http://www.biomax.de/privacy-policy/
Industries We Serve
Our Software Products
Our Technology
Our Research Projects
News and Events
About Biomax
Skip to content
Privacy Policy We have reviewed our data collection and retention policy in line with the General Data Protection Act (GDPR) and have created this section to give you an overview of our policy. This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Biomax Informatics AG collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the www.biomax.com website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Biomax Informatics AG. If you are a customer or supplier, we will have your data stored in a number of other places for the purposes of invoicing, paying bills and delivering projects. This page relates specifically to the marketing data collected via this website or our marketing events, please contact
if you need further information. Information collected We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways in connection with activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. When you submit your data to us, either through the website, by email or in person, this is used by us in a variety of ways, specifically:
Providing information about products and services Providing and personalizing our services Dealing with your enquiries and requests Administering membership of our newsletter
We aim to ensure that it is perfectly clear what you are opting into and you will have given us full consent for us to use your data. If you decided to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If you have downloaded a content offer or asked to subscribe to our newsletter, then we collect your name and email address and use this to send out news and information from Biomax. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or you may contact us via our Site. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site-related activities. Non-personal identification information We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information. Cookies Our website uses cookies, as almost all websites do, to help provide you with the best experience we can. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or mobile phone when you browse websites. Our cookies help us:
Make our website work as you would expect Remember your settings during and between visits Improve the speed/security of the site Personalize our site to you to help you get what you need faster Continuously improve our website for you Make our marketing more efficient (ultimately helping us to offer the service we do at the price we do)
We do not use cookies to:
Collect any personally identifiable information (without your express permission) Collect any sensitive information (without your express permission) Pass personally identifiable data to third parties Pay sales commissions
Granting us permission to use cookies If the settings on your software that you are using to view this website (your browser) are adjusted to accept cookies we take this, and your continued use of our website, to mean that you are fine with this. Should you wish to remove or not use cookies from our site you can do this with the adjustment of your browser, however doing so will likely mean that our site will not work as you would expect. Website function cookies We use cookies to make our website work; they enable the following:
Allowing you to add comments to our site Tailoring content to your needs Remembering if we have already asked you certain questions (e.g., you declined to use our app or take our survey)
There is no way to prevent these cookies being set other than to not use our site. Anonymous visitor statistics cookies We use cookies to compile visitor statistics such as how many people have visited our website, what type of technology they are using, how long they spend on the site, what page they visit. This helps us to continuously improve our website. These so-called analytics programs also tell us, on an anonymous basis, how people reached this site (e.g., from a search engine) and whether they have been here before. Site improvement cookies We regularly test new designs or site features on our site. We do this by showing slightly different versions of our website to different people and anonymously monitoring how our site visitors respond to these different versions. Ultimately this helps us to offer you a better website. Google Analytics Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc. (“Google”) is used on this website. The use includes the “Universal Analytics” operating mode. This makes it possible to assign data, sessions and interactions across multiple devices to a pseudonymous user ID and thus analyze a user’s activities across devices. Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users interact with the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. However, if IP anonymization is activated on this website, Google will reduce your IP address within Member States of the European Union or in other states party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area beforehand. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. We would like to point out that on this website Google Analytics has been extended to include IP anonymization in order to ensure anonymous collection of IP addresses (so-called IP masking). The IP address transmitted by your browser in the context of Google Analytics is not merged with other Google data. For more information on terms of use and data protection, please visit: https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html or https://policies.google.com/?hl=en Purposes of the Processing On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide the website operator with other services related to website and Internet use. Legal Basis The legal basis for the use of Google Analytics is your consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR https://gdpr-info.eu/art-6-gdpr/ Recipients or Categories of Recipients The recipient of the collected data is Google. Transfer to Third Countries Personal data will be transferred to the USA under the EU-US Privacy Shield on the basis of the European Commission’s adequacy decision. You can download the certificate under: https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI Duration of Data Storage The data sent by us and linked to cookies, user-identifiers (e.g. User-IDs) or advertising-identifiers are automatically deleted after 14 months. Data whose retention period has been reached is automatically deleted once a month. Rights of the Persons affected You can revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future by blocking the storage of cookies by setting your browser software accordingly; however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functionalities of this website to their full extent. You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) and from processing this data by Google by downloading and installing the “https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en” Browser Add-on. Opt-out cookies will prevent future collection of your data when you visit this website. To prevent Universal Analytics from collecting data across different devices, you must opt-out on all systems used. If you click here, the opt-out cookie will be set: “javascript:gaOptout()” Disable Google Analytics. This data protection notice is provided by https://www.intersoft-consulting.de. Controlling your personal information If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to us at Biomax Informatics AG, Robert-Koch-Str. 2, 82152 Planegg, Germany. We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen. You may request the details of personal information which we save about you. If you would like a copy of this information please write to: Biomax Informatics AG, Robert-Koch-Str. 2, 82152 Planegg, Germany. If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to us as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect. How we protect your information We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site. Third-party websites Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies. Changes to this privacy policy Biomax Informatics AG has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications. Your acceptance of these terms By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes. Contacting us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us: Biomax Informatics AG Robert-Koch-Str. 2 D-82152 Planegg Germany Call: +49 89 895574-0
This document was last updated on May 25, 2018
Biomax Informatics AG
Menu
Home
Industries We Serve
Our Software Products
Our Technology
Our Research Projects
News and Events
About Biomax Informatics
Career
Contact
Search
YouTube
LinkedIn
Search for:
Search