http://www.chandlerengineering.com/privacypolicy
Oil Well Cementing
Frac Fluids
Reservoir and Formation Analysis
Drilling Fluids Testing
Custom Engineering
CHANDLER ENGINEERING AT A GLANCE
Chandler Engineering is the world's largest supplier of instruments for testing oil, gas and geothermal well cements. From our headquarters in Tulsa, Oklahoma, U.S.A., we design, manufacture, service and support the instruments used for testing per American Petroleum Institute (API) Specification 10 and ISO CD10426. We also provide instruments for API Specification 13 for drilling mud, and API Specification 39 for fracturing fluids.
Chandler Engineering is best known in the oilfield Industry as the pioneer in developing and manufacturing oilfield cement test equipment. Virtually every oil well cement testing laboratory has a Chandler Engineering consistometer. Additionally, many other laboratory instruments are manufactured at Chandler's manufacturing facility. Other types of oilfield laboratory instrumentation designed and manufactured at Chandler include mixers, rheometers, fluid loss cells, corrosion testers and compressive strength testers. Chandler Engineering is also the sole licensed manufacturer of the Ultrasonic Cement Analyzer (UCA). Chandler has taken the technology one step further with the recently developed Static Gel Strength Analyzer (SGSA), an instrument that determines the gel strength building of a cement slurry which is ideally suited for determining potential gas migration problems. Keep Reading
PRODUCT SPOTLIGHT
Chandler Engineering Celebrates 70 Years of Service
AMETEK Chandler Engineering is celebrating its 70th anniversary this year as a major innovator in the global oil and gas production industry. Founded in 1949 to initially provide refinery instruments like deadweight testers and gravitometers, Chandler Engineering is best known today as a pioneer in the development and manufacturing of gas and oilfield cement testing equipment. Click Here For More Information
Chandler engineering offer the Model 5265 MGSA Mechanical Gel Strength Analyzer that directly measures the gel strength development of Oil Well Cement slurries under downhole conditions. The analyzer measures the onset of gel strength as well as the continued development of gel strength..... Click Here For More Information
By continuing to use the site you agree to our privacy and cookie policy.
Ok
MacCMS
×