http://www.plas-labs.com/privacy-statement
Jump to navigation
You are hereHome
Privacy Statement
At Plas-Labs, Inc ("Plas-Labs"), we take your privacy seriously. This statement describes the privacy policy for our entire website, including what information we capture and how it is used.
Plas-Labs captures information from its visitors in two different ways:
Indirectly- through our website technology
Directly- through information you submit to us
Indirect Data Collection
By using aggregate statistical analysis, Plas-Labs reviews trends based on information as a whole, but does not do so in an effort to identify individual users. Data collected indirectly through the use of proprietary and/or third-party software technology may include, but is not limited to:
Domain name
Referral data and exit pages
Browser type
Operating system platform
Internet service provider
Date/time
We use this information to analyze trends, administer the site, track users' movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
Cookies
Cookies are small files of information that websites can store on your computer's hard drive.
Plas-Labs uses cookies in order to assist in aggregate statistical analysis and sometimes provide site customization based on anonymous session tracking. Cookies cannot be used to determine the actual identity of users, but they can be used to identify a computer. If Plas-Labs customizes the site based on cookies, we won't know who you are unless you tell us.
Session IP Address
IP addresses may be logged to track a user's session. An IP address is the unique numerical identity of your computer. When we "log" an IP address, it means that our website associates a visit or series of visits to that unique numerical identity.
Direct Data Collection
Any personal information that you voluntarily provide to Plas-Labs will be used for internal purposes only. We may use this to email you our newsletter or other Plas-Labs information from time to time.
All such correspondence will be in accordance with the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 and will include a straightforward method for unsubscribing. We do not share any personal information about you with third parties or affiliates unless explicitly indicated at the point on the site where the information is collected.
Links and Information Gathered by Others
Our site contains links to other sites. Plas-Labs does not operate these sites, cannot control what information such sites gather or what such sites do with the information, and is therefore not responsible for the activities of the operators of such sites. This privacy statement only applies to information collected by Plas-Labs.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, our homepage, and/or other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
However, if we plan to use users' personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, we will notify such users by email if, and to the extent that, such users have provided their email addresses to us. If you do not reply to such an email, or we receive a reply of "undeliverable" or a similar message from your last known email address, in either case after a reasonable time, we will use the information in the different manner.
Exceptions
We may collect personally identifiable information and use such information if we are required to do so by law or if we deem it advisable in the course of assisting law enforcement activities or protecting our website and other data.
Cart
Your shopping cart is empty.