http://www.sgr.org.uk/index.php/pages/data-protection-and-privacy
Skip to main content
Data Protection and Privacy
This is SGR's privacy policy, updated in May 2018 to bring us in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Scientists for Global Responsibility - Privacy NoticeScientists for Global Responsibility (SGR) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. For any personal data you provide for the purposes of your membership, SGR is the Data Controller and is responsible for storing and otherwise processing that data in a fair, lawful, secure and transparent way.
What personal data we hold on youYou may give us information about you by filling in forms for your membership or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you become a member of SGR. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address, phone number and background. We will only collect and store information we need for the purposes of administering the organisation and your membership of it.
Why we need your personal dataThe reason we need this data is to be able to administer your membership, and provide the membership services you are signing up to when you register with the organisation. Our lawful basis for processing your personal data is that we have a contractual obligation to you as a member to provide the services you are registering for.
Reasons we need to process your data include:For membership and organisation managementProcessing of membership formsPromoting the organisation’s annual conference and AGMPromoting the organisation’s annual appealSGR has a Facebook page, Twitter account and LinkedIn page that all members and non-members are free to join.  Please note that the provider of the social media platform have their own privacy policies and that SGR do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data on the SGR social media pages.
Who we share your personal data withSGR does not supply any personal data it holds for this purpose to any other third party.
How long we hold your personal dataWe will hold your personal data on file for as long as you are a member with us. The data is updated when you notify us of any changes, and when you pay your membership fees. Any personal data we hold on you will be securely destroyed after you have left the organisation. Your data is not processed for any further purposes other than those detailed in this policy.
Your rights regarding your personal dataAs a data subject you may have the right at any time to request access to, rectification or erasure of your personal data; to restrict or object to certain kinds of processing of your personal data, including direct marketing; to the portability of your personal data and to complain to the UK’s data protection supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office about the processing of your personal data.As a data subject you are not obliged to share your personal data with the organisation. If you choose not to share your personal data with us we may not be able to register or administer your membership.
May 2018
About SGR
Why SGR
Contact
Constitution
Staff and NCC
SGR Patrons
Funding policy
History
20th Anniversary
Martin Ryle Trust
Affilliations
Annual reports
Vacancies
Data protection
Environmental policy
Share
'Share on Twitter'
Search
Search