http://www.ctp.at/data-privacy-statement
Skip to main content
Data privacy statement
Home
Data privacy statement
Data privacy statement
CTP values your right to privacy highly and the protection of your personal data is of particular concern to us. We process your data exclusively in accordance with the legal regulations (GDPR, telecommunications act). If the processing of personal data is necessary, the processing is based on Article 6 (1) lit.b GDPR.
Collection and storage of personal data
If you contact us by means of the CTA (call-to-action) element on our website, send us a job-application or an e-mail, your data provided will be processed by us in order to deal with your request and for follow-up questions. We do not transfer your data to any third parties without your approval.
Security
We have taken several security measures to protect personal information. Our databases are protected by technical and organizational measures that restrict access to any kind of information to specially authoritzed persons.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your device by means of the browser. Cookies are used to enhance your visit to our website. Some of the cookies remain on your device and enable us to recognise your browser the next time you visit, unless you delete them.
You can adjust your browser’s settings to get information when cookies are used, in order that you can decide whether to accept them or not in certain cases. The functions of our website may be limited if you do not accept cookies.
Website analysis
Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service from Google Inc. (www.google.de). For this purpose cookies are used which enable an analysis of the use of the website by its users. Information generated in this way is transferred to the provider's server and stored there. You can prevent cookies from being stored by making the relevant settings in your browser software.
Your rights
You have the right to information about the data that we have saved concerning your identity and, if necessary, the right to have this data corrected, blocked or deleted. If you have any questions about collection, processing or use of your personal data or for information, correction, blocking or deletion of data, as well as withdrawal of consent or objection to certain use of data, please contact us directly, using the contact details provided on our website information page (Disclosure).
CTP
Contact
History
Quality
Sustainability
Vision and Mission
News
SOLUTIONS
Systems
Thermal Systems
VOXcube
AutoTherm
MultiTherm
Catalytic Systems
RecuKAT
AutoKAT
RecuNOx
AutoNOx
Hybrid Systems
RTO-i-SCR
VOCNOxTherm
Hybrid RTO
Sorptive Systems
RotorSorbTherm
WetSorbTherm
VOXsorbTherm
Processes
Chlorinated hydrocarbons
Highly contaminated oxygen-free waste gases
Humid and corrosive waste gases
Large volumes with low concentration
Nitrous oxide (laughing gas)
Short and high concentration peaks
Many emission sources
Siliceous organic compounds
Intensive Odor
Particulate matter, halogens and aerosols
Hydrocarbons and carbon monoxide
Dioxins and furans
Particles and alkaline compounds
Services
INDUSTRIES
Automotive and Vehicle Engineering
Building Materials, Cement and Lime
Chemical and Petrochemical Industry
Coating and Printing
Consumer Goods Industry
Electronics and Electrical Industry
Energy and Resources
Food Industry
Forest products
Metals and Mining
Oil and Gas
Pharmaceutical Industry
Recycling and Waste Management
Contact
Disclosure
Jobs
Terms & Conditions
Data privacy