http://www.ikos.com/terms_conditions/privacy
Electronic Design Automation
High-Level Synthesis
RTL Low-Power Opt & Analysis
Functional Verification
Tanner AMS IC Design Flow
Tanner MEMS Design Flow
Photonic Design
IC Design
IC Manufacturing
IC Test
Intellectual Property
FPGA
Systems
Electrical Systems, Networks & Harnesses
System Modeling & Design Management
PCB & IC Package Design
PCB Manufacturing, Assembly & Test
CAE Simulation & Test
CAD-Embedded CFD
Electronics Cooling CFD
Low-Frequency Electromagnetics & Motors
Semiconductor Device Thermal Testing
1D CFD
Automotive
Connectivity
Electrification
Autonomous
Architecture
Embedded
Products
IoT Solutions
Toolchain Services
Runtime Services
Industries
Home
Products
Functional Verification
Veloce Emulation Platform
Functional Verification
Veloce Emulation Platform
Veloce Strato Platform
Veloce2 Emulator
Veloce Apps
Veloce Power Application
Veloce Deterministic ICE App
Veloce Virtual Network (VN) App
Veloce DFT App
Veloce Protocol Solutions
Veloce Testbench XPress
Veloce Resources
X-STEP
Solutions
Products
Protocol Support
Questa Verification Solution
Questa CDC
Questa Formal Verification
Questa inFact
Questa Power Aware Simulation
Questa Simulation
Questa Verification Management
Analog/Mixed-Signal Verification
Clock-Domain Crossing
Questa CDC
Questa Signoff CDC
Questa RDC
Debug
Certus Silicon Debug
Codelink
Visualizer Debug Environment
Formal Verification Apps
Questa Property Checking
Questa Formal Assertion Library
Questa AutoCheck
Questa CoverCheck
Questa Connectivity Check
Questa Post Silicon Debug
Questa Register Check
Questa Secure Check
Questa SLEC
Questa X-Check
Verification IP
Simulation VIP
AMBA®
Display
Ethernet
MIPI®
PCIe®
Serial
USB
Other Protocols
Memory Library
Questa Formal Assertion Library
Virtual Prototyping
Vista Flow
UVM
Products A to Z
Resources
White Papers
Multimedia
Success Stories
News & Press
Events
Blog
Contact Functional Verification
Email Us
Chat Online
Chat OnlineNo agents are available
1-800-547-3000
Direct: (503) 685-8000
Veloce Strato Platform
Veloce Strato Platform
The Veloce Strato Emulation platform has sufficient execution speed, full visibility capabilities and ease-of-use in model creation and model updates to span the entire range of needs throughout the life of the design development process.
Learn More
The Veloce Strato Platform: Unique Core Components Create High-Value Advantages
White Paper
Veloce Power Application
Veloce Power Application
Veloce Power Application boosts runtime and performance of the power analysis flow by up to 4.5X.
Learn More
The 2016 Wilson Research Group ASIC/IC and FPGA Functional Verification Study
On-demand Web Seminar
Veloce VirtuaLAB
Veloce VirtuaLAB
Virtual peripherals and host devices make the emulator a shared resource for multiple HW and SW engineers around the world 24/7.
Learn More
Veloce Delivers Best of ICE and Virtual Emulation to the SSD Storage Market
White Paper
The Veloce® Emulation Platform dramatically reduces risk in the verification of today’s complex SoCs and is a core technology in the Mentor Enterprise Verification Platform™ (EVP).
Comprehensive verification support
Mentor’s software and application solutions and continual enhancements enable a comprehensive verification environment for IP, chip, and system level verification.
Veloce Strato and Veloce Strato OS
Veloce Strato emulation platform consists of three main components: the chip, the operating system software and the hardware. Each main component delivers unique capabilities, but just as importantly, they are designed to work together to enhance user benefits and deliver exceptional verification productivity.
Veloce2 Emulator
The leading high-performance, high-capacity hardware-assisted solution for verifying embedded systems and SoC designs. The Veloce emulator accelerates block and full SoC RTL simulations during all phases of the design process.
Veloce OS3
Veloce's innovative operating system, Veloce OS3, adds software programmability and resource management to the Veloce emulator. OS3 makes it easy to add new use models and extend the value of the platform.
Veloce VirtuaLAB
Veloce VirtuaLAB devices are software solutions that create a “virtual lab” environment for SoC verification. They provide greater flexibility and visibility over a target protocol in applications such as video/audio, storage, and networking as well as industry-standard bus protocols.
iSolve
iSolve solutions provide application and protocol-based solutions for several vertical market areas; including video/audio, networking, wireless, embedded software, and storage.
Veloce TestBench XPress
TestBench XPress (TBX) co-modeling software makes Veloce2 an ultrafast transaction-level modeling (TLM) verification engine, up to 10,000 times faster than software simulators, significantly reducing development schedule risks.
Verification IP
Verification IP delivers higher levels of productivity for simulation and for acceleration of IP and SoC verification, easing the transition from simulation to acceleration.
Codelink
Codelink® establishes a highly productive, software-driven hardware debug environment with innovative features that make a debug session appear just like an interactive session while maintaining synchronization.
Vista
Vista™ supports Electronic System Level (ESL) tool integration with Veloce2. An integrated TLM 2.0-based solution for architectural design exploration, verification, and virtual prototyping, it allows engineers to validate hardware and software early in the design cycle.
Other technologies
The Veloce platform also incorporates Mentor’s advanced functional verification methodology, to provide the same advanced capabilities as simulation for assertions, coverage, TLM, and UVM. In addition, Mentor JTAG solutions provide both physical and virtual JTAG connections to software development tools.
The Veloce Emulation Platform advantage
The Veloce emulation platform combines a unique hardware architecture, innovative operating system, specialized applications, and versatile peripheral solutions to deliver a comprehensive and flexible high-speed, high-capacity verification environment. Veloce accelerates simulation and provides uncompromised visibility and debug.
Its innovative Veloce operating system adds software programmability and resource management, making it easier to add new use models that extend the value of the emulator. The interplay of software innovation on powerful, flexible hardware makes emulation a more effective verification choice for more companies.
State-of-the-art emulation SoC and scalable hardware configurations for verifying designs from 40 million to 15 billion gates.
Acceleration of block, module, and full SoC regression test runs is many orders of magnitude faster than simulation
Eliminates most silicon respins by running billions of cycles to find hard-to-find bugs missed by traditional methods
Comprehensive and versatile simulation-like debug environment for ease-of-use
Full system integration using real-world stimulus and software for testbenches before first silicon is available
Simulation-like use model for assertion and coverage based verification
Standard queuing support for optimal utilization of emulation resources among various teams and sites
Veloce Apps leverage the proven, robust emulator capabilities to solve specific verification and validation challenges.
Featured Resources
Automotive Design Needs Efficient Verification to SurviveWhite Paper
SystemVerilog Constraints: Appreciating What You Forgot in School to Get Better ResultsWhite Paper
Veloce Strato Hardware Emulation / Visualizer Debug Environment - What’s New in Functional Verification from Mentor: Session 2
On-demand Web Seminar
Low Power Verification with Questa – An Overview
On-demand Web Seminar
Terminal Boundary Dictates Power Aware MacrosWhite Paper
5G SoCs Demand New Verification ApproachesWhite Paper
How to make BFM architectures emulation readyWhite Paper
View all resources
This site uses cookies to improve your user experience and to provide you with content we believe will be of interest to you. Detailed information on the use of cookies on this website is provided in our Privacy Policy. By using this website, you consent to the use of our cookies.
Ok, don't show me this again
Chat
|
Contact