http://www.jonesandstokes.com/work/regulatory-policy
A statement on social injustice. Click to read more.
Work
Policy and regulatory
Skip the red tape and focus on what matters.
CONTACT US
Navigating the modern policy environment requires a data-driven approach—and an expert understanding of the regulatory process. We help agencies and policymakers in the United States, United Kingdom, and European Union develop regulatory analyses, processes, and methodologies that power a full spectrum of public services, from economic impact to environmental justice.
We offer a full range of services to assist clients who develop, promulgate, and implement regulations, including:
Reviewing new legislation
Analyzing regulatory issues and options and helping define regulatory alternatives
Estimating economic, environmental, business, and other impacts
Evaluating the paperwork burdens of proposed actions
Supporting the development of proposed and final rulemaking decisions
Summarizing and analyzing public comments and facilitating public involvement
Developing implementation plans, communications strategies, and training and outreach programs
Preparing retrospective analyses of existing rules
Solutions
The Reg Map®
Your guide to the U.S. federal informal rule-making process.
LEARN MORE
Mutual learning
Through facilitated activities, tools, and techniques, mutual learning provides the optimal conditions to share knowledge and good practices on a peer-to-peer basis.
LEARN MORE
Economic and financial analysis
We provide economic and financial analysis to public and private organizations seeking to evaluate programs and policies.
LEARN MORE
Acquisition, cost estimating, and financial management
We offer top-level expertise and state-of-the-art cost models to help your organization with cost estimating, financial management, and performance measurement.
LEARN MORE
Our experts
Mark Allington
Vice President, Energy
Mathieu Capdevila
Consulting Director, Public Policy
Gary Light
Senior Vice President, Public Policy
Neal Mehta
Lead Managing Consultant, Energy
Elizabeth Gormsen
Senior Director, Public Policy
Joe Sunderland
Vice President, Economics, Home Affairs, and Environment
SHOW ALL PEOPLE
Kata Cserep
Vice President and Global Managing Director, Aviation
Petra van Nierop
Chief Analyst, Public Policy
Helen Tubb
Vice President, Public Policy
Ruth Santos-Brien
Program Director, Public Policy
Katerina Mantouvalou
Director, Public Policy
Colin Howat
Director, Employment, Health, and Education
Our technology
Technology
CommentWorks
Public comment analysis software
Icons / Go / Circle Dark
Created with Sketch.
Related industries and services
Advisory
Economic Financial Analysis
Energy
Environment