http://www.kennedyspacecenter.com/privacy-policy
[Skip to Content]
Search
My Trip
Cart
0
Tickets
0
Home
>
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
All references to “Company,” “we,” “us,” and “our” shall mean DNC PARKS & RESORTS AT KSC, INC.
Company’s privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) tells you about the information Company, its subsidiaries, and affiliates collect.
In addition, it explains how we use that information and how you can opt out of certain uses of information we may collect.
If the practices described in this Privacy Policy are not acceptable to you, you should not provide Company with information about yourself.
We may periodically update this Privacy Policy.
The “Effective Date” at the bottom of the page tells you when this Privacy Policy was last revised.
We will notify you of material changes by posting notice on our website (“Website”) or through other means.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on our Website.
Therefore, we encourage you to check the date of our Privacy Policy whenever you visit our Website for any updates or changes.
Collection of Your Personal Information
“Personal Information” refers to information that relates to an identified, or identifiable, person.
This includes, for example, your first and last name, home address or email address.
In addition to Personal Information, we also collect information that does not identify you, including age range and gender, or de-identified or aggregated information.
The Personal Information that we collect depends on what services you use or information that you request.
Our collection and processing of your information is based on different contexts: our performance of a contract, our obligations under law, our legitimate interest in conducting our business, protection of a natural person’s vital interests and/or upon your consent.
The following are examples of some Personal Information that we may collect as well as when and how we collect it.
Registration and Transactional Data
When you register on or use our Website, we may collect various kinds of Personal Information, including your first and last name, email address, home address, home phone number, personal interests, information associated with your Internet Protocol address and preferred vacation/leisure destinations.
This information is used to process your requests or to send you information about the Company, our products, services or offerings.
This information may also be used to create a convenient and easy-to-use online reservation service or shopping process that includes an online “shopping cart” that allows you to track selected products and proceed through purchase.
We also collect and store access information related to your account, including user name and user password.
When you make purchases from our Website, we may collect information such as product orders, shipping address(es), and credit card information in order to process your purchase.
Surveys
From time to time, we may post surveys on our Website or otherwise send you surveys. The surveys may request demographic information (such as age range, gender, areas of interest and familiarity with Company or our products and services) and customer feedback. Participation in these requests is completely voluntary.
With each request, you will have the choice of whether or not to disclose information.
Such survey information will be used to improve our products and services and the overall experience on our Website.
Customer Service Correspondence
We may collect information that identifies you individually, such as your first and last name, home address, email address, phone number, Internet Protocol address, and fax number when you submit comments, questions or suggestions to our customer service department.
We use that information to verify your identity and to respond to your correspondence.
First and Third-Party Cookies, Pixels and Related Data
We use cookies and clear GIFs. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that a website sends to a computer’s hard drive while a web site is viewed.
We use this information to help our website operate efficiently.
In addition, we participate in behavior-based advertising. This means that a third party uses technology (e.g., a Cookie) to collect information about your use of our Website so that they can provide advertising about products and services tailored to your interests on our Website, or on other websites.
We use this information to capture website analytics and engage in behavior-based advertising.
Although the sections above describe our primary purposes in collecting your information, in many situations we have more than one purpose.
For example, if you complete an online purchase or other transaction we may collect your information to perform our contract with you, but we also collect your information as we have a legitimate interest in maintaining your information after your transaction is complete so that we can quickly and easily respond to any questions about your order.
As a result, our collection and processing of your information is based in different contexts upon your consent, our need to perform a contract, our obligations under law, and/or our legitimate interest in conducting our business.
Use of Your Personal Information
In addition to the purposes and uses described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we use information in the following ways:
To identify you when you visit our Website or our locations.
To provide products and services or to process returns.
To improve our services and product offerings.
To streamline the checkout process.
To conduct analytics.
To respond to inquiries related to support, employment opportunities, or other requests.
To send marketing and promotional materials, including information relating to our products, services, sales, or promotions.
For internal administrative purposes, as well as to manage our relationships.
Sharing Your Personal Information
We do not sell or share information that identifies you individually or makes it possible for other parties to contact you directly without your consent, except as disclosed in this Privacy Policy. In addition to the specific situations discussed elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we disclose Personal Information in the following circumstances:
Vendors and Providers of Services
We may share your information with vendors and others who help us operate our business or provide services on our behalf, including the production or transmission of marketing materials.
Among other things, service providers may help us to administer our website, conduct surveys, provide technical support, process payments, and assist in the fulfillment of orders.
We may also transmit information about you to vendors to better understand the people that have an interest in our products and services so that we can identify others that might have similar interests.
Affiliates
We may share your information with companies that are under common ownership or control with Company, our subsidiaries and/or affiliated companies.
Business Transition
We may share or sell your information as an asset of Company in conjunction with the sale to a third party of our Company, our subsidiaries and/or affiliated companies, or a portion of our or their business or assets.
Legal Purposes
We may share your information:
(a) to conform with the law, respond to claims or comply with legal process served on Company (e.g., a lawful subpoena, warrant or court order, or discovery request).
(b) to enforce or apply our policies or agreements (including to bill and collect for amounts owed to us).
(c) to protect and defend our or our users’ rights or property, our Websites, our employees, users, or the public, including fraudulent, abusive or unlawful use of our Website.
(d) if we reasonably believe that an emergency involving immediate danger of death or serious physical injury to any person requires disclosure of communications or justifies disclosure of records without delay.
Your Choices
You can make the following choices regarding your Personal Information:
Promotional Emails. You may choose to provide us with your email address for the purpose of allowing us to send newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials to you, as well as targeted offers from third parties.
You can stop receiving promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in emails that you receive or by contacting us with such request pursuant to the “How to Contact Us” section below.
If you decide not to receive promotional emails, we may still send you service-related communications.
Promotional Mailings.
If at any time you do not want to receive offers and/or circulars from us, you can remove yourself from our mailing list by contacting us with such request pursuant to the “How to Contact Us” section below and including “NO SNAIL MAIL” in the subject line along with your name, address and zip code. Although we will remove your name from our mailing list after receiving your request, you may still receive mailings from us that had been initiated prior to your name being removed.
Promotional Text Messages.
If you receive a text message from us that contains promotional information, you can opt out of receiving future text messages by replying “STOP” or otherwise contacting us with such request pursuant to the “How to Contact Us” section below.
Changes to Your Personal Information. We rely on you to update and correct your Personal Information.
Most of our Websites allow you to modify or delete your account profile.
Note that we may keep historical information in our backup files as permitted by law.
If our Website does not permit you to update or correct certain information, contact us with such request pursuant to the “How to Contact Us” section below.
Deletion of Your Personal Information. Typically, we retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
In addition, we may keep your Personal Information as needed to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and/or enforce our agreements.
You may, however, request that we delete your Personal Information by contacting us with such request pursuant to the “How to Contact Us” section below and we will delete such Personal Information to the extent required by law.
Revocation of Consent.
You may revoke consent, or object, to specific processing of your Personal Information by contacting us with such request pursuant to the “How to Contact Us” section below.
If you revoke your consent for the processing of Personal Information, then we may no longer be able to provide you services.
In some cases, we may limit or deny your request to revoke consent if the law permits or requires us to do so, or if we are unable to adequately verify your identity.
Access to Your Personal Information. If required by law, upon request, we will grant you with reasonable access to the Personal Information that we have about you.
You may request access to your Personal Information by contacting us with such request pursuant to the “How to Contact Us” section below.
Online Tracking.
We do not currently recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include “Do Not Track” instructions.
Protecting Your Information
To help maintain data accuracy, prevent unauthorized access to or disclosure of, and ensure the appropriate use of your Personal Information, we have put in place physical, electronic and managerial procedures.
In the event that we are required by law to inform you of any unauthorized access to your Personal Information, we may notify you electronically, in writing, or by telephone, if permitted to do so by law.
Retention of Information
We retain Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this policy, or until an individual requests that we delete information about them, unless a longer retention period is required or is permitted by law.
If you would like additional information concerning how long we keep a specific type of information, you can contact us pursuant to the “How to Contact Us” section below.
California Resident Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional privacy rights. To learn more about your California privacy rights, please review our Privacy Policy Addendum for California Residents available here.
Miscellaneous
Aggregate Information
We collect aggregate information about you and your use of our Website whenever you visit us online. For instance, we may collect various forms of “click stream” information such as entry and exit points for our Website (i.e., referring URLs or domains), site traffic statistics, page views, impressions, and operating system and browser type. In addition, when you request pages on our Website, our servers automatically log your Internet Protocol addresses. An “Internet Protocol address” is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the internet.
We also use third-party software that tracks traffic directed to the Website from affiliate websites and the purchases that result from this traffic. This information is aggregated and is not tied to an individual purchase.
This aggregate information generally will not identify you or be correlated to you individually for external purposes. We may collect, compile, store, publish, promote, report, sell, or otherwise disclose or use any and all aggregate information, provided that such information does not reveal your identity. When we share such information with other companies, it is not traceable to any particular user, and will not be used to contact you.
If we do correlate any aggregate information to you, such information will be treated like any other Personal Information under this policy.
Links to Other Sites
Please be aware that we provide links to third-party websites as a service to our users, and that we are not responsible for the content or information collection practices of those pages. Please note that these websites’ privacy policies may differ from our Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review and understand their privacy practices before providing them with information.
Transmission of Information to Other Countries.
As a multi-national company, we transmit information between and among Company, our subsidiaries and/or our affiliate companies.
As a result, your information may be processed in a foreign country where privacy laws may be less stringent than the laws in your country.
Nonetheless, where possible we take steps to treat Personal Information using the same privacy principles that apply pursuant to the law of the country in which we first received your information.
By submitting your Personal Information to us, you agree to the transfer, storage and processing of your information in a country other than your country of residence including, but not necessarily limited to, the United States of America.
If you would like more information concerning our attempts to apply the privacy principles applicable in one jurisdiction to data when it goes to another jurisdiction you can contact us pursuant to the “How to Contact Us” section below.
Third Party Tracking
You can opt out of receiving advertising based on your browsing behavior from some network advertising companies by going to the Network Advertising Initiative and the Digital Advertising Alliance websites, although to completely prevent advertising based upon your browsing behavior you should also disable the cookies on your browser.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or our use of your information, or if you need help accessing, changing, or deleting your information, or otherwise electing to make any of the choices in “Your Choices” above, you can email or contact us as set forth below.
When contacting us, please include your first and last name, the name of the location that collected your information and a contact number or email address where you agree to be reached.
Email us at:
privacy@delawarenorth.com
Or send a letter to:
DNC PARKS & RESORTS AT KSC, INC
250 Delaware Avenue
Buffalo, New York 14202
Attention:
Data Privacy
If you are a person in the European Union, you may also send a letter to:
Delaware North Companies (UK) Limited
11th Floor, York House Empire Way
Wembley HA9 0PA United Kingdom
Attention: Paul Galvin
If you are not satisfied with our response, and you are in the European Union, you may have a right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority.
Effective Date: December 19, 2019
Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex is operated for NASA by Delaware North and is entirely visitor-funded.