https://www.siena.edu/privacy/
Skip to Main Content
Academics
Expand Navigation
Majors and Programs
Liberal Arts Advantage
Hands-on Learning
Core Curriculum
College Catalog
Academic Affairs Office
Life as a Saint
Expand Navigation
Marching Forward
Clubs
Events and Activities
Living on Campus
Dining
Service
Athletics and Fitness
Life after Siena
Visit
Expand Navigation
About
Campus Map and Directions
Schedule a Tour
New York's Capital Region
Apply
Expand Navigation
Application Process
Deadlines
Admissions Information
Contact Admissions
The Siena Guarantee
Afford
Expand Navigation
Siena Value
Tuition
Scholarships
Resources
Financial Aid Office
Graduate Program Tuition and Aid
Prospective Students
New Incoming Students
Current Students
Faculty & Staff
Alumni & Friends
Parents & Families
Home
Privacy
Siena College Privacy Policy
Brief Overview of the Policy
Siena College’s website collects a few items when you visit the website. This will allow us to ensure the utmost performance and experience while on the website.
Reason for Policy
The purpose of this policy is to inform users of the Siena College website of the information that may be collected and how it is managed and used by the Information Technology Services (ITS) department.
Scope of the Policy
The scope of this policy includes all users that visit the Siena College website for information pertaining to Siena College and their services.
The Official Policy
Here at Siena College your privacy is a top priority. Siena College welcomes you and appreciates you visiting the website. When visiting the website there are a few items we collect when you visit.
Information Collected
Some information that is automatically collected when visiting our website may be the following:
user client hostname: the hostname or Internet Protocol address of the user requesting access to a college website
HTTP header, "user agent": the type of browser, its version, and the operating system on which the browser is running
HTTP header, "referrer": specifies the webpage from which the user accessed the current webpage
system date: date and time of the user's request
full request: exact request the user made
status: status code the server returned to the user
content length: content length, in bytes, of the document sent to the user
method: request method used
Universal Resource Identifier (URI): location of a resource on the server
Query string of the URI: anything after the question mark in a URI
protocol: transport protocol and the version used
processing time: time, in milliseconds, it took for the server to process the request
host header: hostname of the requested file, e.g., www.esc.edu
Cookies
Cookies: name of any cookie used.
Third Party Sites
In order to provide you with services you may be redirected to a third party website so you may submit information for services or e-commerce transactions. The website may require you to enter in your personal information such as name, address, date of birth, or even credit card information if making purchases. Siena College only enters into agreements with companies that abide and adhere to the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCI DSS) as well as Siena College policy and procedures when handling personally identifiable information (PII). These websites have separate privacy and security policies; it is always a good practice to review the privacy policy of any website you visit.
Collected Information
Any information that is collected through our website is kept private and only ITS and authorized personnel has access.