https://www.edisurveys.co.uk/about-us/website-privacy-policy/
Website Privacy Policy
EDI Surveys Ltd understands that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your personal data is used. We respect and value the privacy of everyone who visits this website, www.edisurveys.co.uk (Our Site) and as described in Parts 5 and 6, below, we do not collect personal data about you unless you contact us. Any personal data we do collect will only be used as permitted by law.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it. Your acceptance of this Privacy Policy is deemed to occur upon your first use of our Site. If you do not accept and agree with this Privacy Policy, you must stop using our Site immediately.
1. Information About Us
Our Site is owned and operated by EDI Surveys Ltd, a limited company registered in England under company number 1140589.
Registered address: 163-165 Ranelagh Road, Ipswich, IP2 0AH
VAT number: 750 7604 36
2. What Does This Policy Cover?
This Privacy Policy applies only to your use of Our Site. Our Site may contain links to other websites. Please note that we have no control over how your data is collected, stored, or used by other websites and we advise you to check the privacy policies of any such websites before providing any data to them.
3. What is Personal Data?
Personal data is defined by the General Data Protection Regulation (EU Regulation 2016/679) (the “GDPR”) as ‘any information relating to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified in particular by reference to an identifier’.
Personal data is, in simpler terms, any information about you that enables you to be identified. Personal data covers obvious information such as your name and contact details, but it also covers less obvious information such as identification numbers, electronic location data, and other online identifiers.
4. What Are My Rights?
Under the GDPR, you have the following rights, which we will always work to uphold:
a) The right to be informed about our collection and use of your personal data. This Privacy Policy should tell you everything you need to know, but you can always contact us to find out more or to ask any questions using the details in Part 10.
b) The right to access the personal data we hold about you. Part 9 will tell you how to do this.
c) The right to have your personal data rectified if any of your personal data held by us is inaccurate or incomplete. Please contact us using the details in Part 10 to find out more.
d) The right to be forgotten, i.e. the right to ask us to delete or otherwise dispose of any of your personal data that we have. Please contact us using the details in Part 10 to find out more.
e) The right to restrict (i.e. prevent) the processing of your personal data.
f) The right to object to us using your personal data for a particular purpose or purposes.
g) The right to data portability. This means that, if you have provided personal data to us directly, we am using it with your consent or for the performance of a contract, and that data is processed using automated means, you can ask us for a copy of that personal data to re-use with another service or business in many cases.
h) Rights relating to automated decision-making and profiling. We do not use your personal data in this way.
For more information about Our use of your personal data or exercising your rights as outlined above, please contact us using the details provided in Part 10.
Further information about your rights can also be obtained from the Information Commissioner’s Office or your local Citizens Advice Bureau.
If you have any cause for complaint about our use of your personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office.
5. What Personal Data Do You Collect?
Subject to the following, we do not collect any personal data from you. We do not place cookies on your computer or device, nor do we use any other means of data collection.
If you send us an email, we may collect your name, your email address, and any other information which you choose to give us.
6. How Do You Use My Personal Data?
If we do collect any personal data, it will be processed and stored securely, for no longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected. We will comply with our obligations and safeguard your rights under the GDPR at all times. For more details on security see Part 7, below.
As stated above, we do not generally collect any personal data. If you contact us and we obtain your personal details from your email, we may use them to respond to your email.
You have the right to withdraw your consent to us using your personal data at any time, and to request that we delete it.
We will not share any of your data with any third parties for any purposes other than storage on an email server.
7. How and Where Do You Store My Data?
We will only store your personal data in the UK. This means that it will be fully protected under the GDPR.
8. Do You Share My Personal Data?
We will not share any of your personal data with any third parties for any purposes, subject to one important exception.
In some limited circumstances, we may be legally required to share certain personal data, which might include yours, if we are involved in legal proceedings or complying with legal obligations, a court order, or the instructions of a government authority.
9. How Can I Access My Personal Data?
If you want to know what personal data we have about you, you can ask us for details of that personal data and for a copy of it (where any such personal data is held). This is known as a “subject access request”.
All subject access requests should be made in writing and sent to the email or postal addresses shown in Part 10.
There is not normally any charge for a subject access request. If your request is ‘manifestly unfounded or excessive’ (for example, if you make repetitive requests) a fee may be charged to cover our administrative costs in responding.
We will respond to your subject access request within one month of receiving it. Normally, we aim to provide a complete response, including a copy of your personal data within that time. In some cases, however, particularly if your request is more complex, more time may be required up to a maximum of three months from the date we receive your request. You will be kept fully informed of our progress.
10. How Do I Contact You?
To contact us about anything to do with your personal data and data protection, including to make a subject access request, please use the following details
FAO Tina Connor
Email address: admin@edisurveys.co.uk
Telephone number: 01473 211 222
Postal Address: EDI Surveys Ltd
163 Ranelagh Road
Ipswich
IP2 0AH
11. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Notice from time to time. This may be necessary, for example, if the law changes, or if we change our business in a way that affects personal data protection.
Any changes will be immediately posted on Our Site and you will be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Privacy Policy on your first use of Our Site following the alterations. We recommend that you check this page regularly to keep up-to-date.
About usManagement Team
Equipment
Case Studies
FAQs
Website Privacy Policy
What to do next
Contact Us Request a callback View services
Equipment
IDS Opera Duo (Ground Penetrating Radar)
Uses electromagnetic radiation to create images below the ground surface
Used to detect metallic & non-metallic pipes and cables
Dual Frequency Antenna
GNSS integration
Post Processing capability
Find Out More
More Equipment
Case study:
Coastal Surveying
EDI Surveys has been involved with the Environment Agency’s coastal monitoring programme since 1991 and we are currently the holders of a 5 year contract to survey profile and grid surveys on the foreshore from Grimsby to Southend-on-Sea, approximately 400km of coastline.
The majority of the work involves the survey of level profiles along fixed transect lines from low water level to a point inland of the sea defence / cliff top or dune line, with these transects being spaced at intervals between 100m and 500m.
Using RTK GNSS survey units we take recordings of the locations position, height and ground covering type (i.e. grass, mud, sand etc) every few paces. Once back in the office the collected data is processed by software to create cross sections of the coast line. When this new data is laid over cross sections of the same coast line collected from previous years we can see a graphical representation of how our coastline is changing over time. This valuable information gives the Environment Agency data to create the defence polices needed to protect us from the risk of flooding and erosion.
Case study:
Floor plan survey – The Science Museum, London
London
Survey type: Floor and ceiling plans of existing galleries prior to refurbishment and new exhibitions, completed outside opening hours.
Survey equipment: Trimble TX5 laser scanner, Leica reflectorless total station theodolites and Disto equipment.
Completion time: 4 Weeks
Case study:
Topographic Survey – The Cornhill, Ipswich
Description: Our brief was to survey the Cornhill, the current market place in Ipswich and the focal point of the town center, prior to a proposed regeneration of the area.
Survey type: Topographical survey of the square with special emphasis on the position and level of the surround building footprints.
Survey equipment: Leica reflectorless total station theodolite and Leica GNSS with Smartnet network RTK in order to provide control to Ordnance Survey national grid and level datum.
Completion time: 1 week.
Case study:
Watercourse Surveys
We carry out a large number of watercourse surveys each year for the purposes of flood modelling and siltation assessment. Our main client for these projects is the Environment Agency but we also work for a number of consulting engineers and flood risk assessors. The surveys might be of anything from a dry ditch to the river Thames.
A recent project was the River Fynn here in Suffolk, a 12km long section of the watercourse from the village of Witnesham to the tidal Martlesham Creek on the river Deben. The survey requirement was to produce profiles of the watercourse at 100m intervals, profiles of all structures, a long section and digital data in ISIS and EACSD formats.