http://www.rosemead.edu/privacy
Rosemead
Integrating Psychology and Christian Faith
Rosemead School of Psychology is a top psychology school for Christians who want to integrate their faith with their field. Here, you’ll learn from respected professors who are committed to the integration of psychology and theology — bringing together the scientific, research-driven study of human behavior with biblical perspectives on human flourishing. In the process, you’ll be equipped with knowledge and skills for professional roles in clinical psychology, therapy, counseling, teaching and research.
Located near Los Angeles in Southern California, Rosemead School of Psychology draws students from around the world to its leading psychology programs — ranging from the APA-accredited Ph.D. and Psy.D. to undergraduate and online degree completion and certificate programs.
Learn more about Rosemead
Apply Now
Request Information
Undergraduate Programs
Graduate Programs
Online Bachelor's Programs
Schedule a Visit
Undergraduate Student
Graduate Student
Online Bachelor's Student
Give to Rosemead
Discover the DifferenceWhy Rosemead?Rosemead integrates the science of human behavior with a Christian understanding of human nature. Discover what makes Rosemead different from other psychology programs in the nation.
Learn About Our Distinctives
News & HighlightsDoug Daugherty Named Dean of Biola’s Rosemead School of Psychology
Doug Daugherty comes to Biola from Indiana Wesleyan University (IWU) where he served for 23 years as a professor of addictions and psychology and most recently as the executive dean of IWU’s College of Arts and Sciences.
Read Full Article
Rosemead School of Psychology Celebrates 50th Anniversary
Biola commemorates 50 years of the school's long-standing commitment to training Christian psychologists.
Read the Full ArticleThe Humility Researcher
Professor Pete Hill Receives $1.9 Million Grant to Continue Research.
Learn About The Grant
Foundation Awards Research Grant
Professor David Wang Receives $240,000 Research Grant from the John Templeton Foundation.
Learn About The Grant
Slider Button Navigate LeftSlider Button Navigate RightContact UsPhone:(562) 903-4867
Location:Rose Hall (Building 41)
More contact details
For questions related to the program's accredited status, please direct them to the Commission on Accreditation.Published by this SchoolStudent Hub Pages (Undergraduate)
Student Hub Pages (Graduate)
Ph.D. — Student Admissions, Outcomes and Other Data (PDF)
Psy.D. — Student Admissions, Outcomes and Other Data (PDF)
Biola Graduate Community Standards
Psychology Courses on Biola LEARNFollow UsFacebook
Twitter