http://www.dakotamatrix.com/content/privacy-policy
Checkout
0 item @ $0.00
Home |
My Cart |
Login |
Register
Home
Mineral Galleries
New Minerals
New Minerals
Dec 04, 2020
New Minerals
Nov 29, 2020
New Minerals
Nov 22, 2020
New Minerals
Nov 15, 2020
New Minerals
Oct 23, 2020
Previous
Daily Five Minerals
Saturday's Specimens
Thursday's Specimens
Thursday's Specimens
Tuesday's Specimens
Monday's Specimens
Special Editionsby Mineral Gallery
Upcoming Mineral Galleries
Colorado Plateau Minerals
Hampson Colorado Minerals
Southeast US Phosphates
Mexican Minerals
Rare Earth Minerals
Previous Mineral Galleries
All Mineral SpecimensA to Z
Rare Minerals
Under $50 Minerals
Over $50 Minerals
Reduced Minerals
Archived Minerals
Searches
Search by Mineral Name, Mineral Locality, Tag, etc.
Arsenate Group Minerals
Black Hills Minerals
Carbonate Group Minerals
Ore Minerals
Searches
Phosphate Group Minerals
Sulfide Group Minerals
Vanadate Group Minerals
Maps & Mineral Books
Resources
About Us
Mineral Articles & Website Help
Contact Us
Faqs
Links
Maps & Mineral Books
Policies
Shipping, Returns & Payments
Testimonials
Mineralpedia
Shows
Products
Localities
Privacy Policy
Tweet
Privacy Policy. Please Click Here for our Terms and Conditions Statement
We strongly encourage that all patrons of this website read this Privacy Policy carefully. Your privacy is important to Dakota Matrix Minerals Incorporated (Dakota Matrix). This policy provides you, as a guest or registered customer of the Dakota Matrix Minerals website with the conditions under which this website is being made available to you. These conditions include information collected, which is addressed below. By using this website you must be aware that you agree and are bound to the stated terms of this Privacy Policy provided herein. If you do not agree with these conditions or are under the age of 13, please disconnect from this website.  If you are under the age of 18, you should review this policy with your parent or guardian and be under their supervision while using this website. At any time during your visit or in the course of doing business with Dakota Matrix, if you have any questions or are dissatisfied with this policy please feel free to contact us. Our contact information is provided at the end of this document. Please review this policy often as this policy may be updated for reasons of improvements, as applied to changes in laws and regulations, or changes to the Dakota Matrix website.
Accesses to third party websites linked within the Dakota Matrix website are provided to you for convenience only. These links include, but are not limited to PayPal, Mindat, Webmineral, other mineral or geology related websites and social media sites such Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, Plaxo, and Delicious. Once you leave this website by clicking on one of these links, you enter a third party website and thereby are subject to their policies and standards.  Dakota Matrix encourages you to review all third party policies.
If you are unsure whether this policy statement is in conflict with applicable local (USA or International) regulations or laws, you should not submit your information.
Types of Information Collected and How It Is Used
Personal Information
Through the course of regular business transactions, Dakota Matrix will require standard and specific personal information to establish identity. This will include first and last name, email address, phone number(s), and address. If you choose to register for an account with Dakota Matrix, you will be asked to provide a username and password and the standard personal information as mentioned above. Optional registered user information includes collecting habits, interests, wish list items, and favorites. Please refer to the Terms and Conditions and Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ's) document on this website for more information on user registration. Once you register an account with Dakota Matrix, please be aware that only the personally identifiable information mentioned above will be stored on secure servers. This information will remain in our possession only and will never be sold, rented or leased to a third party. All personally identifiable information and other information supplied during registration, mailing list subscriptions, feedback, or otherwise and changes and alterations henceforth will remain confidential. Dakota Matrix reserves the right to use this information for our proprietary use to complete transactions, to contact you, or for direct marketing purposes.
Some features of the Dakota Matrix website will allow you to subscribe to our mailing list, contact us through the website, provide feedback, and apply for account registration. These features will require all or part of the personal information mentioned above.
Payment Information
Information collected for purchases from Dakota Matrix will include the information as mentioned above. However, Dakota Matrix will NOT collect credit card information. Payment information for credit card transactions will be completed by an industry standard third party merchant such as PayPal merchant services. This merchant will collect your payment information necessary to complete the transaction with Dakota Matrix. All credit card merchant services must comply with the highest degree of financial standards as regulated by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.  As always we encourage you to review their policies and standards.
Non-Personal Information
Non-personal information will be automatically collected by computers. This type of information includes collective data from which individual customer identities are not known. Dakota Matrix will collect the following non-personal information to evaluate how patrons use the website to more effectively improve their visit.
Aggregate Information
Information gathered automatically upon your visit to the Dakota Matrix website will include your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, domain names, referral data, time spent on the website, and “surfing” patterns. This information can be aggregated to produce non-personally identifiable reports which can yield demographics and traffic patterns to help improve your visit to the Dakota Matrix Minerals website. Web beacons are used to track how many people are opening and accessing our website via email contact and are not used specifically on the website.
Cookies
Cookies are text files that are placed on your hard drive by a web page server. Dakota Matrix website uses cookies to enhance the customer experience. Cookies cannot deliver a virus or run programs; they are not harmful and can be controlled by your browser settings. If your browser is set to not accept cookies, you will not be able to fully utilize the interactive features of the Dakota Matrix website. Accepting cookies will save you time on the Dakota Matrix website by remembering your password and other features for registered users.
Dakota Matrix uses Google Analytics, provided by Google, Inc.  Google Analytics uses cookies to help this website analyze user general browsing habits when using this website. Google will store this information including your IP address on its servers in the United States. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Data such as browser preference, search data, trend analysis, traffic, demographics, and other general statistical “surfing” habits are captured. Specific personal identifiers are not used for this purpose. The user is encouraged to read the Google privacy policy for more information.
Information Access and Security
Dakota Matrix is committed to keeping registered user information as accurate as possible. Registered users will have total access and control over their personal information provided to Dakota Matrix. Registered users can make changes to any account information, change a password, or remove information at any time. To protect our registered user’s privacy and security, we may take reasonable steps to verify identity before granting permission to altering personal profile data.  Dakota Matrix makes every effort to protect personal information including firewalls and other security measures on its server. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your user ID, password, and your personal information.
Contact Information
Questions about this Privacy Statement can be directed to dmmcart@gmail.com
Information
Terms & Conditions
Privacy
Shipping, Returns & Payments
About Us
Contact Us
My Account
Password
Reset
Login
Cart
Registration
Other
Faqs
Links
Testimonials
Articles
Follow Us
We Accept
All photos by Dakota Matrix and are Copyrighted © and may not be used without
permission. Copyright © 2020
- Dakota Matrix Minerals, Inc.
Privacy | Terms & Conditions
| Site Map