http://www.eco-ab.org/ea-privacy-policy.html
Springe direkt zu: Content, Servicemenue, Mainmenue
Servicemenu
ContactSite informationPrivacy policy
Hauptmenu
HomepageTasks / PrinciplesMember organizations / BoardConstitutionsApplication FormRelated LinksResearchPublicationsGeneral Meetings and Workshops
Privacy policy
The protection of your personal data is very important to us. We therefore ask you to read the following privacy policy carefully.
The purpose of this policy is to inform you about the reason for and extent to which your personal data will be processed when you visit our website. If you have any further questions, please do not hesitate to contact the controller.
This website uses SSL or TLS encryption to protect the transmission of personal data and other confidential content (e.g. orders or inquiries to the controller). You can recognize an encrypted connection by the character string "https://" and the lock symbol in your browser line.
(1) Controller within the meaning of Art. 4 No. 7 General Data Protection Regulation (hereinafter: “GDPR”) is:
Research Institute of Organic Agriculture (FiBL) Ackerstrasse 113 / Postfach 219 CH-5070 Frick Telephone +41 62 8657-272 Fax +41 62 8657-273 info.suisse(at)fibl.org
(1)	According to the applicable laws, you have various rights regarding your personal data: Right to obtain confirmation and accessRight to request rectificationRight to erasure ('right to be forgotten') Right to request restriction of processingRight to data portability Right to objectRight to withdraw the given consent If you wish to assert these rights, please send your request by e-mail or by post to the address mentioned above.
(2)	You also have the right of lodging a complaint with a supervisory authority about the processing of your personal data with us.
(1)	When using our website for information purposes only, i.e. if you do not register or otherwise provide us with information, we only collect the personal data that your browser transmits to our server (so-called "server log files"). If you want to visit our website, we collect the following information that is technically necessary for us to display our website and to ensure the stability, functionality and security of our website:our visited websiteused IP addressdate and time of accessTime zone difference to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)Access status / HTTP status code
the amount of data transferred in bytes 	Website from which you accessed the site (source/reference)used browser the operating system used and its interface Language and version of the browser software. (2)	The legal basis is our legitimate interest in ensuring a smooth connection setup and a comfortable use of the website as well as in the possibility to evaluate system security and stability and to pursue further administrative purposes in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. f GDPR.
(3)	The data will not be passed on or used in any other way.
(1)	In addition to the purely informational use of our website, we offer various services which you can use if you are interested. For this purpose, you must generally provide further personal data, which we use to perform the respective service and to which the aforementioned data processing principles apply. In some cases we use external service providers to process your data. These have been carefully selected and commissioned by us, are bound by our instructions and are regularly checked.
(2)	We may also pass on your personal data to third parties if we cooperate with service providers who offer you promotions, lotteries or similar.
(3)	Furthermore, we inform you in the respective offer about a transfer of your data outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
(1)	If you send us enquiries via our contact form or via e-mail, your data will be stored for the purpose of answering the enquiry and in the event of follow-up questions. You will be required to provide your organisation name, street, post code, city, country and e-mail address, the type of membership and the name of the contact person. Providing a telephone number and other data is voluntary and serves to facilitate contact and to enable us to address you personally. These data are stored and used solely for the purpose of responding to your request or for establishing contact and the technical administration. The legal basis for processing the data is our legitimate interest in responding to your request in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR.
(2)	Your data will be deleted when your inquiry has been finally clarified and if no statutory retention obligations oppose this.
(1)	If you have consented to the processing of your data, it is possible at any time to withdraw this processing for the future. As a result, your data will no longer be processed for the agreed purpose.
(2)	If your data are processed on the basis of a weighing of interests in accordance with the legal basis Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. e or f GDPR, you can object to this if you have special reasons against processing the data.
(3)	You also have the possibility to object to the processing of your data for the purpose of direct marketing. Thus, your data will no longer be processed for the purpose of direct advertising.
General informationName and address of the controllerYour rightsCollection of personal data when you visit our websiteFurther functions and offers of our websiteContact form and e-mailsObjection and withdrawal against the processing of your data
top
Print
© FiBL. All rights reserved. Last Update: 10/02/2016