http://www.infinityqs.com/about/legal/privacy-policy
Mission & History
Our Team
Careers
Certifications
Press Releases
Awards
Giving Back
Contact Us
Legal
Data Privacy Help Request
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Privacy policy
As the leading provider of real-time Statistical Process Control (SPC) software and solutions, InfinityQS® International Inc. (InfinityQS) understands the importance of the privacy of personal information. We are committed to making sure you understand how carefully we handle any personal information you may provide to us. By personal information or personal data, we mean data that relate specifically to you as a person, such as your name, address, phone number, or email address. InfinityQS is committed to strong and transparent privacy practices.
Our Privacy Policy explains:
What personal information we collect and why we collect it
How we use personal information
Whom we share personal information with
Our lawful basis for collecting personal information
How long we retain personal information
The choices you have for accessing, updating, and removing personal information
By using our website or one of our products or services, including the Enact® SPC hosted software, you consent to the collection and use of personal information about you as set forth in this Privacy Policy, including the transfer of such information to the United States or other countries for storage, processing, and use by InfinityQS and its affiliates.
This Privacy Policy covers only the website www.InfinityQS.com, the home site for InfinityQS, and its related regional websites, specifically partners.infinityqs.com, www.infinityqs.co.uk, www.infinityqs.lat, and www.infinityqs.de, as well as our products and services. It does not cover any other website. From time to time, our website may contain links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by InfinityQS. Please be aware that this Privacy Policy applies only to personal information collected by InfinityQS on its websites or through its products and services.
InfinityQS is not responsible for the privacy practices of third-party websites, and we do not endorse or make any representations about these third-party sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the InfinityQS website and to read the privacy policies of every website that collects personal information.
The Personal Information We Collect
In order to better serve our clients and those interested in our products and services, InfinityQS may collect both personal and non-personal information through our websites and its products and services. InfinityQS’ website is designed to allow you to visit it anonymously to learn about the company, our products, and many of our customer success stories without disclosing personal information. InfinityQS collects personal information about you when you provide it directly to us or when we receive your personal information from third parties such as our business partners and service providers.
For example, if you request certain information (like a free trial of our ProFicient™ or Enact® SPC software) or take certain actions (such as viewing a webinar or downloading a white paper), we will ask you for personal information that allows us to respond effectively to your request. The information we request is contact information that might appear on a business card, such as your first and last name, job role and responsibility, company name, address, email address, phone number, and the objective you are seeking to achieve.
Please note that some forms on our website require an email address to perform the task you are requesting, so consent is automatically granted with respect to your email address. These forms include our blog-feed signup, technical support forms, and the form for requesting to become a channel partner. None of these actions will place you into our email marketing campaigns but consent is assumed for the action you have requested. If you don’t want to hear from us via email or phone, just don’t complete the form. If you’d like to remove yourself from additional emails, please follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
If you register to attend an InfinityQS event, we will collect credit card information from you if you elect to pay for the registration by credit card. We use your credit card information only to process your purchase through a credit card processor and we use secure socket layer (SSL) technology to encrypt your credit card number when we communicate it to the processor. We do not retain your credit card information after your order is processed.
Cookies and Other Non-Personal Information
As is true of most websites, we automatically gather certain non-personal information, such as internet protocol (IP) addresses, from visitors to our websites and store that information in log files. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, and to track users’ movements around the site. We also use cookies to enable certain essential website functions such as choosing a language to read the site, customer logins, personalization, and live chat. We do not link this automatically collected data to personal information.
Cookies for performance and analytics
We use third-party tracking services (for example Google and Choozle) that use cookies to track only non-personal information about visitors to our websites. These services allow us to gather general web-traffic patterns and behaviors, and we use that information to analyze our website performance. These analytics functions do not track users individually and their personal information is not linked to the tracking results.
Cookies for advertising
In addition, as an internet advertiser, we use third-party vendors, for example Google and LinkedIn, to display our ads on sites across the internet. Those third-party vendors, including Google, also use cookies to serve ads based on our visitor’s past use of our website. This practice, called remarketing, allows us to reach people who have previously visited our website and match those people to the right message for their needs. You can opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting Google's Ads Settings (https://www.google.com/settings/u/0/ads/authenticated). You can opt out of third-party vendor use of cookies and learn more about your choices by visiting by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page (https://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp) and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Consumer Choice Page (https://www.aboutads.info/choices/). Users in the EU can visit www.youronlinechoices.eu (https://www.youronlinechoices.eu/) for more information about your choices and to opt out of participating service providers.
How We Use the Personal Information We Collect
InfinityQS uses personal information to provide, administer, and improve our software solutions; better understand your needs and interests; fulfill requests you make; personalize your experience; provide announcements about our products and services; provide you with information and offers from InfinityQS and our business partners; protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, or illegal activity; and comply with legal obligations.
We may ask for your consent to collect personal information on our website or through our products or services for various purposes, such as:
Fulfilling requested services such as a trial of our products or a webinar
Contacting you about products or services we think may be of interest to you
Sending you promotional materials
Every email we send includes a link allowing you to unsubscribe from future marketing communications. If you no longer wish to receive our promotional communications, you can opt out of receiving them by clicking that link. You can also let us know your preferences by emailing us at sales@InfinityQS.com or by sending a request to us using the contact information provided in the How to Contact Us section below.
Sharing the Personal Information We Collect
InfinityQS will not sell, rent, or give away personal information to other companies for use in selling others' products or services. We do, however, use third parties to provide us with necessary services such as credit card processing, shipping, or providing internet service. When you request a service from us, such as a free trial of our products, or when you register for an InfinityQS event, we will share your personal information as necessary for that third party to provide that service. Such third-party providers include credit card processors, delivery companies, and other service providers that enable us to fulfill a request from a client.
Company-Sponsored Events
InfinityQS may host  a user conference to explore the real  issues our clients face every day in maintaining quality in their manufacturing process. When you register on our website to attend this event, we request certain information from you, such as your name, email address, company, and industry. As discussed above, we will also collect credit card information if you elect to purchase your registration by credit card, but we share that information only with the credit card processor and do not retain your credit card information after your registration has been processed.
Lawful Basis for Collecting Personal Data
We will use your personal information only if we have a lawful basis for doing so. Lawful bases for processing include performance of a contract, our legitimate interests or the legitimate interest of others, and consent, as further described below.
Performance of a Contract
We process the following categories of personal information in order to provide information, software, or services that you request in our performance of a contract to which you are a party. Examples of data needed for purposes of performing a contract include:
Contact name, company, and job title
InfinityQS account information
Email address
Physical address
Telephone number
Failure to provide such personal information may result in your inability to use some or all portions of the services or software that require such data.
Legitimate Interest
We process personal information when we believe doing so furthers our legitimate interest or the legitimate interest of third parties. Examples of these legitimate interests include:
If you are one of our clients
Operation and improvement of our business, products, and services
Marketing of our products and services
Provision of customer support
Protection from fraud or security threats
Compliance with legal obligations, including compliance with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on us
When we believe such disclosure is necessary to protect our rights
A request from law enforcement authorities
Consent
In some cases, we process personal information based on the consent you expressly grant to us at the time we collect such data. When we process personal information based on your consent, we will indicate that to you at the point and time of collection.
Other Processing Grounds
From time to time we may also need to process personal information to comply with a legal obligation if the data are necessary to protect the vital interests of you or other data subjects or if they are necessary for a task carried out in the public interest.
Data Retention
We retain personal information about inactive, non-customers for 2 years. For customers, we retain personal information for as long as you have a customer relationship with us or as long as needed to provide you with our software and services, and thereafter as set forth in our service agreement with you.
In some cases, we retain personal information longer if doing so is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or collect fees owed, or is otherwise permitted or required by applicable law, rule, or regulation. Upon disposal, we will destroy or render unreadable any such personal information. Afterwards, we retain some information in a depersonalized or aggregated form but not in a way that would identify you personally.
Choices Regarding Your Personal Information
At InfinityQS, we are committed to giving you a choice, whenever possible, as to how we use your information. You can always change your preferences by clicking the Unsubscribe link in the emails we send or by contacting us directly through one of the channels described in this Privacy Policy.
You can control use of your personal information in the following ways:
Access data—You can request to see or receive a copy of the personal information InfinityQS maintains about you and request a copy of such personal information in electronic form at no charge.
Rectification of data—If you believe that any personal information we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, you can request that we correct, update, or supplement such data.
Erasure—You can request that we erase some or all of your personal information from our systems. Please note that if you request the deletion of information required to provide software or services to you, you may lose access to those products or services.
For all requests for data changes and deletions, please visit our Data Privacy Help (/about/legal/data-privacy-help-request) page. We will fulfill your request within 30 days.
EU Personal Data
If you are located in the EU, United Kingdom, Liechtenstein, Norway, or Iceland, you may have additional rights under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) related to your personal data, as described below. InfinityQS will be the controller of your personal data.
In addition to the rights described in the section above, you have additional rights with respect to your personal information, and InfinityQS has provided processes to ensure that your data is accurate and up-to-date.
Portability—You can ask for a copy of your personal information in a machine-readable format. You can also request that we transmit the data to another controller where technically feasible.
Withdrawal of Consent—If we are processing your personal information based on your consent (as indicated at the time of collection of such data), you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note, however, that if you exercise this right, you may have to provide express consent on a case-by-case basis for the use or disclosure of certain personal information, if such use or disclosure is necessary to enable you to utilize some or all of our products or services.
Objection—You can contact us to let us know that you object to the further use or disclosure of your personal information for certain purposes, such as for marketing purposes.
Restriction of Processing—You can ask us to restrict further processing of your personal information. You also have the right to lodge a complaint about InfinityQS’ practices with respect to your personal information with the supervisory authority of your country or EU Member State.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. As a result, InfinityQS uses a number of generally accepted industry standard measures to protect against loss or unauthorized access to the personal information that we have received. These measures include administrative policies and procedures, as well as technical safeguards. Unfortunately, no method of transmission over the internet or method of electronic storage is completely secure. As a result, although InfinityQS strives to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, it cannot guarantee its absolute security.
In the unlikely event that an unauthorized individual has acquired, or we reasonably believe an unauthorized individual has acquired, personal information from us and applicable law requires notification, InfinityQS will notify the affected customers of that breach. We will provide such notice promptly, although notification may be delayed if InfinityQS or any law enforcement agency determines that notification would hinder an investigation.
If you have questions about security on our website, you may email us at marketing@InfinityQS.com.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. If we change our Privacy Policy in any material way, we will notify you here or by posting a notice on our home page, www.InfinityQS.com.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this privacy policy or our privacy practices, please either send an email to marketing@InfinityQS.com or contact us by mail at the following address or by phone at the number listed below:
InfinityQS International, Inc.
12601 Fair Lakes Circle, Suite 250
Fairfax, VA 22033
Phone: +1-(703) 961-0200
Effective Date: September 9, 2019
Take the first step from quality to excellence
REQUEST A RISK-FREE TRIAL
CONTACT AN EXPERT
REQUEST A DEMO
Take the Next Steps
CONTACT US REQUEST A DEMO RISK-FREE TRIAL