http://www.cheminnovation.com/legal/privacy.asp
Chem 4-D
Nomenclator
Module
NameExpert Module
Chem4D
DB Module
Download
Trial
Pricing
/ Order
Privacy Philosophy
cheminnovation.com believes that online
privacy is crucial for the ongoing success of the Internet as a service,
commercial and entertainment medium. We collect personal information from
you primarily to make using the ChemInnovation Software, Inc. services easier and more
satisfying. In registering for certain services offered by ChemInnovation Software, Inc.
you may be asked to provide your name, mailing address, e-mail address,
zip code, gender and other information about you and what you do and don't
like. We request this information from you so that we can provide you
with the personalized service necessary to meet our goal of making our
sites a valuable service to you! However, unless you designate otherwise,
the personally identifiable information you provide will be known only
to you and to ChemInnovation Software, Inc... It will always be your choice to provide
this infomation to ChemInnovation Software, Inc. affiliates. If others want this information,
including your name or your email address, we will provide it only if
you give us permission to do so.
From time to time, ChemInnovation Software, Inc. may introduce
new products and services to our users. To the extent these new products
and services affect this policy, this online policy will be updated.
What information does ChemInnovation Software, Inc.
gather/track and how is it used?
Information gathered online can generally be categorized
as either anonymous or personally identifiable. Anonymous information
is information that cannot be traced back to a specific individual.
For example, ChemInnovation Software, Inc. knows how many web surfers have visited our
sites on a given day, but we do not know the names, e-mail addresses or
gender of the people visiting us.
Personally identifiable information is
information you provide that lets us know specific facts about you so
that we can deliver to you a specific service or product you have
requested. This information can include your name, address, zip code,
age, etc.
Gathering and Use of Anonymous Information
Each time a visitor comes to an ChemInnovation Software, Inc.
Web site, we collect some information from the visit to improve the overall
quality of the online experience, including product monitoring, product
improvement, and targeted advertising. At the ChemInnovation Software, Inc. Web sites,
we collect the visitor's domain name (e.g. whether the user is logged
on from aol.com or cerfnet.net), referral data (e.g., we record the address
of the last URL a user visited prior to clicking through to an ChemInnovation Software, Inc.
Web site), and browser and platform type (e.g., an Internet explorer browser
on a NT platform).
In addition to collecting these types of
information, ChemInnovation Software, Inc. collects aggregate queries for internal reporting
and targeted advertising. We also count, track, and aggregate the visitor's
activity into our analysis of general traffic flows at our sites (e.g.
tracking where traffic comes from, how traffic flows within the ChemInnovation Software, Inc.
properties, etc.). To these ends, we may merge information about you into
group data, which may then be shared on an aggregated basis with our advertisers;
but ChemInnovation Software, Inc. will not disclose your individual identity or personal
data without your permission. When ChemInnovation Software, Inc. does present aggregated
information to outside companies, no one will be able to identify or contact
you.
When appropriate, users will be given the
opportunity to receive information from third-party organizations in connection
with services or events offered by ChemInnovation Software, Inc.. This option may be
made available through a ChemInnovation Software, Inc. Web site registration and/or through
registration processes maintained by a participating third party. In all
cases, you will be informed before you register for the event or service
that a third party will be receiving the registration information you
provide and you will have the option not to participate in any
service or event that requires third party involvement.
Use Of ChemInnovation Software, Inc. Cookies
ChemInnovation Software, Inc. Web sites use cookies to track traffic
flow and patterns of travel within and through the sites. Cookies are
a standard Internet technology that allow us to both store and retrieve
login information on a user's system. Our Web server automatically asks
a new user whether his or her browser will agree to accept an ChemInnovation Software, Inc.
cookie file. If a visitor accepts, our Web server will identify the user's
cookie for ChemInnovation Software, Inc.s use in internal reporting. If a user accepts
an ChemInnovation Software, Inc. cookie, but would later like to remove it from his or
her computer, he or she can just remove it from their browser.
Demographic Information
When we do present information to our advertisers,
it is in the form of grouped statistics compiled from our users' answers
to survey questions and on-site behavior. ChemInnovation Software, Inc. will not disclose
the contact or demographic information of any individual user to advertisers
or any other outside organization without the express permission of the
individual.
User Research
On occasion, ChemInnovation will make available to
potential advertisers and research firms aggregated results from research
it has conducted on its user base. Once again, ChemInnovation will only provide
such demographic information on an aggregated basis and does not disclose
individual member profiles without user consent.
Special Policy With Regards to Information
from Children Under Thirteen
In accordance with the Federal Children's Online
Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), ChemInnovation Software, Inc. will never knowingly
request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age
of 13 without parental consent. When we do receive information (with parental
consent) from users under the age of 13, we will never voluntarily share
their personally identifiable information with third parties, regardless
of their stated preference given at registration.
Product areas | Enterprise
Solution | Desktop Products |
Contact us | Support
| Order
Privacy policy | Terms
of use