http://www.coford.ie/privacy/
By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our privacy policy page.Close
Privacy
You are here: Home  Privacy
You are here: Home  Privacy
Privacy Statement
This statement relates to COFORD's privacy practices in connection with its websites. COFORD is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of any other websites.
Collection and use of personal information
Apart from the registration of customers, COFORD does not collect any personal data about you on its websites. Any personal information that you volunteer to COFORD (for example by registering for electronic services provided by COFORD) will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality, strictly in accordance with the Data Protection Act, 1988, as amended by the Data Protection (Amendment) Act, 2003. Any information that you provide in this way is used by COFORD only in line with the purpose for which you provided it and as governed by the Office of the Data Protection Commissioner.
Collection and use of technical information
Technical details in connection with visits to COFORD's website are logged for statistical and other administrative purposes. No information is collected that could be used by COFORD to identify website visitors. The details logged are confined to the following items:
The IP address of the visitor's web client
The top-level domain name used (for example .ie, .com, .org, .net)
The previous website address from which the visitor reached us, including any search terms used
Clickstream data which shows the traffic of visitors around this website (for example pages accessed and documents downloaded)
The type of web browser used by the website visitor.
COFORD will make no attempt to identify individual visitors, or to associate the technical details listed above with any individual except in the investigation of any inappropriate or malicious use of COFORD's website itself. It is the policy of COFORD never to disclose any technical information in respect of individual website visitors to any third party, unless legally obliged to make such disclosure.
Use of Cookies on our website
COFORD's website uses Google Analytics to help analyse how users use the site. This analytical tool uses 'cookies', which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for COFORD.
COFORD will not (and will not allow any third party) to use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any personally identifiable information of visitors to our site. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifying information from any source as part of our use of the Google statistical analytics tool. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither COFORD nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user.
COFORD will also use a simple cookie to record that a site visitor has acknowledged the use of cookies on this site. This is to prevent the visitor being shown the pop up advisement each time they visit the site but will not collect or store any other information about the visitor.
It is possible to disable the use of cookies in your browser. However, this can affect your browsing experience and some services on this site and others may not function properly, or at all. The procedure for disabling cookies depends on your browser. We have supplied links to several of the more popular browsers for procedures on how to view and disable cookies.
Google Chrome BrowserMicrosoft Internet Explorer Browser Mozilla Firefox Browser Apple Safari Browser Opera Web Browser