http://www.viagenbiotech.com/index.php/privacy_policy/
viagenbiotech
My Account
My Cart
Checkout
Log In
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This website is the responsibility of Viagen Biotech, Inc. Viagen Biotech, Inc. can be contacted by e-mail at viagen@viagenbiotech.com
The following policies apply to www.viagenbiotech.com Viagen Biotech is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any other Web sites that are hyperlinked to or from viagenbiotech.com
Personal Privacy on viagenbiotech.com
You may browse viagenbiotech.com and online products catalog without disclosing any information about yourself. However, registration will expedite all future orders and ensure prompt order processing.
If you wish to order products on this Web site, you will be asked for Contact Information (your name, phone number and e-mail address), Shipping Address, Billing Address, and Method of Payment (either by PO or a Credit Card Number).
Any information provided to us by site visitors in purchase orders and registrations will be used for authorized purposes only. We do not sell or otherwise provide any of this information to mailing list companies or other similar database organizations.
Session tracking and cookies
The product selection and ordering process requires that each Web page recognize and track your session. viagenbiotech.com may use cookies for the purpose of session tracking.
Viagen Biotech does not use cookies or the information obtained through cookies for any purpose unrelated to your actions on viagenbiotech.com Viagen Biotech does not obtain personal information about you (such as your name, address, telephone number) through the use of cookies or any other electronic means via viagenbiotech.com unless you voluntarily supply that information to us through the registration process or other communications.
Ordering
If you wish to order products on viagenbiotech.com, you will be asked for Contact Information (your name, phone number and e-mail address), your Shipping Address, Billing Address and Method of Payment (either a PO number or a Credit Card Number).  Order information will not be used for unauthorized purposes.
Questions or Comments
If you have any questions please contact Viagen Biotech by phone at
1-800-649-3764, or by e-mail at viagen@viagenbiotech.com
DirectPCR Lysis Reagents
Tail
Ear
Cell
Yolk Sac
Proteinase K Powder
Proteinase K Solution
E-Prep Extraction Reagents
Nucleic Acid Staining Solution
DNA Markers
100 BP
1000 BP
More