http://www.umtsworld.com/umts/privacy_page.htm
Home
News
Industry
Technology
Applications
3G Devices
Events
Articles
FAQ
Resources
3G Jobs
History
Links
Downloads
Last Words
Contact Us
UMTS World Web site Privacy Policy
The UMTS World site does not use cookies or web bugs, therefore we cannot track how visitors move within this site.
We do not ask for personal information such as name or address. Should we begin to request such information in the future, we would tell you exactly what we are collecting, and what we will do with it.
We do maintain server logs that tell us what parts of the site are visited, but we do not review individual IP addresses.
If you are worried about your privacy and security (you should be), here are couple of tips and great sites to get the tools that allow you to see how Internet is used to track your surfing and protect your privacy and security:
Think twice before giving out your personal information! Consider: why is it needed, how and where will it be stored and can it be sold or traded. Giving out your mobile number or enabling a calling line identity will potentially expose you to spamming. Opt out of marketing notices. Mobile spam is already a big thing! [more, more, more]
Remember:
Do not open (=delete without reading) e-mail attachments from strangers. Don't open, and immediately delete, cartoons, videos, and similar "good for a laugh" files forwarded by your well-meaning friends.
Check for the closed padlock or key symbol in the browser window when entering your credit card details and other personal information on a Web site. SSL does not provide any assurance that the vendor is trustworthy or that their database of customer information is secure.
Only download software from sites you trust.
Assume all your emails are read by other people.
Use the latest version of your operating system and web browsers.
Remember updates. [Browser check], [Browser check], [Windows update]
Switch off your computer's file and printer sharing
Disable scripting host [more]
Apply security patches to your applications and operating system
Do not keep computers online when not in use
Turn off the computer when you're not using it
Uninstall programs you do not need.
Understand how files are deleted. You might need File Deleters and File Shredders [more]
Beware of social engineering
Know what your browser sends out. Try Cyscape test page or Privacy.net test page.
Learn about temporary Internet files, cache and browser history [IE] saved in your computer. [more].
Also learn about cookies. Download.com has programs to manage them.
Learn about Spyware and Anti-Spyware programs that can remotely monitor keystrokes, Internet activity, window content, capture screens etc. Use Bugnosis from Privacy Foundation to see who's tracking your emails or web browsing. Spybot , Ad-aware from Lavasoft or Pest Patrol are good advertising spyware removal utilities. [more]
Use good (not names or words you'd find in a dictionary) passwords to protect your access, boot up, files and applications. You can't memorize good enough passwords any more, so don't bother. Create long random passwords, and write them down. Store them in your wallet, or in a program like Password Safe. Guard them as you would your cash. Don't let web browsers or your computer store passwords for you. Don't transmit passwords (or PINs) in unencrypted e-mail and web forms. Assume that all PINs can be easily broken, and plan accordingly
Get an antivirus program. Network Associates, Symantec,
F-Secure and others have the tools. Remember regular updates.
Get a firewall! Download.com has several to test.
Consider using encryption programs for communications and file storage! The GNU Privacy Guard is free or Download.com again has several to test. [more on PGPi]
Get the information! Security Focus, Counterpane, CERT site and SANS top 20 are good starting points. More Resources: Inforsyssec, Microsoft, CSRC, Cisecurity
Keep your computer locked up. Back up regularly. Back up to disk, tape, or CD-ROM. Store at least one set of backups off-site (a safe-deposit box is a good place) and at least one set on-site. Remember to destroy old backups; physically destroy CD-R disks.
|
Advertise
|
Support Us
|
Contribute
|
Site Map
|
Legal
|
Privacy
|
About
|
Notes|
Copyright © 1999 - 2005 UMTSWorld.com
email: info@umtsworld.com