http://www.ecoliteracy.org/privacy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policies
The Center for Ecoliteracy respects the privacy of our on-line visitors, subscribers to our email list, and contributors.
We only gather personal data, such as name, address, e-mail address, etc. when voluntarily submitted by a visitor, such as when joining our mailing list, registering for a seminar, or requesting information via email.
No personal information is gathered by visitors to our web site who are just browsing.
Your private information will not be sold, rented, leased, or disclosed in any manner to any person without your prior consent, unless otherwise required by law, or except as may be necessary as part of regulatory compliance.
If you wish to be removed from our mailing/emailing list, please send an email to info@ecoliteracy.org
Donor Privacy
The Center for Ecoliteracy is committed to honoring our donors' privacy, including protecting any personally identifiable funding information. The Center for Ecoliteracy does not sell, trade, or rent donors' names or addresses, including email addresses, to others. All contact information is used for internal purposes only and is never published. Note that contact information is required by the IRS in relation to contributions but is not made available for public inspection.
If you have questions about this donor privacy policy, or if you wish to be removed from our mailing/emailing list, please send an email to info@ecoliteracy.org or write to the Center for Ecoliteracy.
Disclaimer
The Center for Ecoliteracy, reserves the right to change this privacy statement at any time. Be sure to check this page periodically for updates.
This web site is produced by the Center for Ecoliteracy.  Everything on this web site is provided AS IS and without warranty of any kind. We have made every effort to offer current, correct and clearly expressed information as possible.  Inadvertent errors do occur due to being human and changes will be made periodically when any error is brought to our attention.
By providing this web site, the Center for Ecoliteracy shall not be held liable, or undertake any responsibility whatsoever, for the content of linked sites, messages, articles, etc.
Copyright
All content, design, and material on this web site is copyright Center for Ecoliteracy, and may not be republished without written permission.
Requests for republications can be sent to publications@ecoliteracy.org
We welcome your comments or questions!
Center for Ecoliteracy
at The David Brower Center
2150 Allston Way, Suite 270
Berkeley, CA 94704-1377
http://www.ecoliteracy.org/privacy-policies
Donate
Support Education for Sustainable Living
Ecoliteracy in your Inbox!
Get ideas, inspiration, and knowledge to help you teach and model sustainable living in your school
community.
We never sell or share your private information.
Sign up
No thanks