http://www.sws.org/About-SWS/privacy-policy.html
Wetland Science and Practice
Contribute to an upcoming issue
Join
Privacy Policy
The Society of Wetland Scientists (SWS) respects the privacy of its members and other visitors to its web site. SWS strongly believes that if electronic commerce and online activities are to flourish, consumers must be assured that information provided online is used responsibly and appropriately. To protect online privacy, SWS has implemented the following policy.
What Information Does SWS Collect?Most data SWS collects is used only to help us better serve our members. It is our general policy to collect and store only personal information that our members and visitors knowingly provide. If our privacy policies change, we will notify all users by e-mail or a special announcement placed on the web site.
From General Users. SWS does not collect any personal information from users browsing its web site. Only aggregate data -- such as the number of hits per page -- are collected. Aggregate data are only used for internal and marketing purposes and do not provide any personally identifying information.
From SWS's Members, Conference Registrants, and Other Customers. To gain access to members-only resources and personalization features on www.sws.org and other areas members and other users are asked to register and provide some limited information. This information is submitted voluntarily. SWS asks users to provide their name, member number (for members), organization name, business phone, and e-mail. Similar information may be submitted to SWS through membership applications, conference or event registration, publication orders, and subscriptions., Additionally, for some e-mails sent in HTML format by SWS to its members through its listservs and electronic newsletters, we will collect specific information regarding what the recipient does with that email. For those emails, SWS will monitor whether a recipient subsequently clicks through to links provided in the message. Other information collected through this tracking feature includes: email address of a user, the date and time of the user's "click," a message number, name of the list from which the message was sent, tracking URL number and destination page. SWS only uses this information to enhance its products and distribution of those products to its members. This information is not sold or distributed in any other manner.
How Does SWS Use Data Collected?SWS uses information voluntarily submitted by members and other customers in the following ways:
SWS Member Services and Products. Generally, SWS and its direct subsidiaries use data collected to improve its own web content; to respond to visitors' interests, needs and preferences; and to develop new products and services.
Disclosures to Third Parties. On occasion, SWS may also provide limited data to third parties that offer products and services. These limited data include names, job titles, companies and business addresses, but do not include business phone numbers, business fax numbers or e-mail addresses.
Consent to Use Personal Information. For the purposes of the Data Protection Act(s) 1984 and 1998 (as applicable), SWS or its agents must store, host and otherwise process the information (including personal data) supplied by the User when registering for this Web site. SWS may send such dta outside the European Economic Area for processing. If you reside in the European Union, please indicate your consent that the personal information you have provided may be transferred and stored in countries outside of the EU, including the United States. User supplies as defined above when registering for the Web site in order to allow SWS (or its designated agents) to use the information to send the User unsolicited direct mail advertisements, promotions, and solicitations for third parties' products and services.
Credit Card Account Information. SWS does not disclose credit card account information provided by its members and customers. When members and customers choose to pay using their credit cards, SWS submits the information needed to obtain payment to the appropriate clearinghouse.
How Does SWS Use Cookies?Cookies are files that contain information created by a web server that can be stored on a User's hard disk for use either during a particular session ("per-session" cookie) or for future use ("persistent" cookie). SWS uses cookies only to facilitate automated activity, store and track passwords, determine appropriate solicitations, and review navigation patterns. Cookies are not used to disseminate significant information about Users over the Internet or to analyze any information that Users have knowingly or unknowingly provided. When a user registers, the system will ask whether the user approves of the attachment of a cookie. Users may instruct their Internet browsers to opt out of accepting a "persistent" cookie and rather accept only a "per-session" cookie, but will need to login each time they visit the site to enjoy the full benefits. If the user declines the attachment of any cookie, the user may not have access to the full benefits of the website. Registration enables the site to better determine members' interest areas and provide the most relevant information.
What Privacy Issues Arise With Links To Other Sites?This web site contains links to other web sites. SWS has no control over and is not responsible for the privacy policies or content of such sites.
What Means Of Redress Are Available?If any user suspects SWS has handled its personal information in a manner that does not comply with this privacy statement, please contact us by e-mailing to membership@sws.org.
Comment Letter on new NWP Rule
Announcing: New Society of Wetland Scientists 40th Anniversary Award
Fire in Paradise: Declaration of World Scientists
Passing of a Leader in Wetland Policy Development
Read More!
We're an international membership organization of more than 3,000 wetland professionals dedicated to fostering sound wetland science, education, and management.
Join Us!
SWS 2020 Virtual MeetingDecember 1-3, 2020
Learn more!
Share knowledge and make connections on our Forum.
Share!