http://www.inside-performance.com/terms-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
PAYMENT AND DELIVERY POLICY
RETURNS AND REFUNDS
Application of these Conditions
These Terms and Conditions apply to use of this Website (www.inside-performance.com) and of the linked website (insideperformance.learnupon.com) for delivery of our online courses, and are the terms and conditions on which Inside Performance™ will supply any of the Courses or Products to you and by proceeding further and/or placing an Order you (the customer) agree to be bound by the Conditions. If you do not agree to be bound by the conditions herein, please contact us directly to discuss your booking.
Terms of Service
This website is owned and operated by Inside Performance Limited. Please review the terms before using this website. By using this website you acknowledge that you have read and agreed to these terms listed within this page.
Terminology
In these terms of use, the expressions "we", "us" and "our" are a reference to Inside Performance Limited, unless the context dictates otherwise. The expression "eLearning Dashboard" refers to the linked website (insideperformance.learnupon.com) used for the delivery of our online courses. Our courses may be delivered as "open courses" on specific dates in person or "online courses" delivered through the eLearning Dashboard.
Information
The material on this website may change without notice so we recommend that you check our website for changes before acting upon material previously obtained from this website. While we provide the material in good faith, we accept no responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, suitability for your intended use or timeliness of it. You accept that any material provided by us is general in nature and does not constitute advice. We recommend that you obtain professional advice before relying on or using such material.
Website Links
This website may contain links to other websites operated by parties that are not associated with us ("third parties"). These links have been provided solely for you to obtain further information about other relevant products and organisations in the market. We have no control over the information on these sites or the products or services on them and therefore make no representations regarding the accuracy or suitability of such information, services, or products. We recommend that you make your own enquiries in relation to third parties described or linked on this website. Inclusion of a link to a third party website should not be seen as our endorsement of that party's website. By linking to sites operated by third parties, we are not authorising the reproduction of any material on such websites, as such material may be the subject of intellectual property rights.
Intellectual Property Rights
We are the owner or licensed user of the copyright and other intellectual property rights in the material on this website and the eLearning Dashboard website. You may not reproduce, adapt, upload, link, frame, broadcast, distribute or in any way transmit the material on either website without our written consent, other than to the extent necessary to view the material or as permitted by law. Title to anything ordered by you does not pass to you.
If you download any course material from either site, all the material and data are deemed to be licensed to you by Inside Performance, for your personal, non-commercial use only. Inside Performance does not transfer either the title or the intellectual property rights of the course and Inside Performance retains full and complete title to the courses as well as all the intellectual property rights therein. You may not sell, redistribute or reproduce or convert any of the material.
Alterations
We reserve the right to amend these terms of use (including our Privacy Policy), the Licence and the goods and services available via this website from time to time without notice. Amendments will be effective immediately upon updating this website. It is your responsibility to check regularly to see if any changes have been made to these Terms and Conditions. Your continued use of the website following such notification will represent an agreement by you to be bound by the terms of use as amended. Changes related to our Delivery Policy and Returns & Refunds, will apply to any subsequent orders received. Inside Performance reserve the right to modify or withdraw this Website at any time without liability.
Security
You must take your own precautions to ensure that the process which you employ for accessing this website (or any linked website) and any goods or services available from it do not expose you to the risk of viruses, malicious computer code or other forms of interference which may damage your own computer system.
You acknowledge that despite all reasonable precautions on our part, there is a risk of unauthorised access to or alteration of your transmissions or data or of information contained on your computer system or on this website. We do not accept responsibility or liability of any nature for any such losses which you may sustain as a result of such activity.
Disclaimer
Except in relation to liability that cannot be lawfully excluded, we do not accept responsibility for any loss or damage, however caused (including through negligence), which you may directly or indirectly suffer in connection with your use of this website or any linked website, nor do we accept any responsibility for any such loss arising out of your use of or reliance on information contained on or accessed through this website.
Your Account
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password chosen by you when you register on the Website or the eLearning Dashboard, and for restricting access to your computer and/or email address to prevent unauthorised access to your account.
Privacy
Please read our Privacy Policy to understand how your personal information will be treated when you use this website.
Queries
Please Contact Us if you have any questions relating to these Terms and Conditions or orders made on www.inside-performance.com
Description and Availability
We take all reasonable measures to ensure that details, measurements and descriptions of Courses and Products given on our website are as accurate and complete as possible but there may be variations between these and the Courses and Products themselves. All Courses and Products are subject to availability.
Price
The cost of your Order will be the price of the Course(s)/Product(s) ordered plus the appropriate delivery charge. Please note that all prices on the Inside Performance Website are for on-line purchases only. Due to circumstances beyond our control prices may have to be altered, including any variations in the rate of VAT. If this occurs you will be notified and requested to reconfirm your Order at the altered price. By notifying you (the customer), Inside Performance shall be entitled to cancel any Contract in whole or in part to the extent that it is for the purchase of a Course/Product the price of which was stated incorrectly on the Website.
VAT/Sales Tax
We do not charge VAT on purchases where the place of supply is the UK. We are registered for VAT Mini One Stop Shop (MOSS) since our online courses are classed as Digital Services and therefore all consumer sales within the EU (outside the UK) will be charged at the local sales tax rate based on the place of supply.
Placing an Order
All Orders are subject to acceptance by Inside Performance and are subject to availability. After placing an Order, You will receive an email from Inside Performance acknowledging that we have received the order. Please note that this does not mean that the order has been accepted. Any order made constitutes an offer to Inside Performance to buy a Course or Product. All orders are subject to acceptance by Inside Performance and confirmed by dispatching an email that confirms that the order has been accepted in the case of courses and/or dispatched (the “Dispatch Notice”) in the case of products. The Contract is formed between customer and Inside Performance when the Acceptance/Dispatch Notice is received by you (the customer).
Deposits
Deposits for courses are non-refundable. In the case of payment schemes, the deposit is deemed to be the first payment. Deposits can be transferred to a later course. This is subject to a £50.00 administration fee and is a once only transfer. Please refer to Returns and Refunds for full details.
Payment
Payment in full must have been received and accepted as cleared funds before dispatch of the Product, dispatch of any materials related to Courses or securing of your place on a Course. Payment may be made by debit or credit card payments.
For open courses, payment in full must have been received and accepted as cleared funds 60 days prior to the start of the training course booked.  Delegates who have not paid in full will be refused access to the course booked. Any invoices overdue will be subject to daily interest in accordance with the Late Payment Act.
Online payments through PayPal, cash, debit cards and cheque payments are all accepted with no additional charge.
Payment Plans
For certain courses you will have the option of paying by installments. The terms are that you will pay for the course with 4 equal payments, with a first payment on the day you place your order, followed by 3 payments on the same date for the next 3 months. For example if you placed an order and made an initial payment on the 15th Jan you would make the second payment on the 15th Feb. If the next payment date is beyond the end of the month then the due date will be the last day of the month. You will require a PayPal account to pay in this way. The first payment is deemed to be the deposit (see above).
It is your responsibility to ensure that the required payments are made in accordance with the payment plan. Any failure to make payment of an installment in accordance with these terms, then Inside Performance reserve the right to:
withdraw you from the payment plan and any remaining course fees will become immediately due and payable in full; and/or
charge daily interest on any overdue amount in accordance with the Late Payment Act; and/or
suspend or withdraw access to any online course and any associated materials; and/or
prohibit attendance at any open training courses with outstanding fees; and/or
cancel or withhold any certification or CPD awards and inform the relevant institutes and professional bodies with whom you are registered; and/or
charge a £100 administrative fee for any payments overdue by 72 hours.
Delivery of Products
Free delivery to UK. Your order will be sent out via Royal Mail (or its equivalent) recorded delivery and will need to be signed for. Deliveries are estimated to take approx 3 working days from dispatch (excluding Weekends). Unfortunately we cannot deliver on a bank holiday. In this instance please expect your delivery on the next working day. Order tracking is not available for Royal Mail deliveries, so please wait the full 3 working days for your delivery to arrive and contact us after this point. When you place an order, we suggest you have it delivered to a work address rather than a home address, as our couriers only deliver between 9am and 5pm, and may require a signature on receipt. If you are not around to take delivery of your parcel, you will be left a calling card telling you how you can pick up your goods.
International shipping is charged and based on standard Royal mail ‘International Signed for’ and ‘Airmail’ prices (or its equivalent). Shipping will be calculated when the delivery destination has been given via the most suitable carrier, depending on size and weight and will be shown before payment on the order summary. Estimated delivery timescales for International Signed For™ with Airmail delivery is within three working days to Western Europe, four working days to Eastern Europe and five working days for the rest of the world. Any customs or import duties are charged once the parcel reaches its destination country. These charges must be paid by the recipient of the parcel. We have no control over these charges and cannot predict what, if any, they may be. Customs policies vary widely from country to country; you may want to contact your local customs office for further information. Once your parcel has arrived in your country, it will be passed on to an internal postal service, according to standard delivery procedures. If you aren't available when your parcel is delivered, the delivery driver will leave a calling card with instructions on how to pick it up. Inside Performance does not accept responsibility for the delivery of goods by Royal Mail or other delivery service.
Access to Online Courses
We will endeavour to allow uninterrupted access to your eLearning course material, but access to the courses may be suspended, restricted or terminated at any time. We take no responsibility for the impact of such disruptions to the service. We reserve the right to change, modify, substitute or remove without notice any information in the material from time to time. The product details for each online course will specify the expiry date for the course you have purchased. Typically this is a period of time e.g. 6 months from the date of purchase.
Vouchers
Vouchers are only issued with individual purchases, at the recommended retail price. No vouchers are issued in conjunction with any special offers or multiple orders.
Early Bookings - Open Courses
Early Booking Prices (EBP) are sometimes available up to 90 days prior to the course start date. Any outstanding payments made after the 90 day period will be subject to additional charges. These charges will be the addition of the difference between the EBP and the standard list price, at time of booking, on the remainder of the amount outstanding.
Returns/Replacements - Products
No return or refund is available on audio or DVD products that are opened or seal has been broken. In all cases, the items returned must be in their original condition. Products may only be returned if found to be faulty or damaged. All goods will be inspected on return and replacement only available on goods that are deemed to be faulty or damaged.
No refund is available on downloadable products unless the download is incomplete, damaged or unsuitable for purpose. This includes but is not limited to mp3, mp4 audio files or DVD visuals. If a product fails to download, please Contact Us and we will arrange for your product to be downloaded via alternative means if necessary. Inside Performance accepts no responsibility for failed downloads due to the customer broadband service being unsuitable. Please check with your service provider to ensure capability before attempting to purchase or download a product.
We want all our customers to receive top quality goods so if you think there is a fault with an item you have received, please let us know straight away by contacting us. We will aim to resolve any issue with a faulty item as quickly as possible but we need you to tell us as soon as you discover the fault so we can resolve the issue for you. Please include as many details as possible about the order and the problem with the goods and we will get an alternative sorted out for you.
Any refunds will be given minus the original administration charge incurred by Inside Performance through the customer’s original card transaction charged at 2.75% for all credit cards. The goods and postage are your responsibility until they reach Inside Performance. We recommend you use a postal service that insures you for the value of the goods you are returning.
Please send your returned goods to:
Inside Performance The Office 20 Balaclava Road Surbiton Surrey KT6 5PN
Incorrect/Missing Item
If you have received an incorrect or are missing an item in your order, let us know straight away by contacting us.
Incorrect Orders
When ordering a place on an Inside Performance Course, please take care to select the correct date and location of the course before purchasing. Please take special care to know whether you are eligible to take the course and have any requisite certifications necessary. These are brought to your attention when selecting the Course and adding it to your basket. If you have placed an incorrect order, please contact us. Any Course transfers or Course/Product refunds will be subject to the "Returns/Replacements – Products" conditions, "Cancellation – Online Courses/Digital Content" conditions, and "Cancellation and Postponement – Open Courses" conditions outlined above and below.
Cancellation - Online Courses/Digital Content
If you access or download digital content or services within 14 days you will waive your cancellation rights. This means that online courses purchased, cannot be cancelled or refunded once you have entered the course online, and may not be transferred to other individuals. This also applies to any digital downloads purchased from this site.
For online courses purchased on a payment plan (i.e. paying by installments) then any cancellation after entering the course online, will mean that any remaining course fees will become immediately due and payable in full. You will be subject to the terms described in the "Payment and Delivery Policy: Payment Plans" for failing to make payments in accordance with the payment terms.
If you have incorrectly placed an order for items which you are not eligible (as detailed in the product description), then any refund may be subject to a £10 administration fee.
Cancellation and Postponement - Open Courses
'Open' courses includes any course delivered in person, face-to-face with Inside Performance trainers, of any duration, in any specified venue.
Inside Performance reserves the right to cancel any course, any time up to two weeks prior the start of the course if there are insufficient numbers attending. In the unlikely event of this happening, all delegates will be informed in writing and offered a full refund of the amount paid to Inside Performance Limited or the option of free transfer onto a later programme.
If, for any reason you intend to cancel your booking, you must notify us, in writing within the time limits outlined below, and the following cancellation charges will apply:
A. Cancellation of the programme
1. Within 42 days of the course starting – 100% of course fee plus the costs of any additional learning materials inc P & P on items already received and not included in the course price.
2. Prior to 42 days of the course starting, 50% of the course total* OR a substitute delegate can be provided (subject to signing the Delegate Agreement Forms) subject to £100.00 administration charge for the transfer. This does not apply to courses that have previously been postponed or transferred. If additional pre-learning materials are required, these will be charged at the standard rate plus P & P.
* If cancelling the face to face aspect of Option Three of our online programmes, the amount due is 50% of the balance remaining minus the RRP of the online aspect of the programme. Substitute places are not permissible with online/blended learning approaches.
B. Postponement of the course to a later date
If you are unable to attend for whatever reason but wish to transfer your place to a course starting at a later date, the following terms and conditions apply:
1. If you are postponing within 42 days of the start of the course, there will be a charge levied based on the costs of the delegate rate as charged to Inside Performance by the hosting venue for your booked place, and subject to a £100 administration charge for the transfer. The delegate costs will be based on the day rate x the amount of days of the course, for example: £80 per day x 9 days Sport Practitioner = £720 charge. We will endeavour to minimise this charge, however as we offer a premium venue, places are confirmed and paid for by Inside Performance 42 days in advance.
2. If you are postponing more than 42 days prior to the start of the course, the place is transferred without penalty, subject to a £150.00 administration fee and is a once only transfer.
3. Postponement of a course booked under any discounted offer then the above applies, and in addition, you will be required to pay the difference between the discounted rate and the list price at the time of postponement.
C. Postponement due to sickness
If you are unable to attend due to sickness the same terms and conditions apply as in points B.1. and B.2. We will endeavour to minimise this charge, however as we offer a premium venue, places are confirmed and paid for by Inside Performance 42 days in advance.
If you are concerned about an on-going illness or disability that may result in your inability to attend, please let us know in advance and we will work with you and the venue to keep any additional costs due to non-attending to a minimum.
D. Force Majeure
If, due to unforeseeable circumstances such as weather, acts of terrorism, transport and travel problems, natural disasters or anything that stop the delegate from attending the training and are outside the control of Inside Performance Consulting Ltd, then delegates will not be entitled to a refund in part or whole. In this instance, delegates should refer to point B.1 where a postponement option will be offered, on the basis of any costs incurred by Inside Performance being charged to and paid by the delegate. We will endeavour to keep this any charges in this instance to an absolute minimum.
If you are concerned about potential cancellation charges, we offer optional Cancellation Charge Cover for an additional £250 so that in the event of you being unable to attend at the last moment, any cancellation fees will be waived.
Change of Venue
Inside Performance reserves the right to change the venue for any open courses, within a reasonable distance from the original advertised, any time up to two weeks prior the start of the course.
Dissatisfaction with an Open Course
If after attending the first day of training on an open course, you consider that you are not being taught what has been advertised you are entitled to make a claim in writing, to Inside Performance, stating your reasons of dissatisfaction. If your claims are substantiated you will be refunded any monies you have paid. Please inform your trainer at the end of day one that you will not be returning the following day. All pre-learning materials must be returned at the end of day one, in their original state, otherwise the cost of materials will be deducted from the refunded amount.
Responsibility - Open Courses
Inside Performance reserves the right to refuse access to courses for anyone using threatening, sexist, racist or homophobic behaviour – physical or verbal, under the influence of alcohol or drugs or is deemed to be a threat to themselves or others in any way. The person using such behaviour will be excluded from the remainder of the programme (unless it is agreed by all parties involved that the person may return), without refund, transfer of place or compensation.
Anyone with a history of physical or mental health issues that may influence their safety or the safety of others during the courses are requested to inform Inside Performance in confidence, prior to the course starting. This enables Inside Performance to provide a safe, friendly and enjoyable environment for all delegates on the course, and will not be used to exclude any person from any/all aspects of the programme. Any information disclosed to Inside Performance will remain confidential at all times. Failure to disclose this information is taken at the individuals risk and neither Inside Performance nor any of its employees will be held responsible for the actions and behaviours of individuals who fail to disclose such issues.
Personal safety and the safety of possessions during the course are of your own responsibility. Inside Performance or any of the training venues used by Inside Performance do not accept any responsibility for personal items that are lost or stolen whilst attending a training programme. In the unlikely event of an accident, or loss or damage to my personal effects, Inside Performance will not be liable for any direct or indirect loss, damage or injury arising from or in connection with the course (except in instances of death or personal injury proven by law to be caused by Inside Performance negligence) and all and any claims against Inside Performance in this respect shall be waived.
Certification on any course requires that delegates cover 100% of the course syllabus. Therefore, full attendance on all courses is required. It is understandable that absence due to unforeseen or exceptional circumstances may occur, and where possible, Inside Performance will accommodate for delegates who miss up to one day if there is an option to cover missed material. Where this is not possible or if more than one day is missed, participation on the course will no longer be allowed and delegates will be given the option to transfer onto the same course in the future, subject to the stated postponement fees and costs. This is subject to a £50 administration fee.
Delegates may only be certified by Inside Performance as an NLP Master Practitioner, Master Practitioner level Time Line Therapy and Advanced Hypnosis upon successful completion of the NLP Master Practitioner course and must be qualified as an NLP Practitioner from an approved NLP training company (with a valid certificate). Delegates are responsible for having the correct level of training required prior to completing the NLP Master Practitioner course and be able to produce valid NLP Practitioner certifications if requested. If delegates are unable to provide evidence of required Practitioner certifications they may complete the NLP Master Practitioner course but will not be certified to this level at the end of the course and will not be refunded.
Call Back?