http://www.ecosimpro.com/cookie-policy
Cookie Policy
Information from EA on the use of cookies on our website
What are cookies?
Cookies are files that websites or applications install on your browser or device (smartphone, tablet or connected TV) as you navigate the pages of the website or application, and serve to store information about your visit. Using cookies enables optimizing your browsing, adapting the information and services offered to your interests, to provide you with a better experience each time you visit the site. This website uses cookies to make functional, adapt and facilitate as much as possible your browsing.
Types of cookies:
Technical cookies: the most elementary one, they allow knowing whether a human or an automated application is browsing, whether the browsing is being done by an anonymous or registered user, basic tasks for the functioning of any dynamic website.
Analysis cookies: these collect information on the type of browsing being done, which section are used the most, products consulted, the time periods of use, language, etc
Advertising cookies: these display advertising in terms of your browsing, country, language, etc.
Cookies used on this website
Like most Internet websites, this site uses cookies to:
Ensure that the website pages can function correctly.
Store preferences, such as the choice of language or font size.
Track the user’s browsing experience.
Acceptance of our cookie policy
Empresarios Agrupados assumes that you accept its use of cookies. Nevertheless, we display information on our Cookie policy at the tope of any page of the website at the begining of your session for your information.
Disabling cookies
If you wish, you may stop accepting browser cookies or stop accepting cookies from a given service in particular.
You can limit, block or erase the cookies of Empresarios Agrupados or any other webpage using your browser. This is done differently in each browser, and its Help function will show you how to do it.
Internet Explorer: windows.microsoft.com/es-xl/internet-explorer/delete-manage-cookies#ie=ie-10
FireFox: support.mozilla.org/es/kb/Borrar%20cookies
Chrome: support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=es
Safari: www.apple.com/es/privacy/use-of-cookies/
If you disable the use of cookies on this website, it is likely that you will no longer be able to access certain areas of the site or your browsing experience will be significantly affected.
Additional guarantees and revocation of acceptance
Empresarios Agrupados is not responsible for the content and accuracy of the privacy policies of third party components included on this website. As an additional safeguard, the register of cookies on this website may be subject to the acceptance of cookies by the user during the visit to the website, or the installation or updating of the browser used. This acceptance may be revoked at any time through the available content and privacy settings options.
Updating of our cookies policy
Empresarios Agrupados may modify this cookies policy depending on legislative requirements, regulations, or in order to adapt said policy to instructions issued by the Spanish Agency for Data Protection. Users are therefore recommended to view this policy on a regular basis.
To improve our services, we use cookies (own and third parties authorized). If you keep visiting the website, we assume you accept their use. You can obtain further information, or check how to change your browser configuration, in our cookie policy.Accept