http://www.rsmeans.com/privacy
Home
Privacy
Privacy Policy
The Gordian Group, Inc. (hereafter known as Gordian) is committed to maintaining the privacy and confidentiality of information received during the course of visits to our websites (www.eziqc.com, www.egordian.com, www.gordian-group.com, www.TheGordianGroup.com, https://progen.egordian.com, www.jocinfo.com, www.RSMeans.com, and www.RSMeansOnline.com) by our clients and other visitors. This statement sets forth and describes the type of data collection that occurs, how the information is used, whether we disclose it to anyone, and what practices Gordian will follow to protect that information.
Types of Data and Collection Methods Methods:
Actively Submitted Data: When you request information, subscribe to a mailing list or service, or otherwise actively send us data, we usually collect data such as your name, e-mail address(es), mailing address(es), telephone number(s), and certain information related to the business you represent (organization and industry type). You can opt out of providing information by not entering it when asked and, if such information is required in order to allow us to respond to your inquiry, you will receive a notice advising you of this. In each instance, you will know what data we collect through the website because you actively submit it.
Passively Tracked Data: When you visit one of our websites, we also passively track information about your computer and internet connection, such as the IP address of your computer and/or Internet service provider, the date and time you access the website, the Internet address of websites from which you link to our website, the computer technology you are using, and your movements and preferences on our site. We use technology that many other websites employ, including, without limitation, “cookies” or small data files stored on your computer’s hard drive, to collect such information. In some instances, we also use cookies to recognize you as a previous visitor or track your activity on our website. These text files make using our websites more convenient by, among other things, saving your passwords and preferences. You do not need to have cookies turned on to visit our website but if you want to access web pages that require registration, you need to accept a mandatory session cookie, which you can delete after you leave the website.
Disclosure of Information:
Gordian will not sell, trade, or disclose to unaffiliated third parties any individually identifiable customer or visitor information without proper consent. We may share your information as required by law or in the interest of protecting or exercising our or other’s legal rights (i.e. without limitation), in connection with requests from law enforcement officials and in connection with court proceedings. We may share or transfer your information in connection with a prospective or actual sale, merger, transfer or other reorganization of all or parts of our business. Reasonable precaution will be taken during the course of these transactions to insure that information collected is kept secure and confidential.
Security of Information Collected:
Transmissions over the Internet are never 100% secure and error-free. However, we have implemented security measures that we consider reasonable to protect the information you provide under our control from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Please be advised that while we strive to protect your information and privacy, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online.
Effective Dates, Amendments:
This statement is in effect as of June 13, 2008. We reserve the right to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this statement from time to time and in our sole discretion.When you visit any of the existing websites of Gordian you are accepting the current version of this statement as posted on the website at that time. We recommend that users revisit this statement on occasion to learn of any changes.
Limitation of Liability:
Gordian, its affiliates, and its owners assume no liability for any direct, indirect, special, consequential, or punitive damages, including (without limitation) damages for loss of anticipated profits or revenue or other economic loss in conjunction with or arising from any act or omission by Gordian, its employees, agents, affiliates, independent contractors, or unaffiliated third parties as a result of any act or omission in fulfillment or breach of this policy.