http://www.avinet.com/pages/privacy-policy
Research Gear for the Field Biologist
Login /
Register
Search
Shopping Cart
(0)
USD
Research Gear for the Field Biologist
Search
Left
Home
Mist Nets
Mist Nets
Avinet Mist Nets
Japanese Mist Nets
Ecotone Mist Nets
Accessories & Poles
Auxiliary Markers
Auxiliary Markers
Darvic Markers
Celluloid Markers
Striped Celluloid Markers
Acetal Markers
Banding Tools
Books and Publications
Books and Publications
Field Work
Popular, General Interest
Measuring Tools
Optics
Holding Bags
Tissue Sampling
Writing Materials
Gift Cards
Clearance
Login /
Register
USD
Privacy Policy
Avinet Privacy Policy – 5/24/2018
As part of our effort to improve your experience using the Avinet site, we've created a Privacy Policy that describes how your personal information is collected, used, shared, and protected when you make a purchase from www.avinet.com.
What information is collectedWhen you place an order with us, you are invited to log in (optional), so that we can identify who you are. As a new customer, it will be suggested that you register for future identification. The registration page asks you to enter your name, a username, a password, and your email address. You can update this information at any time by clicking on the "my account" link at the top of every page.
We request information from you on our order form. To purchase products from us, you must provide contact information (name, phone number, email and shipping addresses) and financial information (credit card number, expiration date). This information is ONLY used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you. Orders being shipped to customers outside of the United States require name and address information be provided to United States Customs.
Cookies
Our site only uses strictly necessary and functionality cookies that are required for the operation of our site and to recognize you when you return. You can control and/or delete cookies in your computer’s internet options. You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.
How do we use and protect your information?
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our customers. We do not and will never share, disclose, sell, rent, or otherwise provide personal information to other companies. When you place an order through the site, we will maintain your order information only for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information. Your information is only stored and used internally at Avinet to provide you with the products you order. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
We use third party payment processors to assist us in processing and share with them your payment information securely. Such third party processors’ use of your personal information is governed by their respective privacy policies which may or may not contain privacy protections as protective as this privacy policy.
If you are a European resident:
We note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill orders you have placed through the site.
You have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us by phone at 888-284-6387, by email at orders@avinet.com or online (https://www.avinet.com/en/webform/contact-us).
Children
Our website is not intended for use by children under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 18.
Changes to our policyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on May 24, 2018.
Search
Contact Us
About Us
Permit Requirements
Mist Net Information
Auxiliary Marker Information
Request a Quote
Vendor Information
Shipping Information
FAQ Frequently Asked Questions
Return & Exchange Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
© 2020 Avinet Research Supplies.
Theme by Clean Themes. Photo credits:
Bat, chickadee release © BRI - Jonathan Fiely.
Powered by Shopify