http://www.leec.co.uk/privacy
Tel: +44 (0)115 961 6222
Fax: +44 (0)115 961 6680
Home
Â»Introduction to LEEC
Â»History
Â»Factory
Â»Show room & training centre
Â»Feedback
Â»Laboratory Market
Â»Funeral Market
Â»Mortuary Market
Â»Laboratory
Â»Incubators
Â»Humidity Cabinets
Â»Drying Cabinets
Â»Warming Cabinets
Â»Plant Growth & Germination Cabinets
Â»Self-contained Recirculating Coolers Incubator Equipment
Â»Custom Built Rooms
Â»Funeral
Â»Cooling and Body Storage - Funeral Director
Â»Trolleys
Â»Embalming Tools and Equipment
Â»Stretchers - Funeral Supplies
Â»Mortuary
Â»Mortuary Trolleys
Â»Cooling - Hospital
Â»Autopsy
Â»Dissecting
Â»Stainless Steel Products
Â»Anatomy
Â»Anatomy Tables
Â»Cadaver Transportation
Â»Bespoke Thiel & Body Tanks
Â»Crematoriums & Cemeteries
Â»Cremation Chargers
Â»Medical and Pharmaceutical
Â»Disaster Management
Â»Mobile Forensic Mortuary Facility
Â»Histology
Â»Funeral Director Service & Maintenance
Â»Service and Maintenance
Â»Product Registration
Â»Contact Us
Â»Directions
Share
|
Privacy Policy
Privacy policy
LEEC Limited (*Company*) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This is the privacy policy for www.leec.co.uk  (*the Website*).
By using the Website, you consent to the collection, use and transfer of your information under the terms of this policy.
Who has access to your information
The Company has access to your information. For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998, the Company is the data controller and the Company's address is shown on the Company's Contact Us page. The Company owns the data that it collects on the site.
The Company also uses contractors to service the site. Where these contractors require access to personal information, the Company tries to seek assurances that they comply with the DPA and that your information will be kept confidential. They will not use your information except to fulfil their obligations to the Company, and will not use it except in line with this privacy notice.
The Company may have to disclose information about customers to the Company's professional advisers to obtain professional advice.
Location of data
The data that the Company collects from you is stored within the European Union.
Information the Company collects and uses
The Company collects and processes the following data about you:
If you contact the Company, the Company may keep a record of that correspondence.
How the Company uses your data
The Company uses data about you in the following ways:
To provide you with access to parts of the Website.
To allow use to supply the products or services you have requested.
To contact you about your enquiry.
To use and analyse the information the Company collects so that the Company can administer, support, improve and develop the Company's services.
To tell you about important changes or developments to the Website.
To tell you about other products and services which the Company offers which may be of interest to you. The Company only does this if you have agreed to receive this type of information.
To produce statistics about the Company's customers for the Company's advertisers. This information is anonymous and does not identify any individuals. The Company can use these statistics to allow adverts to be targeted at certain types of customers.
Data & password security
All data you provide to the Company is stored on the Company's secure servers. Once the Company has received data from you, the Company uses certain procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Where you have a password, you are responsible for keeping the password confidential. Do not share the password with anyone.
Sending information on the internet is not completely secure. Although the Company does its best to protect your personal data, the Company cannot guarantee the security of the data transmitted to the Website. Any transmission is at your own risk. Unless the Company has been negligent the Company is not liable for any loss arising from a breach of security.
Choice - receiving marketing emails
You can choose to receive promotional and marketing emails from the Company. You can do this by selecting ("I would like to receive further information from time to time"), on the contacts page.
Other websites
This site contains links to other sites. The Company is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Changes to privacy policy
The Company occasionally changes this privacy policy. You should therefore look at the policy regularly.
Privacy Policy
News
Privacy
Terms
Site Map
Web Design
©2020 LEEC. All rights reserved.