http://www.omega.com/en-us/help/security-privacy
text.skipToContent
text.skipToNavigation
Security and Privacy
Help Topics FAQ Security & Privacy Terms and Conditions Export Control Policy Anti-Slavery Statement Conflict Minerals and Responsible Minerals Sourcing Policy Statement RoHS Statement
Security & PrivacyWe want to provide you with a secure online experience. On-line privacy and security is of the greatest importance at OMEGA. We therefore utilize a high level of security provided by Verisign, the leading authority in data encryption. Submitting your order to OMEGA's On-Line Store is only allowed in a secure-mode enabling Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology. This insures that your private & critical information such as your credit card number, your name, company name, addresses, and telephone numbers are encrypted. In addition, our registration with a site identification authority enables positive identification and verification that you have reached OMEGA on-line.If for any reason you are still concerned about the security of your credit card information, or are uncomfortable ordering on-line, please feel free to contact us via telephone or fax to complete your order. See Service & Support for additional information.Although OMEGA On-line is here to offer you another convenient way to order from omega.com we want you to be assured that our sales, engineering, and customer service staff are here to serve you via the best way possible for you - by telephone, fax, email, or electronically.Privacy StatementOMEGA Engineering, Inc. Privacy PolicyThank you for visiting www.omega.com on-line store. You may be assured that the personal information you provide to OMEGA over the internet is treated with utmost care to ensure safety, security and confidentiality.Disclosure: OMEGA does not sell, trade, rent, or otherwise provide customer identifiable information to third parties (except as required by subpoena, search warrant or other legal process). It may, however, provide this information to its affiliated companies in an effort to serve you better.Security: OMEGA has implemented technology, security features and strict policy guidelines to safeguard the privacy of customer information from unauthorized access or improper use. We continue to enhance our security procedures as new technology becomes available.You may send any questions or concerns about your online privacy, to Omega, via the contact us form
en-US
en
Save Configuration