http://www.olympicastronomicalsociety.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
olympicastronomicalsociety.com cares about your confidentiality. That is why we’ve come up with a Privacy Policy that describes how we use, collect, transfer, and store your information. Please take a moment to read it and contact us if you have any questions.
The following privacy notice explains our policy regarding the personal information we collect about you in the process of your cooperation with the website (www.olympicastronomicalsociety.com). It applies to the information we collect about:
Visitors of our website.
People who use our services.
Information we collect as you browse our website
Our web server automatically collects standard information, including your browser type, operating system, and access time. We collect this information in a way that does not identify anyone. We do not make any attempts to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
This information is used only to improve the content of our web pages, to customize it and/or the layout of our pages. We never sell, rent or share any of the information we collect by this method (except anonymous aggregate information) with any third parties.
We use Google Analytics to help us analyze how our website is accessed. This analytical tool uses ‘cookies’, which are text files placed on your computer to collect the standard Internet log information and the visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The data generated by a cookie about your use of the website is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of the website and to compile statistical reports on the website activity. To find out more about cookies, including how to control and delete them, visit www.aboutcookies.org. To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Information we collect when you use our services
We will use your email address to send you notifications considering the most important stages of order fulfillment such as clarification of any issues, unread messages, and order completion.
Your phone number will be used for urgent notifications only.
This information will be used only by our Customer Support Representatives and will not on any condition be disclosed to any third parties; it is never sold, rented or shared.
All the information in the order form, inquiry pages and personal control panel is processed with the use of the SSL-certificate, which guarantees complete confidentiality and safety of all the transactions.
We do not store the credit card details, nor do we share our customers’ personal information with any 3rd parties.
Complaints or queries
We try to meet the highest standards when collecting and using personal information. For this reason, we take any complaints we receive about this issue very seriously. We encourage people to bring it to our attention if they think that our collection or use of information is unfair, misleading or inappropriate. We would also welcome any suggestions for improving our procedures.
This privacy notice was drafted with brevity and clarity in mind. It does not provide exhaustive details of all the aspects of our collection and use of personal details. However, we are happy to provide any additional information or explanation if needed. Access to personal information
We try to be as open as we can in terms of giving people access to their personal information. Individuals can find out if we hold any personal information by making a “subject access request” under the Data Protection Act 1998. If we do hold any details about you, we will:give you a description of it;tell you why we are holding it;tell you who it could be disclosed to;let you have a copy of the information in an intelligible form.
To make a request to us for any personal information, we may require that you address it in writing to our Customer Support Representatives
If you agree, we will try to deal with your request informally, for example, by providing you with the specific information you need over the phone.
If we do hold information about you, you can ask us to correct any mistakes by, once again, contacting Customer Support Representatives.
Links Disclaimer
In order to provide visitors with certain information, this website provides links to local, state and federal government agencies, and websites of other organizations. A link does not constitute an endorsement of the content, viewpoint, accuracy, opinions, policies, products, services, or accessibility of that website. Once you link to another website from this website, including one maintained by the State, you are subject to the terms and conditions of that website, including, but not limited to, its privacy policy.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We keep our Privacy Policy under regular review and will place any updates on this page.
Last updated: May 31, 2017.
Recent Posts
High Quality Academic Writing service
Learn How to Edit a Thesis
Learn How to Proofread
Write My Essay For Me
“Write my essay for me cheap” the best paper writing service is here!