http://www.spintronics-info.com/privacy
Privacy | Spintronics-Info
Skip to main content
Home » Privacy
Article last updated on: May 04, 2017At Spintronics-Info.com, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit Spintronics-Info.com, and how we safeguard your information. We never sell your personal information to third parties.Log FilesAs with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include  your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.Cookies and Web Beacons We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.Google AnalyticsThis website uses Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the site. The tool uses "cookies," which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors' use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for Metalgrass.
<>We will never (and will not allow any third party to) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) of visitors to our site. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither we nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personally Identifiable Information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.
Search form
Search this site:
Popular Stories
Weekly
Monthly
Yearly
New technique enables spin detection using spin filtersUNSW researchers discover that removing random doping in quantum electronic devices dramatically improves their reproducibilityResearchers develop a simple method to manipulate the magnetization angle of magnetiteThe EU funds two new graphene spintronics projectsResearchers show how to transmit high frequency alternating spin currents using antiferromagnetic spintronics devicesNew technique enables spin detection using spin filtersUNSW researchers discover that removing random doping in quantum electronic devices dramatically improves their reproducibilityResearchers develop a simple method to manipulate the magnetization angle of magnetiteThe EU funds two new graphene spintronics projectsThe ERC grants €1.9 million towards a new magnetic spintronics insulators projectNUS researchers identify the semimetal MoTe2 as a promising spintronics materialOakland University professors gets a $500,000 reward to research quantum spintronicsResearchers receive grant to develop next-generation highly efficient spintronics-based AI hardwareResearchers develop a simple MRAM structure based on unidirectional
spin hall magnetoresistance (USMR) KAIST researchers show how to use graphene as an active spintronic component