http://www.lindo.com/index.php/help/privacy-policy
Privacy policy
Search ...
HOME
COMPANY
The Lindo Story
Careers
PRODUCTS
What'sBest! and Excel optimization
LINGO and optimization modeling
LINDO API for custom optimization application
Solver Suite
DOWNLOADS
Try What'sBest!
Try Lingo
Try Lindo API
User Manuals
MODELS
BUY
Place an Order
Pricing Information
Our Distributors
HELP
Test Models
FAQ
User Manuals
Recommended Books
Textbook Materials
Consulting & Training
Privacy policy
ARCHIVES
Product archives
Book archives
Solver archives
Application archives
Other Archives
NEWS
Workshop Registration
INFORMS O.R. and Analytics Student Team Competitors
LINDO Educational Workshop Video
CONTACT
HOME
COMPANY
PRODUCTS
DOWNLOADS
MODELS
ORDER
HELP
ARCHIVES
NEWS
CONTACT
Privacy Policy
We are sensitive to privacy issues regarding our use of any information that we may collect from you via our website. This policy statement explains what information we collect and how this information is used.
Who collects personal data:
LINDO Systems, 1415 North Dayton Street, Chicago, IL, 60642, USA.
Information Collected:
LINDO Systems collects your name, postal address, email address, job type and organization when you place an order from our website or complete a form to download a trial version of our software. We also may collect similar information if you send us an email message requesting information.
Use of Information:
LINDO Systems may send you information relating to our products. We periodically send by postal mail and/or email information on our products such as our newsletter that discusses new releases and interesting applications of our software. If you download a trial version of our software you may also receive a follow up email message letting you know who to contact if you have any problems or questions regarding the software.
Will Lindo Systems share my personal information with anyone else?
Authorized third parties may send you information relating to our products.
If you live outside the US, your information may be supplied to a local distributor of our software. The local distributor may contact you regarding LINDO Systems software only.
If you receive email from one of our distributors regarding a non-LINDO Systems product, please notify us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. Include the offending email with all header information intact.
LINDO Systems may provide information to reputable organizations for one time mailings on topics that we believe our users would find interesting such as optimization related training seminars.
LINDO Systems does not rent or sell your information, and, other than the situations listed above, does not provide your information to a third party.
Data retention period:
We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as it is necessary for the purpose it has been collected.
Protection of personal data of minors:
If you are aged 16 or under, please get your parents’ permission before you provide any personal information. Minors without this consent are not allowed to provide us with personal information.
Access, Update and Removal:
You have the right to request a copy of the personal information Lindo Systems holds about you. You can access, update or delete your personal data anytime by contacting us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. If you wish your information not be shared with other organizations you may contact us by email, postal mail, fax or phone. If you have any questions about this policy statement or the practices of this site please contact us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
Cookies Policy
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small amount of data, that is sent to your computer, tablet or mobile phone’s browser from a website's and is stored on your device. Your browser or device holds these cookies and makes them available every time you visit a site again so that it can recognize you and remember important information.
Session cookies are temporary cookies that remain in your browser or device until you leave the site. They are then deleted from your device once you leave the website.
Persistent cookies remain in your browser or device for much longer, depending on the cookie.
How does Lindo Systems use cookies?
We use session cookies to bring certain features to our website such as remembering items in your shopping cart and improve browsing. We do not use persistent cookies.
How to reject cookies?
If you don’t want to receive cookies, you can modify your browser so that it notifies you when cookies are sent to it or you can reject cookies altogether. You can also delete cookies that have already been set.
If you wish to restrict or block web browser cookies that are set on your device, you can do this through your browser settings. You may wish to visit www.aboutcookies.org, which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of desktop browsers.
Please note that if you block certain cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of Lindo Systems website’s features.
Support: (312)988-9421
© 2020 LINDO Systems, Inc.
Contact us
Privacy policy
FAQ