http://www.insna.org/legal
Skip to content
We use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, "recognize" returning INSNA members, and analyze site traffic. By using the site, you consent to our use of cookies. To withdraw consent, please adjust your cookie settings in your browser.
ACKNOWLEDGE
0 Items
in your cart View Cart
0
Cart
Join
Login
Contact Us
About
About INSNA
Bylaws
Annual Reports
Board Members & Staff
Committees and Editorships
What is SNA?
Graduate Programs and Courses
News and Announcements
Privacy & Data Use Notice
Events
INSNA Conferences
Networks 2021: A Joint Sunbelt and NetSci Conference
Save the Date:
Sunbelt 2022
Sunbelt Archives
Prospective Conference Organizers
North American Social Networks Conference (NASN)
NASN 2021
NASN 2018
NASN 2017
NASN Archives
Conferences, Workshops, and Call for Proposals in the Field
Australian Social Network Analysis Conference (ASNAC)
ASNAC 2020
ASNAC 2019
ASNAC 2018
ASNAC 2017
ASNAC 2016
European Conference of Social Networks (EUSN)
EUSN 2019 Zurich
EUSN 2017 Mainz
EUSN 2016 Paris
EUSN 2014 Barcelona
INSNA Affiliated Meetings
Networks in the Global World
Membership
Membership Dashboard
Join Now
Member Benefits
Member Directory
Awards
Freeman Award
Richards Award
Simmel Award
Student Award
Historical Awards
Best Poster Awards
Newsletters
Publications
Connections
Social Networks
Journal of Social Structure
SOCNET
REDES Listserve
REDES Journal
Join
Login
Contact Us
Privacy & Data Use Notice
INSNA takes your privacy very seriously. This notice explains how INSNA uses any personal information we collect about you when you use this website and/or become a member. INSNA collects personal data only with your consent (i.e. by joining INSNA or creating a guest account) or to fulfill a compelling legitimate interest of INSNA in a manner that does not outweigh your rights and freedoms. INSNA endeavors to apply suitable safeguards to protect the privacy and security of your personal data and to use it only consistent with your relationship with INSNA and the practices described in this Privacy & Data Use Notice.
What information do we collect about you?
We collect information about you when you join INSNA, create a guest account on our website, register for an event, or otherwise input information about yourself in your use of the website. The specific information collected can be found via the join/renewal form, event registration form, etc. This information is collected transparently and voluntarily. Website usage information is collected using cookies (defined below), however this data is not personally identifiable.
How will we use this information?
Your personal, contact, and other information is collected so that INSNA may:
provide members, prospective members, and attendees with goods and services, including membership services, educational content, events, and the like;
communicate with you about your membership, our events, other association news and business, and/or communicate with you with promotional material from our sponsors;
analyze membership composition and trends;
tailor member and event services based upon known information about our members;
include your contact information in the member directory;
contact you regarding opportunities for volunteer service with the association (your information may be shared with volunteers such as the Executive Board);
to adjudicate awards (your information may be shared with volunteers such as the relevant award committee).
We do not sell personal information to anyone and only share it with third parties who are facilitating the delivery of INSNA services.
How will we communicate with you?
INSNA will send you information about association news, calls for proposals, registration, etc. By creating an account on the INSNA website, you consent to receiving emailed communications from us. You may opt out from marketing materials using the “Safe Unsubscribe” link on all emails we send or by sending your request to support@insna.org, though you will subsequently not receive any INSNA news or information (including registration notices for LTRC). You will receive automated notices from the website (such as expiration reminders and event registration confirmations) regardless of whether you opt out of marketing materials.
Where is my information stored?
Information related to your member or guest account with INSNA is maintained in your user profile. This personal information is stored in one or more software platforms hosted by third parties. These third parties do not use your personal information for any purpose other than cloud storage and retrieval, or other purpose as noted below. A sample of this software is as follows:
Website association management software
Box.com (software for storage of data back ups)
MailChimp (email marketing software)
QuickBooks Online (accounting software)
Abstract management software
INSNA strives to ensure its vendors are GDPR compliant whenever feasible and appropriate.
Website Cookies
As is true of most web sites, INSNA’s website collects certain information automatically utilizing cookies. INSNA utilizes cookies in order to give you the best experience on our website. Cookies assist with the website “remembering” you, and also with our ability to use analyze and assess website behavior and activity so that INSNA may evaluate and adapt the website itself based on visitor use. The information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, the region or general location where your computer or device is accessing the internet, browser type, operating system and other usage information about the use of the INSNA’s website, including a history of the pages you view. You can set your browser not to accept cookies. For more information on cookies, here are third-party links for your reference:
https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2012/apr/23/cookies-and-web-tracking-intro
www.aboutcookies.org
www.allaboutcookies.org
Other Websites
Our website contains links to other websites and subscription services, including externally hosted Sunbelt sites. This Privacy & Data Use Notice only applies to the INSNA website. When you click a link to an outside website, you are leaving the INSNA site and are subject to the privacy and security policies of the outside website.
Access to your information and correction, right to be forgotten
You can access the information INSNA holds about you and correct it by accessing your website profile at any time. Should you ever wish to be “forgotten” in the future, please contact support@insna.org so that our staff may anonymize your data.
How to Contact Us
Please contact support@insna.org with any questions.
×
Membership & Account Access
Are you already a member?
If you are already a member, simply click the first option below to access your account and enter the email we have on file for you to begin taking advantage of your membership.
If you do not receive an email after following the step above AND you are a current member, you will need to select the second option below to create an account.
Access Your Existing Account
Create an Account
Are you ready to join INSNA?
We offer a variety of membership categories to serve the needs of association professionals and vendors to the association community.
Select a membership type below to get started!
View Membership Information