http://www.dsprelated.com/terms
HomeBlogsForumsTVJobsTutorialsBooksFree BooksFree PDFsVendorsCodeLogin / Register
HomeBlogs
From the Editor
Recent Posts
Popular (this month)
Popular (all time)
ForumsTVJobsTutorialsBooksFree BooksFree PDFsVendorsCode
Terms of Service Terms of Service
You must be at least 13 years old to access or use the Network, including without limitation to complete a Related Sites account registration. By accessing or using the Related Network in any manner, you represent and warrant that you are at least 13 years of age. If you are under 13 years old, you may not, under any circumstances or for any reason, access or use the Services or Network in any manner, and may not provide any personal information to or on the Services or Network (including, for example, a name, address, telephone number or email address).
If you are located within the European Union, you must be at least 16 years old to access or use the Network or Services, including without limitation to complete a Related Sites account registration. By accessing or using the Network Sites in any manner, you represent and warrant that you are at least 16 years of age. If you are under 16 years old, you may not, under any circumstances or for any reason, access or use the Services or Network in any manner, and may not provide any personal information to or on the Network (including, for example, a name, address, telephone number or email address).
Access to the Related Network
Any user of the Related Sites is welcome to participate in community discussions, to answer questions, post comments (blogs) and to share their hard earned knowledge with the Related Sites community, provided that they comply with the obligations set forth in these terms, and to the extent that use of the Related Sites does not conflict with the applicable laws, rules and regulations of the user’s jurisdiction. The Related Sites reserve the right to refuse, suspend or terminate your access to the Network if it determines, in its sole discretion, that you have in any way violated these terms or are otherwise ineligible to access or use the sites.
We will use reasonable efforts to make the Related Sites available 24/7/365, but from time-to-time we will have scheduled outages for maintenance purposes and other upkeep. Where feasible, we may, in our sole discretion, make efforts to inform you about any outages and report on the nature and reason for any outages that may occur in an open and transparent manner, though we are under no obligation to do so, and in any case will not be liable for any downtime.
User Obligations
To access some of the sites features you will need to register for an account as an individual and consent to these terms.
You are solely responsible for ensuring that your account registration is complete and remains up to date. You have the right to discontinue use of, or terminate, your account whenever you like, and subject to our Privacy Policy, control the use and sharing of your account information. Please note that any content or information you share publicly is governed by the terms described below and you should be aware that once you place content in the public sphere, you willingly give up some rights and control over such content.
We strongly encourages you to review our Privacy Policy, which explains how we will handle, process, and use your personal data.
The Related Sites are a community and we expect you to treat each member of the community with respect. To prevent bad actors from creating a negative community experience, we reserve the right to pause or terminate your account if you engage in disruptive, abusive, disrespectful or nefarious behavior.
Content Permissions, Restrictions, and Creative Commons Licensing
Related Sites Content
All materials displayed or performed on the Related Network, including but not limited to text, graphics, logos, tools, photographs, images, illustrations, software or source code, audio and video, and animations (other than Network Content posted by individual "Subscriber Content") are the property of the Related Sites and/or third parties and are protected by international copyright laws.
You may not copy, modify, publish, transmit, upload, participate in the transfer or sale of, reproduce, create derivative works based on, distribute, perform, display, or in any way exploit any of the Related Sites content in whole or in part.
Members Content
Although the administrators and moderators of The Related Sites will attempt to keep all objectionable content off this site, all content submitted by registered members express the views of the author, and the owners of the Related Site can't be held responsible for any users-submitted content.
You warrant that you will not post any content that is obscene, vulgar, disrespectful, sexually-oriented, hateful, threatening, or otherwise violating of any laws
You agree to not use the Related Sites to submit or link to any Content which is defamatory, abusive, hateful, threatening, spam or spam-like, likely to offend, contains adult or objectionable content, contains personal information of others, risks copyright infringement, encourages unlawful activity, or otherwise violates any laws.
All content you submit or upload may be reviewed by staff members. All Content you submit or upload may be sent to third-party verification services (including, but not limited to, spam prevention services). Do not submit any Content that you consider to be private or confidential.
We reserve the rights to remove or modify any content submitted for any reason without explanation. Requests for Content to be removed or modified will be undertaken only at our discretion. We reserve the right to take action against any account with the Service at any time.
You are granting us with a non-exclusive, permanent, irrevocable, unlimited license to use, publish, or re-publish your Content in connection with the Service. You retain copyright over the Content.
Contact us
Feel free to get in touch if you have any question or concerns about these terms.
Sign in
Sign in
Remember me
Forgot username or password?  |  Create account
Blogs - Hall of Fame
A Fixed-Point Introduction by ExampleChrisopher Felton
Handling Spectral Inversion in Baseband ProcessingEric Jacobsen
Understanding the Phasing Method of Single Sideband ModulationRick Lyons
An Interesting Fourier Transform 1/f NoiseSteve Smith
Free PDF Downloads
Use Matlab Function pwelch to Find Power Spectral Density - or Do It Yourself
The Swiss Army Knife of Digital Networks
Algorithms for Efficient Computation of Convolution
All FREE PDF Downloads
Quick Links
HomeBlogsForumsTVJobsTutorialsBooksFree BooksFree PDFsVendorsCodecomp.dsp
About DSPRelated.com
AdvertiseContactPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceCookies Policy
Social Networks
The Related Media Group
Email / Username
Password
Login
Create free account | Forgot password?
Email Address
Username
Password
Confirm Password
I agree with the terms of use and privacy policy.
Yes, I want to subscribe to your world famous newsletter and see for myself how great it is.
I also understand that I can unsubscribe VERY easily!
Back
Register