http://www.firework-review.org.uk/privacy-and-cookie-policies/
Fireworks Articles
View all articles
Reviews & Product Tests
Displays & Events
Articles & Information
Retailer & Company Visits
Fireworks Demo Nights
Fireworks Photography Guides
Editor’s Blog
Fireworks Video
Feature Archive 1999-2009
Info
Home Page
About & Contact
Privacy and cookie policies
Forum
Beginner’s Guides
Start Here!
DIY or Professional?
Categories & Classifications
Types of Fireworks
Selection Boxes & Sparklers
Cakes & Candles
Rockets
Fountains, Wheels & Mines
Lanterns, Lancework & Set Pieces
Bangers, Chinese Crackers & Aerial Shells
Buying Fireworks
Storing Fireworks
Firework Laws & Regulations
Fireworks Training
Fireworks Insurance
Glossary of Firework Terms
Choosing Fireworks
General Advice
Guy Fawkes
Small Garden Displays
Wedding Fireworks
New Year’s Eve Displays
Birthday Party Fireworks
Daytime Fireworks
Quiet Fireworks
Funeral Fireworks & Ashes Scattering
Indoor Fireworks
Using Fireworks
Sparklers – BE SAFE!
The Fireworks Code
Site Layout
Setting Up
Cakes & Candles
Rockets
Mines & Wheels
Fountains & Lancework
Equipment Checklist
Lighting your fireworks safely
Lighting by hand
Consumer Electrical Firing Systems
Fuse and professional ignition systems
Coping with bad weather
Things that can go wrong
After the display
Buy Fireworks
Fireworks For Sale
Mail Order Fireworks
Professional Fireworks Displays
Wedding Fireworks Displays
Firing Systems For Fireworks
Wholesale Fireworks
Fuse Suppliers
Buying Advice & Help
Privacy and cookie policies
The purpose of this section is to explain what we do and don’t do with regards to tracking visitors, placing cookies on your machine and other privacy related matters.
This information relates to this website (you are viewing now) and unless otherwise stated does not apply to our separate Fireworks Forum.
Privacy overview
First and foremost it should be made clear that this website does not require any form of registration to use. For this reason we do not ask for, or require, any personal information from you such as your email address. You are not required to “log in” to access any part of this site.
Unlike many websites, we do not run any form of tracking scripts such as Google Analytics. We do not track visitors from page to page or collect data on them. We do not maintain databases of users or visitors and therefore we have no data which might be shared with third parties (we wouldn’t anyway!).
Cookie policy
As stated above there is no requirement to register or log in to access this site. Therefore our use of cookies is minimal.
We would draw your attention however to the following use of cookies here which could be instigated by third party applications or are otherwise beyond our immediate control:
The website “back end” (the software used to power the site) may register a cookie when you visit. This is primarily in order to allow the editor and other contributors to log in and publish content (ie. to remember them and keep them logged in from page to page). It is not used for unregistered visitors and general traffic. It should be perfectly safe for example to block any cookie issued by this site and domain and it should not affect your viewing of the site.
We do not operate any form of shopping trolley or other system that requires your session to be stored and we do not modify any information or web pages displayed according to different visitors.
Banners for UKFR sponsors are just graphic banners and are not tracked via cookies. Any rotation of banners is entirely random per page impression and generated either server side or by Javascript in your browser.
If you view an embedded YouTube clip, YouTube may place a cookie on your machine. Again we have no control over this but as we do embed YouTube clips here we wanted to make you aware of this.
The reason we do not have an explicit cookie warning when visiting UKFR is because we believe that our use of cookies falls outside of the scope of the EU laws. For example you do not need to register or log in, we do not use third party advert services, we do not operate direct embeds to Facebook or Twitter and we do not sell fireworks therefore we do not operate any form of shopping trolley. In short, the only UKFR cookie used is intended for site admin (and can safely be blocked) and the only third party cookies to our knowledge are YouTube and Flickr, sites we use to embed media here.
Advertising and outgoing link policies
We place a high importance on our neutrality to the fireworks trade and the fact that we do not sell fireworks, either directly or indirectly by commission. To ensure we are seen to be maintaining this policy we do not allow the use of tracked outgoing links to advertisers who place banners with us directly. Although these could be entirely innocent (eg. to track a specific campaign) they could be seen as some form of affiliate code or other tracking. All outgoing links are therefore “clean” of any such tracking codes.
Where adverts change on each page load and those adverts are banners sold directly from UKFR to the advertiser, the advert rotations are created by the web page on a random basis. We do not use any form of tracking (cookie or otherwise) to rotate banners, they are entirely random.
We do not monitor or collate which adverts have been clicked on, or by whom. We do not maintain any databases of advert impressions or clicks. This can be verified by anyone simply inspecting the source code of our pages: Adverts are simply images (a banner) with an outgoing link directly to the target website.
This page was last updated on 8 November 2019.
Check out our mobile-friendly and updated website: UKFR.COM
Latest Fireworks Articles:Epic Fireworks: A visit to the
new Epic Fireworks showroom.Wedding Fireworks With Music: Pyromusical by Skydazzle Pyrotechnics.Newsbox Fireworks Demo Night: Report from the Newsbox Fireworks Demo 2012.Southwold Jubilee Fireworks: Fireworks and beacon lighting from Southwold, SuffolkFirer Cam Video - A close-up view of wedding fireworks: Exciting view of a wedding display!
©1999-2020 UK Firework Review
Established in 1999, UKFR remains independent from the fireworks trade and does not sell fireworks.