http://www.pinchin.com/websiteprivacypolicy/
HOME    MY CART (0)    LOGIN
Toggle navigation
About Us
About Us
Our History
Our Leadership Team
Mission Statement / Value Statement
Corporate Social Responsibility
Awards & Recognition
Markets
Buildings & Real Estate
Cannabis Industry
Industrial
Resources
Infrastructure
Government & Institutions
Insurance Support
Homeowners
Services
COVID-19 Services
Building Science & Sustainability
Occupational Health & Safety
Indoor Environmental Quality
Hazardous Building Materials
Environmental Laboratory Services
Environmental Due Diligence & Remediation
Geotechnical Engineering
Emissions Reduction & Compliance
Environmental Science
Mechanical Engineering & Design
Courses
Course Listings
Course Calendar
Complimentary Sessions
Learn More About Our Training
What's New
What's New Blog Posts
What's New Sign Up
Careers
Employment Opportunities
Benefits
Contact Us
General Inquiries
Office Locations
Pinchin Ltd. - Website Privacy Policy
Pinchin Ltd. (Pinchin) respects the privacy of every visitor to our website. This Internet Site Privacy Policy explains our online information practices. This Policy may be changed or updated from time to time. By visiting Pinchin at www.pinchin.com you accept the practices described in this Policy.
Pinchin’s website content is designed to provide information of a general nature and is not intended as a substitute for professional consultation and advice in a particular matter. The opinions and interpretations expressed on www.pinchin.com are those of the author only and may not reflect those of other identified parties.
Pinchin Ltd. does not warrant the accuracy and completeness of its information, nor endorse or make any representations about its content. In no event will Pinchin be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of the use of or reliance on the contents on its website.
The information on our website is intended to address the services we offer within Canada. If the request is to address these services outside these provinces but within Canada, members of www.pinchin.com may become involved.
Pinchin does not give, sell, or otherwise transfer information to any other party for the purpose of initiating or enabling others to initiate e-mail messages or mailings.
The Data We Collect and What We Do With It
Throughout our website, we communicate with you about our various offerings. We will not collect personal information from you when you visit our website unless you provide the information to us voluntarily and knowingly.
Registering for a Course or Complimentary Seminar:
When you register online for a course or seminar, we will ask for your name and contact information. Depending upon the activity, we may require payment. Payment information (such as standard credit card data) will be collected over the phone by the training coordinator at Pinchin Ltd. Personal information will be used to remind you of the event and to send you electronic messages regarding the event you have registered for.
Submission forms:
When you complete a “Contact Us” form online, we will ask for your name, contact information, location of the property and the topic or brief description of the issue in order to get your question to the right Pinchin personnel and have them call you back.
Submitting a Resume for an Employment Opportunity:
When you apply for a position at Pinchin by completing the form and submitting your resume, we will keep your information on file for 6 months in Pinchin’s Human Resources Department.
Only those selected for an interview will be contacted. Due to the volume of applicants, Pinchin is unable to accept employment-related phone calls.
Email Signup:
When you sign-up for our email distribution list, we ask for your name, email and address in order to provide you information for your geographical area. Pinchin uses a reputable third party for e-broadcasts. Recipients will receive emails from courses@pinchin.com.
Due to Canada’s Anti-Spam Legislation (CASL) http://www.ic.gc.ca/eic/site/ecic-ceac.nsf/eng/h_gv00567.html, we are required to renew subscriptions for Pinchin’s “What's New” emails every 2 years. If we don’t receive a response, we will remove you from the list.
Emails sent to info@pinchin.com are used to relay information to the appropriate person within Pinchin Ltd. and the members of The Pinchin Group of Companies. Correspondence will be applicable to the initial email received.
How Collecting Website Statistics Affects You
Cookies are used to enhance user experience on a website. A “cookie” is a small text file which assists in recognizing repeat visitors, facilitate the visitor’s ongoing access to and use of the site.
Pinchin uses the following third-party vendors for online advertising in order to track response rates of particular ads and target users within the chosen geographic area.
Google Analytics
Bing AdCenter
Hitslink: For general statistical data, we use Hitlinks to determine (information) on website user behavior on www.pinchin.com
You can opt out or block cookies, however, you may lose some website functionality.
Users can opt out of the use of cookies by our third party vendors by visiting the following: (please note that using this option may affect your use of other websites):
Google’s Ads Preferences Manager
Adjust your browser settings for accepting cookies
Alternatively, you can opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
How We Use Your Information
Pinchin Ltd will not sell, trade, or share personal information with anyone else, nor will we send mailings on behalf of other organizations.
If you provide Pinchin with personal information when you visit our website, we may use the information in our programs and activities. We may enter your name into one of our databases so we can contact you to obtain your input, provide information about our programs and events, or request contributions. You will not be added to the email distribution list unless you have selected that option. Questions?
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: info@pinchin.com
Phone: 1.855.PINCHIN
Write to: Pinchin Ltd., 2470 Milltower Court Mississauga, Ontario L5N 7W5
What's New
12.04.20Coughs don’t equal COVID
12.01.20What’s the priority in making a building comfortable?
Courses
Course Listings
Complimentary Sessions
Course Calendar
Social Media
® Pinchin Ltd. All Rights Reserved 2020 | Website Privacy Policy | Privacy Policy
| Site Map
| Full Site
Website Design by Ravenshoe Creative
Contact
Email
Directions
® Pinchin Ltd. 2020 | Privacy
Full Site
×
Pinchin West is now Pinchin Ltd.!
In our ongoing efforts to harmonize our brand and strengthen our environmental consulting and engineering capabilities across western and central Canada, Pinchin Ltd. and Pinchin West Ltd. will begin operating as Pinchin Ltd., effective today - May 1, 2017
We look forward to growing our long-term relationships with our clients, and continuing to build a strong national presence providing higher value client solutions.
Enter Pinchin.com