https://www.antnest.co.uk/privacy-policy-data-protection-myrms-ant-nest/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
The General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (GDPR) is a regulation in EU law on data protection and privacy for all individual citizens of the European Union (EU) and the European Economic Area (EEA). It also addresses the transfer of personal data outside the EU and EEA areas.
Privacy Myrm's Ant Nest
Privacy Myrm’s Ant Nest
Art 2(2) of the GDPR provides that “This Regulation does not apply to the processing of personal data: … by a natural person in the course of a purely personal or household activity”.
Upon consultation with a legal service it was suggested to me that due to my website (Myrm’s Ant Nest – www.antnest.co.uk) not being commercial, i.e, I do not sell any products. And due to the fact that I do not deal with any financial transactions, such as payments or donations, but rather a purely informational website about my hobby (the study of ants). Then, on balance, it is more likely than not to be outside the GDPR’s scope.
However, when you visit this website, it does collect some information about you. Therefore, I do want to explain, in plain English, what information pertaining to you that I can see when you visit my website. Similarly, when you use the contact form via my Contact page, or when you submit a comment on my News & Blog page.
1.1
Privacy Myrm's Ant Nest - Introduction
Art 2(2) of the GDPR provides that “This Regulation does not apply to the processing of personal data: … by a natural person in the course of a purely personal or household activity”
1.1  Since the introduction of the GDPR on May 25, 2018, stringent laws have been put into place governing the handling of data. This includes data collected on an Internet website.
1.2  Art 2(2) of the GDPR provides that, “This Regulation does not apply to the processing of personal data: … by a natural person in the course of a purely personal or household activity”.
2. Contact Form
2.1.  If you contact me via the Contact Form on this website, I see the following information:
Your name (if provided).Your email address (as you provided it).The text that you placed in the message field of the contact form.Your IP address.
2.2.  This information comes to me in the form of an email. It is processed through my cpanel (admin panel) via my hosting service (Stratagem Hosting). It is then delivered to my personal email account.
2.3.  Once I have replied to your email, I delete the original message from my Inbox. As a consequence, it goes into my email server’s trash/bin. I tend to empty this trash once per month.
(Privacy Myrm’s Ant Nest)
3. Comments/Posts - Privacy Myrm's Ant Nest
3.1.
If you post a comment on the News & Blogs page of my website, I see the following information, via my admin panel:
Your email address (should you provide it).Your IP address.The text of your comment.Your name (if provided).
3.2. I receive this information via the administrator’s panel of the dashboard of my WordPress software. WordPress is a software product used in the creation of many blogs and websites on the Internet.
3.3. When you post a comment, it is held in the administrator’s panel prior to its being published publicly on the site. Then I receive an email alert informing on the pending comment. This email alert contains the information at 3.1 above.
3.4. On receiving this alert, I log into the administrator’s panel of my website. There I can see the moderation queue with your post, as well as any other approved posts already on the website. Again, the information I can see in the administrator’s panel is as at 3.1
3.5. Should I choose not to approve your comment for publication on blog page, it, with all its associated information (3.1), is permanently deleted from my administrator’s panel.
3.6.
If I approve your comment, then the information in 3.1 is retained in the administrator’s panel, for as long as your comment/post is live on my website. As a result of the comment being approved, it is made public on the blog page.
3.7. When your comment appears on the blog page, your email address is not made publicly available.
(Data Protection)
4. Other Information
4.1.  In the control panel pertaining to my domain name (antnest.co.uk), provided by my hosting service (Stratagem Hosting, I can see information about visitors to my site, such as;
Operating System, country (according to IP address).Search words used that enabled you to find my site.Duration of your stay.Browser used when viewing my website.IP addresses of visitors.
4.2.  I do not see your name or any other personal details about you.
4.3.  The information at 4.1 is held by my hosting company (Stratagem Hosting) rather than directly by myself. However, I can view it at any time via my admin cpanel. I have no control over the information held at 4.1
5. What do I do with Your Private Data?- Data Protection
5.1.  If you email me to ask a question, or to request advice about ants, for example, I use your email address and name, if provided, to reply to you. Once I have sent the reply, your original email is deleted, as are further replies you send me once actioned by me.
5.2.  If you post a comment any insulting or otherwise offensive material anywhere on my website, I can use your details to block you from the site. Other than that I do not use the private data provided via the comments submissions for any other purpose.
5.3. The information held as described in paragraph 4, and its sub-paragraphs, above is used purely for statistical means. I use it to help me to improve my website and appearance. I have no other use for such information.
(Privacy Myrm’s Ant Nest)
6. Do I sell your data, or provided it for other means, to a third-party?
6.1.  No, I do not sell or provide your private identifiable data to any third parties for any purposes, except for;
6.2.  If you were to repeatedly make hateful, offensive remarks, or posts materials or links to material that is deemed as such, or indeed illegal. I am within my rights to report you to the Police. Should I do this, then I would provide such information to the Police, if requested by them.  This is, of course, in so far as the law allows me. I take into account any legal procedures required to be adhered to, involved in such a request by the Police.
(Data Protection)
7.
Who else, other than me, can see your private information?
7.1.  If you make a post on the News and Blog section of my website, and you choose to provide a name, then all visitors to my site, whether members or not, will be able to view that information. The IP address associated with your post/visit, your email address is not made public.
7.2. Posts made at 7.1 above do not display your email address publicly.
7.3.  Information you provide me in any email correspondence to me is only seen by me. I do not provide it to other persons or organisations, unless you have specifically provide me with your express permission to do so.
7.4. Further to 7.3 above, if the conditions at 6.2 are met, then I can provide such information to the Police. Again, I adhere to regulations governing the providing of such information to the Police.
(Privacy Myrm’s Ant Nest)
8.
Removal of your Personal Data - Data Protection
8.1.  You may contact me to request the removal of any post you have made on the News and Blog page of the site. Once I delete your comment, your private data is removed from my admin panel immediately.
8.2.  However, if you only ask for a particular comment to be removed, but you elect to allow other comments you have made to remain, then the information associated with the remaining comments is still present.
(Data Protection)
Final Words
I hope the above has been clear and has answered any privacy questions relating to your visit and interaction with my website. As I said above, I believe that by nature of the website, i.e, an educational website about my hobby, with no paid for services, or other financial transactions, then I am not required to have a privacy policy. However, should it be bought to my attention that I do, in fact, require a formal privacy policy, then I will have to provide one that addresses the legal requirements.
If you do have any further questions or concerns, then please contact me using the CONTACT button at the top of the page, or the contact form below. Alternatively, you may email me separate from this website by using the email address in the footer bar of this page.
Thank you.
Myrm
Contact Myrm
Do you have any further questions about ants that have not been answered anywhere on this website? Or do you need other facts about ants? Then please feel free to contact me by either clicking the button below, or the Contact button on the top menu of this page.
In addition, you can also use this method of contact to inform me of any errors or problems with the site. Similarly you can make other suggestions, for instance, on how to improve the site.
I endeavour to reply as soon as I can, usually within an hour or so, depending on the time of day.
If the contact form fails to work for you, or you have not had a reply within 24 hours, then you can email me direct on myrm@antnest.co.uk
If you are using a VPN, your message may be flagged as spam. If this happens then feel free to email me direct at the address given above.
Contact Myrm
My current ant farms as of October 2019
Privacy Policy Myrm’s Ant Nest
Privacy Policy Myrm's Ant Nest
For further information on the GDPR, click on the image below.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Youtube