http://www.sstusa.com/privacy.php
Skip to main content
SST Systems, Inc.
The FASTEST Solutions for Pipe Stress Analysis Software and Design
Home
Customer Support
Contact Us
search
AVEVA
Call Us Today
+1 (408) 452-8111
SST SYSTEMS, INC. Privacy Policy
Software Solutions
CAEPIPE
CAEPIPE 3D+
checkSTRESS
dataTRANSLATORS
HOTclash
PEXit
Pricing Request
Download Free Evaluation
Download CAEPIPE 3D+
Download Free Review Module
Customer Support
Engineering Services
Design and Engineering
INFOplant™ System
Engineering Management
List of Projects
Project Gallery
Project Videos
Learn More
Videos
FAQs
Technical Articles
Piping News
Seminars
Company Information
About Us
Company Holidays
Links
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Upcoming Events
Contact Us
<p>Sorry, your browser doesn't support iframes. We urge you to upgrade your browser.</p>
Details
Summary of Our Policy: We (SST) collect information about you, sometimes personally identifiable (such
as your name and email address), through download forms, pricing requests and other such devices. Also, our website host tracks your visit to our website in a weblog, which does not include personal information.
We do not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with third parties or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services you've requested. We use weblog data to compile site statistics.
We have built our business on the foundations of honesty and integrity, strive to meet your expectations and provide you with satisfactory tools and services. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.
What This Privacy Policy Covers
This policy covers how SST treats personal information that SST collects and receives, including information related to your past use of SST products and services. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that SST does not own or control, or to people that SST does not employ or manage. In addition, certain SST associated companies such as its distributors may have their own privacy statements which can be had by contacting them directly.
Information Collection and Use
SST collects personal information when you register with SST, when you use SST products or services, when you visit SST pages. SST may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies.
When you register we ask for information such as your name, email address, mailing address, computer system details and industry. Once you register with SST, you are not anonymous to us.
SST collects information about your transactions with us.
SST automatically receives and records information on our website host server logs from your browser, including your IP address, and the page(s) you request.
SST uses information for the following general purposes: to fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our services, contact you, conduct research, anonymous website log reporting, and tracking of emails for marketing purposes.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
SST does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services you've requested under the following circumstances:
We may provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with SST under confidentiality agreements. These companies may use your personal information to help SST communicate with you about offers from SST and our marketing partners. However, these companies do not have any independent right to share this information.
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of SST's terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
We transfer information about you if SST is acquired or merged with another company. In this event, SST will notify you should there be any material change to this policy.
Even though we are not running third party advertisements presently, in case we do, SST will not provide any personal information to the advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted ad. However, by interacting with or viewing an ad you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad.
Cookies
Starting Jun 28, 2010,SST does track your downloading of our software products using "cookies." Our goal is to simply provide you with the most useful information via a superior user experience.
Confidentiality and Security
We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
SST may update this policy from time to time. In the event of a material change to the policy, SST will notify it prominently under "History" below.
History
Jun 28, 2010: "Site uses cookies to track downloads of software products."
Questions and Suggestions
If you have questions or suggestions, please contact us at:
SST Systems, Inc.
Customer Service - Privacy Policy Issues
1798 Technology Dr, Suite 236
San Jose, CA 95110, USA
(408) 452-8111
(408) 452-8388 - fax
1983-2018: 35 Years of Proven Value!
SST Systems, Inc.
1798 Technology Drive, Suite 236
San Jose, CA 95110 USA
Phone: +1 (408) 452-8111
Fax: +1 (408) 452-8388
Email: Contact Us
Business Hours:
Monday - Friday
9:00 A.M. to 6 P.M. Pacific Time
© 1997-2018 - SST Systems, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Disclaimer | Privacy Policy | Sales