https://www.csi-sci.ca/privacy_policy.html
Canadian SocietyFor Immunology
About UsMembershipScientific MeetingsAwardsNewslettersMembers HomeCareers
Member Area
Tweets by @CdnImmunol
Follow @CdnImmunol
Home
Français
Donate
Menu
Search Canadian Society for Immunology
33rd Annual CSI Conference May 28-31, 2021 - Victoria, British Columbia
CSI’s Online Privacy and Legal Statement
CSI is committed to protecting the privacy of personal information of its members, subject matter experts and all users of its services. This Privacy Policy has been prepared to affirm CSI’s commitment to maintaining high standards of confidentiality, to provide information on CSI’s practices concerning the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information and to comply with the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) and other applicable statutes.
1. Defining personal information
Personal information is any information about an "identifiable individual" that can be used to distinguish, identify or contact a specific individual. Business contact information such as information on your business card and certain publicly available information, such as names, addresses and telephone numbers as published in telephone directories are not considered personal information under federal legislation (PIPEDA). Information about corporations is not considered personal information. Where an individual provides his or her home address to CSI as their business contact information, CSI considers it to be business contact information, and is therefore not subject to protection as personal information.
2. Collection of personal information
If you request information, products or services from CSI, we will collect name and contact details including address(es), telephone and fax numbers and email address. We collect no personal information about you unless you choose to provide that information to us. We do not use techniques that collect personal information about anyone without their knowledge. We only collect personal information about individuals when they specifically and knowingly provide it to us, for example when they apply for membership, register for a program or complete a registration form. You may also provide us with your credit card information in order to pay for items purchased. We collect this information only to set up your account, process the order, and provide you with the services you are purchasing. We do not store credit card information for later use. CSI collects and retains information about your transaction history when you use CSI services and various programs. CSI also provides individuals with an opportunity to specify certain preferences in service delivery; if an individual chooses to provide such information, CSI will collect and maintain preference in order to meet individuals special needs requested for a specific event (i.e., meal preference).
3. CSI’s Website
A visitor to the CSI website is not required to reveal any individually identifiable information, nor is such information collected passively by electronic means. Personal information is only collected when an individual voluntarily submits his or her information such as in an online membership application form, meeting registration form or an online survey. The personal information collected in this manner is subject in full to the Privacy Policy contained in this document. If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the website, read pages, or download information, we will neither gather nor store any personal information about you. Our web server collects statistical data about visitor information used only in aggregate. This tracking system does not record personal information about individuals or link this information to any personal data collected.
4. Consent by individuals
The information you provide to CSI — such as your name, address, email, etc. — allows CSI to inform you about events and activities and to notify you of issues, events or special offers which may be of interest to you. By becoming a member or by requesting information or registering for events or courses offered by CSI, you are giving CSI permission to contact you by way of the information you provide. Members may choose not to be contacted by CSI by submitting a written request to the CSI Secretary.
5. Use of information & Email Privacy
CSI uses email to communicate with its members. You may receive personally-targeted emails from us for the following reasons: confirmations of sign-up or registration, receipts, invoices, reminders of events you registered for, membership renewal reminders, or notifications regarding website activity that pertains to your account.
Members can opt-in to receive regular e-mail digests of website updates. Members can control whether or not they receive these digests through a setting in their profiles. As a registered not-for-profit corporation, CSI may send group emails to promote its programs and initiatives. These may take the form of announcements, newsletters, or other materials targeted to a general audience. These group emails conform to Canada’s Anti-Spam (CASL) Regulations, so you will only receive these if you are a recent member of CSI and have not opted out (unsubscribed) from such notices, or if you are not a recent member and you have opted in (subscribed) to such notices. In either case, you may block (unsubscribe) these notices using a link in those emails.
6. Disclosure of personal information
CSI may share aggregate information about its members and customers — not individual data — with sponsors, potential sponsors and other parties to help them better understand CSI members and their interests. Such aggregate information is used to give CSI demographic data about its members in order to improve the organization and the programs and services we provide.
7. Security of information
CSI endeavours to maintain appropriate safeguards and adequate physical, procedural and technical security with respect to our offices and information storage facilities so as to prevent any unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, or modification of personal information. Safeguards include securing physical documents and technological measures by way of secure access and encryption. The CSI Board is authorized to access personal information based only on their need to deal with the information for the reason(s) for which it was obtained. Safeguards are in place to ensure that the information is not disclosed or shared more widely than is necessary to achieve the purpose for which it was gathered. We also take measures to ensure the integrity of this information is maintained and to prevent its being lost or destroyed. To ensure the integrity and privacy of your credit card information, on-line payments to CSI are in compliance with Payment Card Industry Standards (PCI DSS). The payment transaction is managed by Beanstream secure online payment service. CSI does not see or retain any data pertaining to your credit cards or other methods of electronic payment. The only information we collect about the payment transaction is whether or not it was successful.
8. Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or about CSI information handling practices
please contact us at
About Us
What is Immunology
Day of Immunology
CSI Council
Membership
Qualifications & Application Details
Membership Sign-up
Member Directory
Scientific Meetings
2020 Scientific Meeting
Travel Awards
Awardees 2020
FOCIS 2020
Awards
CSI Meeting Awards
Award Winners
ICI Meeting Travel Award
Newsletters
News
Past Newsletters
Careers
@ 2020 Canadian Society for Immunology. All rights reserved  |  Site Map  |  Contact Us  |  Privacy Policy  |  Refund Policy
Powered by Exware Association Management