https://www.biolifesolutions.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Home/Privacy
BioLife Solutions Inc. | Website Privacy Policy
Dear Website Visitor,
Our website privacy policy is reviewed and updated on a regular basis.  This version was last updated on August 23rd, 2018, however previous versions can be obtained by contacting us via the methods below. BioLife Solutions Inc. respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy policy will inform you as to:
How we protect your personal data when you visit our website at biolifesolutions.com;
Your privacy rights; and
For visitors from the European Economic Area, how the law protects you.
This privacy policy is provided in an indexed format so you can click through to the specific areas set out below. [You can obtain a pdf version of the policy from privacy@biolifesolutions.com]
IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND WHO WE ARE
This privacy policy aims to give you information on how we collect and process your personal data through your use of this website, including any data you may provide through this website when you make a purchase, ask a question, or sign up for our newsletter.
It is important that you read this privacy policy together with any privacy policy we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data.
For the purposes of the European General Data Regulation (GDPR) (EU 2016/679), which applies to personal data collected from individuals in the European Economic Area (EEA), BioLife Solutions Inc. (“Company,” “we,” “us” or “our”) is the controller and is responsible for your personal data.  If you have any questions about this privacy policy, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact us at:
BioLife Solutions Inc.
3303 Monte Villa Parkway; Suite 310
Bothell, WA 98021
Attention: Data Privacy Manager
Email:  privacy@biolifesolutions.com
Telephone number: 866.424.6543
For Visitors From the EEA:You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the relevant data protection authority. For a list of authorities, please see biolifesolutions.com/GDPR authorities. We would, however, appreciate the opportunity to address your concerns before you approach the data protection authority, so please contact us first.
Third Party Websites and Services
Our website may contain links to other websites and services not maintained by us.  In addition, other websites and services may also reference or link to our website.  This privacy policy applies only to our website and is not applicable to and does not govern any such third-party websites or services.  We encourage you to be aware when you enter or leave our website, or surf the Internet, and to read the privacy notices or statements of each website and service that you visit.  We do not endorse, screen, or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy or any practices or the content of, such other websites or services.
THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified.  It does not include data from which a person’s identity cannot be determined.
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Dataincludes first name, last name, username or similar identifier and title.
Contact Dataincludes billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
Transaction Dataincludes details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.
Technical Dataincludes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Profile Data includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, education, preferences, company size, business type, feedback and survey responses.
Usage Dataincludes information about how you use our website and products.
Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and your communication preferences.
We also collect, use and share Aggregated Datasuch as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data could be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data will notdirectly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
For Visitors From the EEA: We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Dataabout you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic and biometric data). We do not collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
HOW YOUR PERSONAL DATA IS COLLECTED
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including or through:
Direct Interactions
You may give us your name, email address, mailing address, billing address, telephone number, organization name, title, account user name and/or password, organization size, organization business type, education and interests when you:
contact us via the “General Inquiries” or on the “Ask the Scientists” pages on our website;
request a product sample;
request a product safety data sheet;
request a US FDA Master File Cross Reference Request Form;
request a Certificate of Analysis;
subscribeto our Biopreservation Today® newsletter, to our news updates, our investor
relations pages, and/or to our RSS feed;
correspond with us via mail, email, telephone or otherwise;
purchase our products from us via our website or telephone;
set up an account.
Automated Technologies or Interactions
As you interact with our website, we will automatically collect technical data about your computer equipment, browsing actions and patterns, IP address, browser types, referring/exit pages, preferences, operating system, your language preferences, and your preferences in receiving marketing information. We collect this personal data by using cookies, web beacons and server logs.  Please see our Cookie Policy for further details biolifesolutions.com/cookiepolicy.
Third Party or Publicly Available Sources
We will receive personal data about you from analytics providers such as Google based outside the EU.
If You Fail to Provide Personal Data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
We only collect personally identifiable information on a voluntary basis. We do not require that you provide this information to gain access to our site, and we do not require you to disclose more information than is reasonably needed to participate in an activity on our site.  However, if you do not provide the information that is noted as being required or mandatory in connection with a particular activity, you will not be permitted to engage in that activity. It is also important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current.  Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will only use your data as permitted by law.  Most commonly, we use your personal data in the following circumstances:
where we need to perform a contract that we are about to enter into or have entered into with you;
where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests;
where we need to comply with a legal obligation.
We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets.In that case, your information may be sold or transferred to such acquiring company or entity.
We do not sell, rent, trade or otherwise disclose personal information visitors submit through our website, except as described in this privacy policy. We may share your information among our related entities. We also may share the information with service providers we have retained to perform services on our behalf. These service providers are not authorized by us to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements. In addition, we may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law or pursuant to legal process, (ii) in response to a request from law enforcement authorities or other government officials, or (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity.
For Visitors From the EEA: Purposes for Which We Will Use Your Personal Data
Below is a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified our legitimate interests where appropriate.  Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data.  Please contact us if you need details about the specific ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity
Type of Data
Lawful Basis for Processing Including Legitimate Interest
To register you as a new customer
– Identity
– Contact
Performance of a contract with you.
To process and deliver your order including:
– manage payments, fees and charges;
– collect and recover money owed to us.
– Identity
– Contact
– Financial
– Transaction
-Marketing and Communications
– Performance of a contract with you;
– Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover amounts due to us).
To respond to you and fulfill your request(s) for information.
– Identity
– Contact
Performance of a contract with you.
To manage our relationship with you, including:
– notifying you to changes to our Privacy Policy or Terms of Use;
– asking you to take a survey.
– Identity
– Contact
– Profile
– Marketing and Communications
– Performance of a contract with you;
– Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
– Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and study how our customers user our products).
To administrate and protect our business and website, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data.
– Identity
– Contact
– Technical
– Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganization or restructuring);
– Necessary to comply with a legal obligation.
To use data analytics to improve our website; products, marketing, customer relationships and experiences.
– Technical
– Usage
– Marketing and Communications
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy.
Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising. You may opt out of any communications by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you or by contacting us at any time at privacy@biolifesolutions.com.
Promotional Offers From Us
We may use your identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing).
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased product(s) from us and you have consented to receiving that marketing.
Third Party Marketing
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any third party for marketing purposes.
Opting Out
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you or by contacting us at any time at privacy@biolifesolutions.com.
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, we may need to contact you for other purposes, such as to communicate with you about a purchase that you have made.
Cookies
For information about the cookies we use, please see biolifesolutions.com/cookiepolicy.
For Visitors From the EEA: Change of Purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
WHO WE SHARE YOUR DATA WITH
We may share your personal data with the parties below for the purposes set out in the table above.
Salesforce.com, Inc. https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000KzLyAAK&status=Active
Automattic, Inc. (WordPress)
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000CbqcAAC&status=
Google Analytics  https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Amazon Web Services https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TOWQAA4
PR Newswire Investor Communications
https://www.prnewswire.com/privacy-policy/
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law.  We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data that we provide to them for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes in accordance with our instructions.
FOR VISITORS FROM THEEEA: INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
We may transfer the personal information we collect through our website to other countries where we do business, which may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you originally provided the data.
We will comply with applicable legal requirements by providing adequate protection for the transfer of personal information to data recipients in countries outside of the European Economic Area. To the extent that these data recipients are in countries that have not been recognized by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of data protection, we use appropriate safeguards aimed at ensuring such a level of data protection is in place, including by entering into the European Commission’s EU Standard Contractual Clauses with the data recipients or ensuring that the data recipient has certified to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, or has implemented Binding Corporate Rules.
DATA SECURITY
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
DATA RETENTION: HOW LONG WILL YOU USE MY PERSONAL DATA FOR?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data.  See below for further information.
In some circumstances we will anonymize your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes, in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
FOR VISITORS FROM THE EEA: YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data.
You have the right to:
Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios:
If you want us to establish the data’s accuracy.
Where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it.
Where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
You have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us at privacy@biolifesolutions.com OR complete and submit the form GDPR Request form from our website at www.biolifesolutions.com/GDPR.
No Fee Usually Required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we could refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What We May Need From You
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time Limit to Respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it could take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS: YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Service and website who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information within the immediately preceding calendar year to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to: privacy@biolifesolutions.com.
POLICY REGARDING CHILDREN UNDER 13
Our website, products and services are not meant for use by anyone under the age of 13, and we do not direct our website, products and services to anyone under that age. We therefore do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under 13.
BioLife Privacy Policy (PDF)
Our Privacy Policy has recently been updated to reflect new changes to European Privacy Laws (GDPR). You must agree to this policy before you can continue.
Privacy Preferences
I Agree