https://www.tecquipment.com/privacy-policy
Visit Industrial Site
Case Studies
Downloads
About Us
Contact Us
Work with Us
Events
Videos
Blog
MyAccount
MyQuote
MyBasket
Privacy Policy
TecQuipment Ltd Privacy and Security Policy
TecQuipment
Ltd fully respects and is committed to protecting your privacy.
TecQuipment
follows strict security procedures for storing and disclosing information
you give us, as required by the United Kingdom Data Protection Acts of
1984 and 1998, and the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) of 2016.
We will
not share, sell, trade, or rent the information you provide to any
individuals or organisations outside TecQuipment and its distributors.
TecQuipment,
with the help of a third-party, may monitor customer traffic patterns and
site usage to help develop and improve the design of the web site.
We use
remarketing to help remind users of previous interest in our products.
Third
party vendors, including Google, show our ads on sites on the internet.
Third
party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a
user’s prior visits to our website.
Users
may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising
opt-out page.
[https://www.google.com/settings/u/0/ads/authenticated]
Alternatively,
you can opt out of third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the
Network Advertising Initiative opt out page.
[http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/]
We use a third-party provider, MailChimp, to deliver our newsletter. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter. For more information, please see MailChimp’s privacy notice. You can unsubscribe to general mailings at any time of the day or night by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails or by emailing our marketing manager Dionne Knowles (dionne.knowles@tecquipment.com). Please
note that TecQuipment cannot be held responsible for the content or
privacy practices of other web sites to which tecquipment.com may link.
We
welcome feedback on any aspect of our site, including security and
privacy.
Use of cookies by TecQuipment
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
Cookie
Name
Purpose
Google Analytics Cookies
_utma
_utmb
_utmc
_utmz
These cookies are used to
collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information
to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect
information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the
site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Essential Navigation Cookie
ASP.NET_SessionId
This cookie contains randomly
generated numbers and is essential to the proper operation of the website. It
is used to ensure that correct information is displayed as a visitor
interacts with pages. This cookie is deleted when you close your browser.
If we decide to change our Privacy and Security Policy, we will post the changes on this page. Last updated on 16th May 2018.