http://www.ncyc.co.uk/privacy-policy
My Account
Checkout
Login
No items
Home
Catalogue
Strain Deposit
Confidential Safe Deposit
Deposit in the Open Collection
Patent Deposit
Services
Strain Deposit Service
Identification Services
DNA Fingerprinting
Consultancy and Contract R&D
Training
SGRP Sets
Software
Brewers
Propagation - Bulk Yeast Supply
Yeast Bank - Safe Deposit
Identification/Authentication strains
Prices & Delivery
Links
Help
Contact
Advanced Search
Yeast Search
Yeast Name:
NCYC Number:
Search
Full Catalogue
Type Strains
Brewing Strains
Head Formation:
Any
Good Head
Intermediate
No Head
Deposit:
Any
8-15mm
< 8mm
> 15mm
Attenuation:
Any
1.006-1.008
1.008-1.010
1.010-1.012
1.012-1.014
1.014-1.016
Clarity of Final Product:
Any
0-10
10-20
>20
Fermentation Rate:
Any
0-2°
2-4°
4-6°
6-8°
8-10°
Flocculence:
Any
Flocculent
Non-Flocculent
Search
Baking Strains
Spec. ApplicationStrains +
Any
Accumulation
Assay
Brewing
Degradation / Utilisation
Production
Teaching Strains
Temperature
Testing
Tolerance
Resistance
Baking
Search
Genetically Defined Strains
SGRP Strains +/-
SGRP Set 1
SGRP Set 2
SGRP Set 3
Privacy and Cookies Policy
This  policy sets out how National Collection of Yeast Cultures uses and protects any information that you give when you use this website.
National Collection of Yeast Cultures  is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
National Collection of Yeast Cultures  may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from January 10th 2011.
What we collect
We may collect the following information should you choose to disclose it to us:
First name / last name
Address
Telephone number
Fax number
Email address
VAT number / status
What we do with the information we gather
We only require the details stated above to be captured if you choose to submit an enquiry via the:
Account registration form
Newsletter signup form
Contact us form
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
When we provide services, we want to make them easy, useful and reliable. Where services are delivered on the internet, this sometimes involves placing small amounts of information on your device, for example, your computer or mobile phone. These include small files known as cookies. They cannot be used to identify you personally.
These pieces of information are used to improve services for you, for example, by:
enabling a service to recognise your device so you don't have to give the same information several times during one task
recognising that you may already have given a username and password so you don't need to do it for every web page requested
measuring how many people are using our services, so they can be made easier to use and there is enough capacity to ensure they are fast
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you visit our site.
For more information on deleting and controlling cookies visit AboutCookies.org.
Cookies for improving service
Google Analytics sets cookies to help us accurately estimate the number of visitors to the website and volumes of usage. This is to ensure that we provide a fast service that is available when you want it. You may wish to visit Google's Privacy Center.
Home
Search Catalogue
Advanced Search
SGRP Sets
Prices & Delivery
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Accessibility
Privacy Policy
National Collection of Yeast Cultures,
Quadram Institute Bioscience,
Norwich Research Park,
Norwich, NR4 7UQ, UK
+44 (0)1603 255274
Find Us On Twitter
© National Collection of Yeast Cultures 2020
Powered by Empresa Limited