https://www.segway.com/ccpa-privacy-notice/
Segway Inc. Privacy Notice for California Residents
Effective Date: June 30, 2020
This Privacy Notice for California Residents supplements the information contained in Segway Inc.’s (Segway) Privacy Policy and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Notice.
Information We Collect
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household, or device (“personal information“). Personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.
Deidentified or aggregated consumer information.
Information excluded from the CCPA’s scope, like: health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data;
During the twelve-month period prior to the effective date of this notice, we may have collected the following categories of personal information from consumers:
Identifiers: such as name, address, email address or account name.
California Customer Records personal information listed in the Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e): such as name, signature, telephone number or credit/debit card number.
Protected classification characteristics: such as age, race or gender.
Commercial information: such as products or services purchased, purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Internet or other similar network activity: such as browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
Geolocation data: such as physical location or movement.
Sensory data: such as recording of customer service phone calls and/or voice messages.
Professional or Employment related information: such as your current job.
Education information: such as a consumer’s education level and student status.
Inferences drawn from other personal information: such as profile reflecting a person’s preferences and/or characteristics.
We have obtained personal information from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you. For example, from forms and/or information that you provide in connection with products and services you purchase, customer service and/or warranty claim you seek or registration of an account or as a member by you at the Website.
Indirectly from you. For example, from observing your actions on our Website and/or your interaction with digital advertising.
From other sources, such as advertising networks, internet service providers, data analytic providers, government entities, operating systems and platforms, social networks, or data brokers;
We may have used and/or disclosed personal information we collect for one or more of the following business or commercial purposes.
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you provide your personal information to purchase a product or service, we will use that information to process your payment, facilitate delivery and/or process your customer service request.
To provide, support, personalize, and develop our Website, products, and services.
To create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us.
To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud.
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.
To personalize your Website experience and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our Website, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law).
To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our Website, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business.
For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our Website, products, and services.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed and/or shared the following categories of personal information:
Identifiers.
California Customer Records personal information categories.
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Commercial information.
Internet or other similar network activity.
Geolocation data.
Sensory data.
Inferences drawn from other personal information.
We may have disclosed personal information to the following categories of third parties:
Service providers.
Government entities.
Operating systems and platforms.
Social networks.
Affiliates.
Business and/or marketing partners.
Internet cookie data recipients.
Categories of personal information sold. We do not sell personal information in exchange for cash or equivalent consideration as the term of “sale” is traditionally understood. However, under certain circumstances, a transfer and/or making available of personal information to a third party may be considered as sale of such information under CCPA. In the preceding twelve (12) months, Company has sold the following categories of personal information:
Internet or other similar network activity.
Inferences drawn from other personal information.
We do not sell the personal information of consumers under the age of 16 if we have actual knowledge of the individual’s age.
Your Rights and Choices
You have the following rights under CCPA
Access. You have the right to request us to disclose to you certain information about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal
information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion. You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Verifiable request. To exercise the access and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Calling us at 888-523-5583.
Emailing us at privacylegal@segway.com.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time 90 days, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Opt-Out of Sales. If you are 16 years of age or older, you have the right to direct us to not sell your personal information at any time (the “right to opt-out”). To exercise the right to opt-out, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request to us by visiting the following Internet Web page link:
“Do Not Sell My Personal Information”
California’s “Shine the Light” law permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please email us at: privacylegal@segway.com
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to amend this privacy notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this privacy notice, we will post the updated notice on the Website and update the notice’s effective date. Your continued use of our Website following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this notice, the ways in which we collect and use your information described here and in the Privacy Policy, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Phone: 888-523-5583
Website: https://www.segway.com/
Email: privacylegal@segway.com
Postal Address:
Segway Inc.
Attn: Legal Department
14 Technology Drive Bedford, NH 03110
Find a Dealer
Looking to purchase a new Segway PT? Need to replace batteries or add some accessories to a PT you already own? We have what you need! Find your nearest dealer by clicking below.
See Dealers
Find Service Centers
We know that even a product as solidly built as the Segway PT may need service from time to time. When that time arrives, use the link below to find the service location closest to you.
See Service Centers
Find a Tour
Whether you’re on vacation, need a unique team-building exercise, or simply looking to experience the thrill of riding a Segway PT, a Segway Authorized Tour is the perfect choice.
See Tours
CONTACT US
To reach customer service, please email us at technicalsupport@segway.com
Contact Us
Join Now and
Get Exclusive Offers
The Ninebot Gokart Pro campaign will
go live soon on Indiegogo.
Be among the first to get notified when we launch.
×
This website stores data such as cookies to enable important site functionality including analytics, targeting, and personalization.OKDenyCookie Policy