https://www.savethemanatee.org/how-to-help/support-manatee-protection/
HomeHow to HelpSupport Manatee Protection
Support Manatee Protection
We need your help today to ensure a better future for manatees tomorrow. Your tax-deductible contribution to Save the Manatee Club provides essential funding for Club programs such as public awareness and education programs; manatee research, rescue, and rehabilitation efforts; and advocacy and legal action to ensure better protection for manatees and their aquatic habitat.
Learn About Our WorkPlanned or Legacy Giving
Give to Save the Manatee CLUB
You can donate online at our secure site, use Paypal, make a gift over the phone, or print a donation form to mail. Other gift options are listed below. Make donations to our Amazon Wish List by selecting “Other Ways to Donate” below.
Donate Online
Donate Using Paypal
Donations by Phone
If you live in the United States or Canada, call SMC at 1-800-432-5646. All other countries can call 407-539-0990. You can use your card credit to make a donation.  Our phones are open Monday through Friday from 8:30 a.m. until 4:30 p.m. EST.  We accept Visa, Master Card, American Express, or Discover.  We look forward to assisting you when you call to make a gift to Save the Manatee Club in support of manatee protection.
Print a Donation Form
To help support manatee protection, please click the following link download our donation form and mail or fax with a check, money order, or credit card information. Questions? Contact us at membership@savethemanatee.org
Mail To:
Save the Manatee Club
500 N. Maitland Ave., Suite 210
Maitland, FL 32751
Attn: Donations
Fax: Fax the donation form to 407-539-0871.
Monthly Giving Program
You can make a difference for manatees when you join our monthly giving program. Your monthly gift, sent via credit card or electronic funds transfer, can help us provide vital support to manatees by ensuring that the resources we need for our ongoing programs are always available. All you have to do is click the following link to complete our secure online form. Choose “Yes, automatically repeat this gift every month” under “Enter a Gift Amount.”
For more information about our Monthly Giving Program, please call 1-800-432-JOIN (5646) or send an email to donate@savethemanatee.org.
Give in Memory or for a Special Occasion
If you would like to make a donation to Save the Manatee Club as a memorial gift or to honor a loved one on a special occasion, please click the following link to go to our secure online form. Check the box that reads “Yes, this is an honor or memorial gift” under the heading “Memorial/Honor Information.” You can also download a Tribute Form to print, fill out, and send via regular mail. If you have any questions, please call our office toll free at 1-800-432-JOIN (5646) or send an email to donate@savethemanatee.org.
Gift of Stock
To donate a gift of stock to SMC, call us toll free at 1-800-432-5646 for our DTC number and broker account number.  We are also able to fax or email this information to you or your stockbroker upon request.
Planned or Legacy Giving
There are several ways you can help manatees now and beyond your lifetime. Please be sure to consult your attorney about the best options for you.
About Save the Manatee Club
Save the Manatee Club is recognized as the world’s leading manatee conservation organization. It has been the voice for manatees since 1981, when it was established by singer/songwriter Jimmy Buffett and former Florida governor and U.S. Senator Bob Graham to protect manatees and their aquatic habitat for future generations.
Read more about Save the Manatee Club’s extensive list of accomplishments.
Estate Planning
Click here for more information.
Include Save the Manatee Club in your will or trust.
Gift Save the Manatee Club now and receive lifetime income and tax benefits from a gift annuity or charitable remainder trust.
Name Save the Manatee Club a beneficiary of a life insurance policy or the remainder of a retirement plan after your lifetime.
Donate real estate now and receive tax benefits.
Ready to get started? We’ve partnered with FreeWill to provide the Save the Manatee Club with an online tool to help make estate planning easier. You can write your legal will in 20 minutes or less, at no personal cost, and easily create a gift to support manatees in your plans.
Other Ways You Can Donate:
Ask your employer if they have a Matching Gifts Program. Many employers will match your contribution, or even double your gift.
Donate gifts of stock. Use this free tool to learn more and get started on this tax-savvy form of giving.
If you are a federal employee, designate Save the Manatee Club to receive your payroll deduction contributions. The Club is a member of the Wild Animals Worldwide Federation, part of Independent Charities of America. Our Combined Federal Campaign (CFC) registration number is 20422.
If you participate in a local or state workplace giving campaign, you can also designate Save the Manatee Club to receive your contributions.
Adopt-A-Manatee®. Please click here for more information.
Purchase Save the Manatee Club’s manatee-related gift merchandise.
Make monthly automatic donations to Save the Manatee Club. Please click the following link to give a monthly gift. Choose “Yes, automatically repeat this gift every month” under “Enter a Gift Amount.”
If you’re 70.5 or older, create a taxwise gift from your IRA to maximize your savings and your impact on manatees. Use this free tool to learn more and get started.
Please consult your attorney or financial planner about including Save the Manatee Club in your estate planning and other planned giving options.
Legal Designation
The following is the legal designation of Save the Manatee Club:
Save the Manatee Club, Inc., a not-for-profit 501c3 organization organized under the laws of Florida and having its offices at 500 N. Maitland Avenue, Maitland, Florida 32751. Federal Tax Identification Number: 59-3131709.
For further information, please contact:
Patrick Rose, Aquatic Biologist, Executive Director
Save the Manatee Club
500 N. Maitland Avenue
Maitland, Florida 32751
Phone: 407-539-0990
Fax: 407-539-0871
E-mail: prose@savethemanatee.org
If you have already included Save the Manatee Club in your plans, please take a moment to let us know so that we can recognize your thoughtfulness and kindness.
Other Ways to Donate
Purchase an Item from Our Manatee Wish List
Our “Wish List” of items on Amazon.com will be used for manatee research, rescue, rehabilitation, and education efforts. The list includes items for Save the Manatee Club projects in the U.S. and also for our international partners. There are different items at various prices, and your gift is tax-deductible.
Save the Manatee Club Wish List
Shop at AmazonSmile
When you do, Amazon will make a donation to Save the Manatee Club. Start shopping and help manatees today!
Buy and Sell on eBay for Manatees
Save the Manatee Club is part of the eBay Giving Works program, and you can support our mission when you buy and sell on eBay. When you buy an item from our Giving Works page, the seller will donate to our cause. You can also support manatees when you sell on eBay. Just designate our organization to receive 10-100% of your final sale price the next time you list an item.
Use GoodSearch or GoodShop
Earn money for Save the Manatee Club every time you search the Internet or purchase an item. Just register and choose Save the Manatee Club as your cause.
iGiveShop at iGive
Join iGive and start shopping! Every time you purchase an item at one of the name-brand stores in the iGive.com Mall, Save the Manatee Club receives a donation.
Investing in Communities
Buying or selling a house or business property? Looking to lease an office space? By choosing Investing in Communities (IIC), a socially responsible professional, for your next real estate transaction, you or your business can support Save the Manatee Club’s work at no personal cost.
Donate Your Vehicle for Manatees!
Do you have an unwanted vehicle? Don’t trade it in! Donate it to Save the Manatee Club. For more information, click on the icon or link above or call 1-877-999-8322. It’s easy and tax deductible.
Create Your Own Online Fundraising Page!
You can help manatees by creating your own online fundraising page for manatees. It’s free and fun. Personalize your page by including photos and video, and tell the world why you love manatees.
Buy a Swift Paddle and Help Manatees
Eddyline Kayaks will donate a portion of each manatee paddle sold to Save the Manatee Club for manatee protection efforts. Click on the link to see the manatee pattern and then choose “Find a Dealer” under the Quick Links.
Questions?
Please send an email to donate@savethemanatee.org or call toll free 1-800-432-5646.
About Us
Our Vision and Mission
Staff
Contact Us
Jobs and Internships
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
How to Help
Report An Injury
Adopt-A-Manatee®
Renew Membership
Donate
Shop
Take Action!
Guardian Guides
Get Resources
Free Materials
For Boaters
For Swimmers & Divers
Volunteer
More Ways to Help
Manatees
Facts
Webcams
Viewing
FAQ
Reproduction
Sounds
Mortality
Population
Migration
Rescue and Rehab
Sirenians Of The World
Climate Change
Tracking
Education Materials
News
Press Releases
Opinion Editorials
Features
In the News
Press Resources/PSAs
Press Contact
Manatee Photos
Upcoming Events