https://www.cimne.com/3011/policy
PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy establishes the way in which personal data shall be managed on this website. It is essential that you read and accept the terms before you continue browsing.
CIMNE is the website for the CENTRE INTERNACIONAL DE MÈTODES NUMÈRICS A L’ENGINYERIA (hereinafter, CIMNE) with Tax ID (CIF) number Q5850006G.
Transparency is one of the values which defines us and, for that reason we want you to know from the start that the privacy of your data is very important to us. This privacy statement explains what personal data we collect from our users and how we use it. We invite you to read these terms carefully before providing your personal data on this website.
This website respects and protects the personal data of users. As a user, you should know that your rights are guaranteed.
We have endeavoured to create a secure and reliable space and for this reason, we want to share our principles regarding your privacy:
We never request any personal information unless it is absolutely necessary to provide the services that you require.
We never share personal information about our users with anybody, except to comply with the law or in case we have your express authorisation.
We shall never use your personal data for a purpose other than that stated in this privacy policy.
It should be noted that this Privacy Policy may vary depending on legislative or self-regulatory requirements, so users are advised to review it periodically. It shall be applicable in the event that users decide to fill out a contact form where personal data are collected.
CIMNE has adapted this website to the requirements of Organic Law 15/1999 of 13 December on the Protection of Personal Data (LOPD), and of Royal Decree 1720/2007 of 21 December approving the Regulations implementing LOPD. It also complies with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation), as well as with Law 34/2002 of 11 July, regulating Information Society Services and Electronic Commerce (LSSICE or LSSI) and Law 3/2018 of 5 December, on Protection of Personal Data and Guarantee of Digital Rights.
PERSONAL DATA CONTROLLER
Identity of the Data Controller: CENTRE INTERNACIONAL DE MÈTODES NUMÈRICS A L’ENGINYERIA.
Business name: CIMNE.
Tax ID (NIF/CIF): Q5850006G
Address: C / Gran Capitán, s/n Edificio C1 - 2ª Planta - Despacho C15 -Campus Norte – UPC 08034 Barcelona.
Email: dpo@cimne.upc.edu
Activity: Research and development centre for numerical methods in engineering. Organisation of worldwide congresses, conferences and seminars.
For the purposes of the provisions of the aforementioned General Data Protection Regulation, the personal data which are sent through the website forms shall be processed as "web users and subscribers".
For the processing of our users’ data, all the technical and organisational security measures established in the current legislation are implemented.
PRINCIPLES THAT APPLY TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
In the processing of your personal data, we shall apply the following principles that meet the requirements of the new GDPR:
Principle of lawfulness, loyalty and transparency: we shall always require your consent for processing your personal data for one or more specific purposes, of which you shall be informed in advance with full transparency.
Principle of data minimisation: we shall only request data that are limited to what is necessary in relation to the processing purposes.
Principle of storage limitation: data shall be stored for no longer than the period necessary for processing purposes. Depending on the purpose, you shall be informed of the corresponding storage period. In the case of subscriptions, we shall regularly review our lists deleting those records that have been inactive for a considerable period of time.
Principle of integrity and confidentiality: your personal data shall be processed in such a way as to ensure their security and confidentiality. You should know that we shall instal safeguards against any unauthorised access or misuse of user data by third parties.
HOW DO WE OBTAIN YOUR DATA?
The personal data we process at CIMNE come from:
Contact form
Subscription to our newsletters
Registration to our courses, seminars or conferences
WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS WHEN YOU PROVIDE US WITH YOUR DATA?
Anyone is entitled to obtain confirmation from CIMNE as to whether or not their personal data are being processed.
Data subjects shall have the right to:
Request access to their personal data
Request rectification or erasure
Request limitation of processing
Oppose processing
Request data portability
Data subjects shall be able to access personal data as well as to rectify inaccurate data or, if applicable, request their erasure when, among other reasons, the data are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected. In certain circumstances, data subjects may request the opposition or limitation of the processing of their data, in which case data shall only be kept for the purpose of exercising or defending claims.
In certain circumstances, and for reasons related to their personal situation, data subjects may oppose the processing of their personal data. CIMNE shall then stop processing the data, except for legitimate compelling grounds or for the purpose of exercising or defending claims.
As the data subject, if you exercise your right to portability, you are entitled to receive the personal data that you have provided to us in a commonly used, machine-readable and structured format, and to forward them to another data controller when:
The processing is based on consent
The data have been provided by the data subject
The data are processed by automatic means
By exercising your right to data portability, you shall be entitled to have your data directly transmitted from controller to controller whenever it is technically possible.
Data subjects shall also have the right to effective judicial protection and to lodge a complaint before the supervisory authority, in this case, the Spanish Data Protection Agency, if they consider that the processing of their personal data infringes their rights and freedoms.
TO WHAT END DO WE PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
When users connect to this website to, for instance, comment on a post, send an email to the owner, subscribe or enter into or carry out some kind of contract, they are providing personal information which CIMNE is responsible for. Said information may include personal data such as your IP address, name, physical address, email address, telephone number, and other information. By providing this information, users consent to their information being collected, used, managed, and stored by CIMNE only as described in the Legal Notice and in this Privacy Policy.
At CIMNE, there are various data capture systems, and we process the information provided by the data subjects with the following purposes for each capture system (forms):
Contact form: we request the following personal information: name and email address to meet the requirements of CIMNE’s users. For instance, we can use these data to respond to your requests, questions, complaints, comments or concerns you may have regarding the information included on the website, the services we provide through it, the processing of your personal data, questions concerning the legal texts included in the website, as well as any other queries you may have and that are not subject to contractual conditions. We inform you that the data you provide shall be in the servers of CIMNE and UPCnet within the EU.
There are other purposes for which we process your personal data:
To ensure compliance with the terms of use and the applicable law. This may include the development of tools and algorithms that help this website guarantee the confidentiality of the personal data it collects.
To support and improve the services offered by this website.
To sell courses and online products
We also collect other non-identifying data obtained through certain cookies that are downloaded onto the user’s computer when browsing this website, which are detailed in the cookies policy.
In accordance with the provisions of the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (GDPR), CIMNE, with Tax ID (CIF) number Q5850006G and address at C / Gran Capitán, s/n Edificio C1 - 2ª Planta - Despacho C15 -Campus Norte – UPC 08034 Barcelona shall be responsible for processing the data corresponding to website users and subscribers.
CIMNE does not sell, lease or transfer personal data that enables identification of the user, nor shall it do so in the future, to third parties without prior consent. Nevertheless, in certain cases, collaborations may be carried out with other professionals, in which cases, users shall be previously required to give their consent, and they shall be informed of the identity of the collaborator and the purpose of the collaboration. This shall always be carried out with the strictest security and confidentiality standards.
LEGITIMISATION FOR THE PROCESSING OF YOUR DATA
The legal basis for the processing of your data is: consent.
Consent with this privacy policy is required in order to contact or make comments on this website.
The offer of services and commercial or prospective products is based on the requested consent, and in no case shall the withdrawal of this consent condition the execution of the subscription contract.
DATA CATEGORY
The data categories processed refer to identifying data: full name, address, telephone number and ID number (NIF). Specially protected data categories are not processed.
HOW LONG SHALL WE KEEP YOUR DATA?
The personal data provided shall be kept:
Until erasure is requested by the data subject.
For the duration of the commercial or professional relationship with CIMNE and five years after you cease to use the service as a customer according to the tax regulations in force. Under these regulations, CENTRE INTERNACIONAL DE MÈTODES NUMÈRICS A L’ENGINYERIA-CIMNE informs that the personal data provided in job application forms shall be kept for no longer than two years.
TO WHICH RECIPIENTS SHALL YOUR DATA BE COMMUNICATED?
To provide strictly necessary services for the development of the activity, CIMNE shares data with the following providers under their corresponding privacy conditions:
Google Analytics: a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. a Delaware company headquartered at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View (California), CA 94043, United States ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer to help us analyse how users behave on the website. The information generated by the cookies on your use of the CIMNE website (including your IP address) shall be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
BROWSING
When browsing on CIMNE, non-identifiable data may be collected, including IP addresses, geographic location (approximately), a record of how services and sites are used, and other data that cannot be used to identify the user. The non-identifying data also include information related to your browsing habits through third party services. This website uses the following third party analysis services:
Google analytics
We use this information to analyse trends, manage the site, track the movements of users around the site and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
DATA SECRECY AND SECURITY
CIMNE is committed to the use and processing of the personal data included by users, respecting their confidentiality and using them in accordance with the purpose thereof, as well as complying with its obligation to keep them and adopt all measures to prevent their alteration, loss, unauthorised processing or access, in accordance with the provisions of current data protection regulations.
This website includes an SSL certificate. It is a security protocol that makes your data travel in a complete and secure manner, i.e., the transmission of data between a server and web user, and vice versa, is fully coded and encrypted.
CIMNE cannot guarantee the absolute impregnability of the Internet and subsequently, the violation of data through fraudulent access by third parties, being unable to assume any responsibility for such attacks.
With respect to the confidentiality of processing, CIMNE shall ensure that any person who is authorised by CIMNE to process user and customer data (including its staff, partners and providers), shall be subject to the appropriate obligation of confidentiality (whether contractual or legal duty).
In the event of any security incident or infringement of rights and freedoms, and as soon as it becomes aware of the same, CIMNE shall notify the customer and the user without undue delay and shall provide timely information relating to the Security Incident as it becomes known or when reasonably requested by the customer.
DATA ACCURACY AND VERACITY
As user, you are solely responsible for the veracity and correctness of the data that you provide to us, exonerating CIMNE from any liability in this regard, even when providing data on third parties.
In any case, users guarantee and respond for the accuracy, validity and authenticity of the personal data provided, and undertake to keep them properly updated. The user agrees to provide complete and correct information in the contact or subscription form. In the event that data on third parties are provided, he or she shall require their prior expressed consent.
ACCEPTANCE AND CONSENT
The user hereby declares to have been informed of the personal data protection terms, accepting and consenting to the processing thereof by CIMNE in the form and for the purposes indicated in this privacy policy.
REVOCABILITY
The consent granted both for the processing and for the transfer of data of subjects may be revoked at any time by communicating it to CIMNE by email at dpo@cimne.upc.edu in the terms established in this Policy for the exercise of the rights of rectification, limitation, opposition, erasure and portability. The revocation of this consent shall in no case be retroactive.
CHANGES IN THE PRIVACY POLICY
CIMNE reserves the right to modify this policy in order to adapt it to new legislation or jurisprudence, as well as to industry practices. In such cases, CIMNE shall announce in this page the changes made with reasonable notice before their implementation.
COMMERCIAL EMAILS
In accordance with the LSSICE, CIMNE does not engage in SPAM practices, and therefore does not send commercial emails that have not been previously requested or authorised by the user. Accordingly, in each of the forms on the website, the user has the option of giving his or her explicit consent to receive the newsletter, regardless of the specifically-requested commercial information.
In accordance with the provisions of Law 34/2002 on Information Society Services and Electronic Commerce, CIMNE is committed not to send commercial communications without properly identifying them.
Barcelona, August 2019