https://www.mathhelp.com/privacy/
https://member.mathhelp.com/api/auth/?token=Privacy
Our Promise of PrivacyMathHelp.com is committed to protecting the privacy of our students and their families, and we treat any information you share with discretion, care and respect. This notice describes MathHelp.com’s privacy policy for information we may collect from individuals both online (on our website (the “Site”)) and offline (such as by mail or telephone). By submitting personal information to us or using our Site, you signify your acceptance of this privacy policy. Please do not submit any personal information to us if you object to these terms.What types of personal and non-personal information do we gather online and offline?We gather personally identifiable information when you contact MathHelp.com by mail, phone, e-mail; visit our Site; or fill out requests for information through our advertisements and promotions; and subscribe to newsletters. We collect only personal information that you provide to us such as: name, address, phone number, e-mail address, responses to specific questions (e.g., reasons for visiting our Site, interest in math and math test preparation services, the age of a child that requires a math program, and for orders, shipping and billing information (i.e., credit card number and expiration date). We may also record the types of product information you have requested on the Site.Like most Web sites, we may also add to the above personally identifiable information a variety of technical data, including (but not limited to) your IP address (a unique number that identifies your access account on the Internet), domain, and Web browser information. We may track the page you visited before coming to our Site, the page you link to when you leave, which of our pages you access, and how long you spend on each page.How do we use the personal information that we gather?We use personally identifiable information for billing purposes, to respond to consumers’ requests, to provide consumers with special offers, and to notify consumers of new product launches. We also use personally identifiable information to personalize your experience on our Site, to customize our programs, to recommend products that are best suited to a particular child’s educational needs, and to allow us to better understand how MathHelp.com may serve your needs.How is non-personally identifiable data used?We use non-personally identifiable data for internal business and marketing purposes, and share such data with third parties, including current or potential business partners. For example, we occasionally use information about what banners or links have brought you to our Site to measure online advertising effectiveness and to determine payment to our online advertising partners.What about cookies?We receive and store certain types of information automatically through the use of “cookies” Cookies are files that your Web browser places on your computer’s hard drive. We use cookies to track your experience with this Site, to keep track of items you put into your shopping cart, to tell us whether you have visited this Site previously, and to help us determine if you came from a particular link or banner advertisement. You may set your browser to reject cookies, but this may limit some functionality of the Site. We do not use cookies or gifs to retrieve personal information about you from your computer.Do we disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties?From time to time, we may provide your name, address and telephone number and your email address to independent third parties. If you do not want us to disclose this information to these companies, please write to us at: MathHelp.com, 815 Walker #1655, Houston, TX or e-mail us at sales@mathhelp.com with your full name in the subject line. Please be sure to include your first name, last name, address, city, state, zip code, and phone number to ensure we can process your request. We will process your request promptly. Please be aware that you may receive another contact before your name removal takes effect. We regret any inconvenience this may cause.We may also provide personally-identifiable information to our affiliated companies or to third parties that we use for our own business purposes, such as to process your order or request for information, or to provide services for us. Notwithstanding anything else in this policy, we may: (a) disclose personal and aggregate information when required by a valid legal mechanism such as a search warrant, subpoena, or court, governmental or administrative order, or when we deem it necessary to protect the integrity of our Site or the safety of Site users, our employees or property; and (b) disclose personal information in the context of the sale of some or all of our assets or other transfer of our business. In such event, we may retain a copy of the transferred information.How secure is the credit card information I enter online?
We protect the security of the credit card information you provide online by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input into our shopping cart during transmission to our servers and is stored in secure locations. We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card number when confirming an order placed online. Of course, we do transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing. Please understand that no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guaranty the security of the Site or of any information that is transmitted to us over the Internet.How are e-mail links treated?We use e-mail links located on the “Contact Us” page to allow you to contact us directly with any questions or comments you may have. We read every message sent in and try to reply promptly to each one. This information is used to respond directly to your questions or comments. We may also file your comments to improve the website and learning programs, or review and discard the information.Can I opt out of receiving communications from MathHelp.com?Yes. We will process your request promptly. Please send an email to sales@mathhelp.com. Please include your first name, last name, address, city, state, zip code, and phone number to ensure we can process your request.What about links to other websites?This Site may contain links to other Web sites controlled by third parties. MathHelp.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. Additionally the existence of any external link does not suggest that we endorse the linked company or its products or services. We recommend that you read the privacy policies of each Web site that you visit.How can I modify my personal information?This Site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided: Send us a letter at the following address. Please include your first name, last name, address, city, state, zip code, and phone number to ensure we can process your request.MathHelp.com
4101 Greenbriar Dr., Ste. 205K
Houston, TX 77098Will this policy change?If at some future time there is a material change to our information usage practices that affect your personally identifiable information, we will notify you of the relevant changes on this Site. If you are concerned about how your information is used, please check the Site periodically to review our current privacy policy.How do I contact the Web Site?If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, including if you would like to review any personally identifiable information that we have collected online from your child, have this information deleted, and/or request that there be no further collection or use of your child’s information, please contact us at the following e-mail address: sales@mathhelp.com.
Login to your accountEnter your information to sign in
Forgot password?
Show password
Cookies are not enabled on your browser. Please enable cookies in your browser preferences to continue.After you're corrected the required setting(s) refresh/reload this page.If you need assistance please contact support@mathhelp.comLesson limit reachedThe learning doesn't have to stop!Become a MathHelp.com member today and receive unlimited access to lessons, grade reports, practice tests, and more!
Become a memberAlready a member?
Forgot password?
The learning doesn't have to stop!Become a MathHelp.com member today and receive unlimited access to lessons, grade reports, reviews and more!
Become a member
Forgot password?
Select your categoryTest PrepMiddle and High SchoolCollegeCancelWhich test are you preparing for?CancelSelect your course
5th Grade Math
6th Grade Math
Pre-Algebra
Algebra 1
Geometry
Algebra 2CancelSelect your course
College Pre-Algebra
Introductory Algebra
Intermediate Algebra
College AlgebraCancelSelect your testWhich college are you attending?Cancel