http://www.excel-world.co.uk/pages/privacy.asp
skip to: page content | links on this page | site navigation | footer (site information)
Company
Who we are
Scope of Activities
Experience
Key Achievements
Management Team
Training & Consultancy
AccreditedCourses
ISO CertificationProcess
Flexible DeliveryOptions
Approach toTraining
Meeting BusinessNeeds
In-houseSolutions
Consultancy
Courses
Quality ISO 9001
Environment ISO 14001
Health & Safety OHSAS 18001
Automotive IATF 16949
Telecoms TL 9000
Labs & Inspection ISO/IEC 17025 ISO/IEC 17020 ISO 15189
Business Improvement
Information Security ISO/IEC 27001
Measurement & Calibration
Medical Devices ISO 13485ISO 14791
Customer Info
Residential Advantages
Testimonials
Definition of Terms
News & Reviews
Technical Information
Useful Links
Contact
In-house Training
Overseas Customers
Public Courses
General Enquires
PRIVACY & COOKIES POLICY
Who we are
In this privacy policy references to “we”, “us”, “our” and “Excel” are
to Excel Partnership. References to “our Website” or “the
Website” are to www.excel-world.co.uk
What
information we collect and how
The information we collect via the Website
may include.
1. Any personal details you knowingly provide us with through forms and
our email, such as name, address, emails, location etc.
2. Data recorded by the Website, which allows us to recognise you and
your preferred settings, this saves you from re-entering information
on return visits to the site. Such data is recorded locally on your computer
through the use of cookies. Most browsers can be programmed to reject,
or warn you before downloading cookies, information regarding this may
be found in your browsers
‘help’ facility.
What we do with
your information
Any personal information we collect from this website
will be used in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and other
applicable laws.
We may need to pass the information we collect to other companies for
administrative purposes. We may use third parties to carry out certain
activities, such as processing and sorting data, monitoring how customers
use the Website and issuing our e-mails for us. Third parties will not
be allowed to use your personal information for their own purposes or
pass on or sell your details.
Your Rights
You have the right to request a copy of any information that
we currently hold about you. In order to receive such information please
send your contact details including address to training@excel-world.co.uk
Other
Websites
This privacy policy only covers this website. Any other websites
which may be linked to by our website are subject to their own policy,
which may differ from ours.
Copyright
The copyright and material contained in this website belong to and remain
the property of Excel.  Your access to it does not imply a
license to reproduce, transmit and/or distribute this information in
any form or by any means and you are not allowed to do so without Excel ’s
prior written consent.
If you have any queries regarding our privacy policy then please e-mail
Sarah Lucas.
Cookies
Cookies are tiny text files stored on your computer when you visit certain web pages. At Excel World we use cookies for analytics and certain forms to remember you when you return to our site.
If you'd like to learn more about cookies in general and how to manage them, visit aboutcookies.org (opens in a new window).
The cookies we use are:
_utma, _utmb, _utmc, _utmz - These cookies enable the function of Google Analytics. The data stored by these cookies can be seen only by Excel World and Google and never shows any confidential information.
_downloads - We set this cookie when you fill out our downloads form so that the next time you come to the website you can get straight to your downloads without having to fill in the form again. The only information this cookie holds is the name you registered with us, is does not hold any of your other details. Clearing your browser cookies will delete this cookie.
Back to top ^
What our customers say...
The tutor is one of the best instructors I have ever received training from.
He helped simplify complex material and provided support to every student which inspired positive learning.
He also made key points and issues easily understandable by using past experience, keeping the course lively and interesting.~DaimlerChrysler
Excel Global Ltd trading as Excel Partnership.  Company registered in England and Wales No. 3619976.
Office: 25, Silverthorn Drive, Longdean Park, Hemel Hempstead, Herts, HP3 8BX
©2013 Excel Partnership |
ISO training | IRCA & IEMA Approved Auditor Training
All rights reserved.
Designed by kc web design
Privacy & Cookie Policy | Sitemap
Like a straight rolex replica slender rod-shaped hour scale and the replica watches uk clock minutes of the clock, with the noble replica watches princess pointer, showing elegant classic temperament, simple swiss replica watches atmosphere, low-key fashion.