https://www.bugseng.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
We at BUGSENG are committed to respecting your online privacy and recognize your need for appropriate protection and management of any information you share with us by using our web sites.This privacy statement explains our philosophy and approach to the gathering and dissemination of information for our websites and other communication media, including email, newsletters, and other electronic forms.Be assured that we will treat all the information you provide with the utmost confidentiality and the personal data gathered by this website will not be made publicly available on the web or to any third parties, unless required by law or by technical requirements connected with the provision of this service.Please note that REG. UE 2016/679 (GDPR) and also that the Italian law, under Legislative Decree 196/2003, protect people and other subjects in the processing of their personal information. Pursuant to this law, your personal information will be processed fairly, lawfully and transparently, without infringing on your privacy or your rights. The information you will send to us will not be disclosed to any third party without your prior authorization. In accordance with Article 13 of REG. UE 2016/679 (GDPR) and Legislative Decree 196/2003, it is possible to request, free of charge and at any time, the verification, cancellation, or modification of the user’s own personal data, or to receive a list of those responsible for processing, by sending an email to info@bugseng.com, or by written communication to: BUGSENG srl – Parco Area delle Scienze, 53/A, – I-43124 Parma (Italy).The owner of this treatment is BUGSENG s.r.l. The treatment will be carried out with the help of computer systems by the owner and by operators in charge of processing.It is designed for the distribution of the services requested, the processing of statistics about the use of the services themselves, and the delivery of promotional information both in digital and paper format.ConsentBy using any of our websites, you consent to the terms of the BUGSENG s.r.l. Privacy Policy and to our processing of personally identifiable information for the purposes given above.Use your informationWe may periodically send you emails about new products, services, industry news or upcoming events, and we track opens and click-throughs on these emails. If you do not wish to receive such emails, simply click the “unsubscribe” link in any email you receive from us. We may also share your personal information with our distributors and partners when required to complete any transaction or provide any offering you have requested. In particular, if you are based in DACH countries your personal information will be shared with Hitex GmbH - Greschbachstr. 12, 76229 Karlsruhe, Germany;  if you are based in APAC countries, except for China, Japan and several others*, your personal information will be shared with Menlopark Technologies Private Limited -  4th Floor, Plot # 218, AIKYA VIHAR Madhapur, Hyderabad - 500 033, India.*Bhutan, Brunei, Fiji, Kiribati, Macau (China), Maldives, Marshall Islands, Micronesia, Mongolia, Myanmar, Nauru, Nepal, Palau, Papua New Guinea, Samoa, Solomon Islands, South Korea, Timor-Leste, Tonga, Tuvalu, Vanuatu. Storing your personal dataWe do our utmost to ensure that all reasonable steps are taken to make sure that your data is stored securely.Information about the use of cookiesThis website uses cookies and other similar technologies to guarantee the correct functioning of the procedures and to improve the user experience of the online applications. Detailed information about the use of cookies is provided below.DefinitionsCookies are brief fragments of text (letters and/or numbers) allowing the web server to memorize on the client server (the browser) information to be used again during a visit to the site (session cookies) or during a subsequent visit, even after some days (persistent cookies). Cookies are memorized, according to user preferences, by the individual browser on the specific device used (computer, tablet, smartphone).Similar technologies, such as web beacons, transparent GIFs and all the forms of local storage introduced with HTML5, are used to gather information about the user’s behavior and use of services.Here below we will refer to cookies and to all similar technologies using simply the term “cookies”.Types of cookiesVarious categories of cookie can be defined on the basis of their characteristics and usage:Cookies strictly necessary for site functionality (technical cookies). These cookies are fundamental to the correct functioning of our site. The duration of these cookies is strictly limited to the work session (they are cancelled on closure of the browser).Cookies for analysis and performance. These are used to gather and analyze the traffic and usage of the site anonymously. Although they do not identify the user, they allow the system to identify whether the same user returns to the site on different occasions. They allow the system to be monitored and performance and usability to be improved. The deactivation of these cookies can be carried out without loss of functionality.Cookies for profiling. These are permanent cookies used to identify (sometimes anonymously, sometimes not) user preferences and to improve their browsing experience. Our site does not use this type of cookie.Third party cookies When visiting a website the user can receive cookies both from the site visited (“owner cookies”), and from sites managed by other organizations (“third party cookies”). The “social plugins” for Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and LinkedIn are examples of the latter. Parts of the page visited are generated directly by the above-mentioned sites and integrated into the host site page. The most common use of social plugins is designed for content sharing on social networks.These plugins cause the transmission of cookies to and from all the sites managed by the third parties. For the management of information gathered by these “third parties” please refer to the following documentation. To guarantee greater transparency and convenience, the web addresses of the documentation and management of these cookies is provided below.Twitter (information): https://support.twitter.com/articles/20170514Twitter (configuration): https://twitter.com/settings/securityLinkedin (information): https://www.linkedin.com/legal/cookie-policyLinkedin (configuration): https://www.linkedin.com/settings/Google AnalyticsThis website also includes some components transmitted by Google Analytics, an analysis service of web traffic provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). These are also third party cookies, which are gathered and managed anonymously in order to monitor and improve the performance of the host site (performance cookie).Google Analytics uses these “cookies” to gather and anonymously analyze information about the behavior and use of the site. This information is gathered by Google Analytics, which processes it in order to produce reports regarding the activity on the website itself. This site does not use Google Analytics (and does not permit its use by third parties) to monitor or gather information about personal identification. Google does not associate the IP address with any other data owned by Google, and does not try to connect any IP address with the identity of a user. Google can, however, provide information to third parties when required by law to do so, or when these third parties process this information on Google’s behalf.For further information, please refer to the link below:https://www.google.it/policies/privacy/partners/The user can selectively disable Google Analytics by installing on the browser the opt-out component provided by Google. To disable Google Analytics, please refer to the link below:https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptoutDuration of cookiesThis site does not use persistent cookies except for the cookies of Google Analytics. Below we provide the duration of Google Analytics cookies:__utma => 2 years__utmb => 30 minutes__utmc => Session__utmt => 10 minutes__utmz => 6 months_ga => 2 years_gat => 10 minutesManagement of cookiesUsers can decide whether or not to accept cookies by changing the preferences on their own browser.Warning: total or partial disabling of technical cookies can damage use of the site functions reserved for registered users. However, the public content of the site will function even when cookies are completely disabled.Disabling third party cookies will not affect browsing of the site.Preferences can be defined specifically for the various sites and web applications. Moreover, the best browsers allow different preferences to be defined for “owner” and “third party” cookies.As an example, in Firefox, using the menu Tools->Options->Privacy, it is possible to access a control panel where the user can define whether to accept the various types of cookie or not and can also remove them.Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=itFirefox: https://support.mozilla.org/it/kb/Gestione%20dei%20cookieInternet Explorer: http://windows.microsoft.com/it-it/windows7/how-to-manage-cookies-in-internet-explorer-9Opera: http://help.opera.com/Windows/10.00/it/cookies.htmlSafari: http://support.apple.com/kb/HT1677?viewlocale=it_IT
We are a passionate team of experts. Do not hesitate to let us have your feedback:You may be surprised to discover just how much your suggestions matter to us.
Contact us