http://www.slh.wisc.edu/about/legal
Legal Notices
Please read the following terms and conditions carefully, as access to and use of the Wisconsin State Laboratory of Hygiene (WSLH) website constitutes acceptance of these terms and conditions.
Liability
Warranties/Accuracy of Information
Endorsement
Hypertext Links
Continued Provision of Information
Choice of Law
Disclaimer of Liability
Neither the State of Wisconsin, nor any of its agencies and employees, shall be held liable for any improper or incorrect use of the information described and/or contained herein and assumes no responsibility for anyone’s use of the information.
In no event shall the WSLH or its employees be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including but not limited to procurement or substitute goods or services; loss of use, data, or profits; or business interruption) however caused and on any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of the use of this system, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.
This disclaimer of liability applies to any damages or injury, including but not limited to those caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of record, whether for breach of contract, tortious behavior, negligence or under any other cause of action.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Accuracy of Data
Although the data found using WSLH’s access systems have been produced and processed from sources believed to be reliable, no warranty, expressed or implied, is made regarding accuracy, adequacy, completeness, legality, reliability or usefulness of any information.
This disclaimer applies to both isolated and aggregate uses of the information.
The WSLH provides this information on an “as is” basis.
All warranties of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, freedom from contamination by computer viruses and non-infringement of proprietary rights are disclaimed.
Changes may be periodically made to the information herein; these changes may or may not be incorporated in any new version of the publication.
If you have obtained information from any of the WSLH’s web pages from a source other than the WSLH pages, be aware that electronic data can be altered subsequent to original distribution.
Data can also quickly become out of date.
It is recommended that careful attention be paid to the contents of any data associated with a file, and that the originator of the data or information be contacted with any questions regarding appropriate use.
If you find any errors or omissions, we encourage you to report them to WSLH by contacting our webmaster.
Disclaimer of Endorsement
The WSLH is a distributor of content sometimes supplied by third parties and users. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information or content expressed or made available by third parties, including information providers, users, or others, are those of the respective author(s) or distributor(s) and do not necessarily state or reflect those of the WSLH and shall not be used for advertising or product endorsement purposes. Reference herein to any specific commercial products, process, or service by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not constitute or imply its endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the WSLH.
Disclaimer for External Links
The WSLH is not responsible for the contents of any off-site pages referenced. The user specifically acknowledges that the WSLH is not liable for the defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of other users, links, or third parties and that the risk of injury from the foregoing rests entirely with the user. Links from the WSLH’s web pages to other sites do not constitute an endorsement from the WSLH. These links are provided as an information service only. It is the responsibility of the web surfer to evaluate the content and usefulness of information obtained from other sites. The WSLH website contains links to other related World Wide Web Internet sites and resources. Since the WSLH’s website is not responsible for the availability of these outside resources or their contents, you should direct any concerns regarding any external link to its site administrator or webmaster.
Disclaimer of Duty to Continue Provision of Data
Due to the dynamic nature of the Internet, resources that are free and publicly available one day may require a fee or restricted access the next, and the location of items may change as menus, homepages, and files are reorganized. The user expressly agrees that use of the WSLH’s website is at the user’s sole risk. The WSLH does not warrant that the service will be uninterrupted or error-free. The documents and related graphics published on this server could contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically added to the information herein. The WSLH and/or its respective divisions and programs may make improvements and/or changes in the information and/or programs described herein at any time.
Choice of Law
Construction of the disclaimers above and resolution of any potential disputes arising therefrom are governed by the laws of the State of Wisconsin, USA. The laws of the State of Wisconsin shall apply to all uses of this data and this system. By use of this system and any data contained therein, the user agrees that use shall conform to all applicable laws and regulations and user shall not violate the rights of any third parties.
About WSLH
At a Glance
Locations
WSLH News
History
Mission
WSLH Board of Directors
WSLH Board of Directors
Board Meetings, Agendas and Minutes
Guidelines for Citizen Participation at WSLH Board Meetings
Board Presentation Webcasts
Administration
Human Resources
Shipping & Receiving
Purchasing
Accounts Receivable
Privacy
Compliance
CLIA
CAP
HIPAA
TNI
WDATCP
WDNR
AIHA LAP LLC
NRPP-AARST
EPA
ANAB
Employment Opportunities
Directory
Contact
Legal Notices
Acceptable Use
Feedback, questions or accessibiity issues: webmaster@mail.slh.wisc.edu
© 2020 Board of Regents of the University of Wisconsin System