https://www.groundwater.org/termsofuse.html
Skip to main content
Who We Are
Our Mission
What We Do
Manifesto
Our History
Our History
30th Anniversary
Our Team
Sponsors & Supporters
Become a Supporter
Board of Directors
Career Opportunities
News
Blog Posts and News Releases
Contact Us
Get Informed
The Basics
What is Groundwater
The Hydrologic Cycle
Groundwater Glossary
Wells
Center Pivots
Potential Threats to Groundwater
Groundwater Contamination
Overuse and Depletion
Nitrates
Pharmaceuticals & Personal Care Products
Improperly Managed On-site Wastewater Treatment Systems
Emerging Issues
Learning Opportunities
Groundwater Week
Water1der App
Webinars
Past Conferences
Darcy Lecture Series
McEllhiney Lecture Series
Quick Facts
Read The Aquifer
Get Our Newsletters
Lecture Series
Darcy Lecture Series in Groundwater Science
McEllhiney Lecture Series in Water Well Technology
Take Action
Donate
In Your Community
Groundwater Guardian
Wellhead Protection
Raising Community Awareness
Community Service Projects Ideas
Test Your Well
At Home
Top 10 List
Easy Ways to Conserve Water
Green Home & Landscape
All About Rain Gardens
30by30 App
Tools & Resources
Become a Member
Recognition Opportunities
Groundwater Guardian
Groundwater Guardian Green Sites
Kremer Award
Volunteers
Stories
Learn at Home Resources
Learn About Groundwater at Home!
Lesson 1: Groundwater Basics
Lesson 2: The Water Cycle
Lesson 3: Aquifer
Coloring Sheets
Students and Educators
What is groundwater?
Activities Library
Our Most Popular Activities
In Your Classroom
Getting Started
Hydrogeology Challenge
Featured Tools
Educator Toolkit
Training Videos
Get Involved
Protect Your Groundwater
Girl Scouts
Daisy
Brownie
Junior
Cadette
Senior
Ambassador
Leader Resources
Scholarships
Games and Puzzles
Organize Youth Events
Models, guides, and more!
Shop
Products Catalog
Girl Scouts Groundwater Patches & Booklets
Administrative Fees
Make A Donation
E Commerce Policies
General
Payment Methods
Shipping & Handling
This www.groundwater.org website ("our site" or "this site") is owned and operated by The Groundwater Foundation. The Groundwater Foundation has been dedicated to educating people about groundwater since 1985. The Groundwater Foundation's website has been online since February 1996.
Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using our site. By using this site, you automatically agree to all of these terms of use. The Groundwater Foundation reserves the right to revise these terms and conditions at anytime. If you continue to use our site after we post changes to these terms and conditions, it will mean that you accept those changes.
The Groundwater Foundation maintains this site for your personal information, education, and motivation. We invite you to browse our site.
Copyright Information
All information on our site, including but not limited to: articles, artwork, photographs, graphics, text, downloadable files, and trademarked/servicemarked programs, are the sole property of The Groundwater Foundation. The exclusive rights to all materials on this site are protected by U.S. and international laws of copyright, trademark and unfair competition.
In keeping with The Groundwater Foundation's mission to encourage public awareness of groundwater and its protection, The Groundwater Foundation will allow its information to be reproduced by users for educational purposes.
You may copy, reproduce and distribute content from this site provided that you meet ALL of the following conditions:
Your purpose for reproduction is to educate others.
You may not use the information or images on this site in a derogatory, defamatory or pornographic manner.
The particular article or graphic is reproduced in its entirety in its original form; you may not edit or otherwise change the substance of the content, or change or delete any copyright, trademark and other proprietary notices. (If you intend to modify, edit, or rewrite the information in any way, you must contact The Groundwater Foundation for prior written authorization. Call 1-800-858-4844 or email info@groundwater.org.)
All copies must include the following statement: "This material was reproduced from groundwater.org with the permission of The Groundwater Foundation. © The Groundwater Foundation. All Rights Reserved."
The copies are distributed only for noncommercial educational or public awareness purposes of promoting the protection and conservation of groundwater and the natural environment.
The copies are distributed at no charge, or at most, at actual cost.
Provided you comply with all of the above conditions, The Groundwater Foundation grants you a nonexclusive, nontransferable license to use the materials on our site.
Other than as specifically described above, you may not modify, revise, edit, display, prepare derivative works based on, republish, transmit, repost or otherwise use the content of our site without prior written authorization from The Groundwater Foundation. To request such permission, contact The Groundwater Foundation directly at info@groundwater.org or 402-434-2740 to discuss the purpose of such reproduction.
Exceptions
All press releases found under the "In the News" button are written for the specific purpose of reproduction and do not require copyright permission.
The Use of Trademarks, Servicemarks, and Logos
Logos, trademarks, and servicemarks are the sole property of The Groundwater Foundation. Prior written authorization is required for reproduction of Groundwater Foundation logos, trademarks, and servicemarks. Examples include, but are not limited to:
The Groundwater Foundation logo
Groundwater Guardian logo and program
Groundwater Guardian Green Sites logo and program
All publications and products listed in The Groundwater Foundation's Catalog
If you would like permission to use any of these logos for uses different than the educational reasons detailed in the "Copyright Policy" section, contact The Groundwater Foundation directly at info@groundwater.org or 402-434-2740 to discuss the purpose of such reproduction.
Powered by Firespring