https://www.aspermont.com/static/cookie-policy
ABOUT
Company Overview
Corporate Structure
Recent Corporate History
Our Clients
Executive Team
Board of Directors
Corporate Governance
Corporate Social Responsibility
BRANDS
All Brands
Conferences & Events
Research & Intelligence
Content Creation Services
INVESTORS
ASX Announcements
Annual Reports
Presentations
Analyst Reports
Media Coverage
Case Studies
Investor FAQs
Company News
Email Alerts
Terms & Conditions
CAREERS
CONTACT
Cookie Policy
Home
Investors
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Aspermont - www.aspermont.com
This website and associated websites ("Website") are owned and maintained by:
Aspermont Limited,613 - 619 Wellington StreetPerth, WA 6000Australia
Welcome
This Website collects certain information via cookies and other online technologies.
We're glad you chose to visit an Aspermont Limited. ("ASP") site! We care about your privacy and the information you share with us and want you to understand how we are using and protecting the information we collect about you. ASP is respectful of data privacy and adopts best practice in compliance with applicable privacy law and regulations, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR").
This Cookie Policy, as well as the Privacy Policy describes ASP's policies and a practice regarding its use of information collected on this Website and sets forth your privacy rights.
By using this Website and consenting to this Cookie Policy, you agree that ASP and group undertakings as explained in the Privacy Policy can place cookies as we describe below, and you agree to the collection, sharing, and use of your Personal Data for personalization of advertising or other services.
Why Do We Use Cookies?
Cookies improve your experience. We use cookies to help you access this Website faster and more efficiently. Cookies allow us to distinguish you from other users, so that we can recognize you each time you visit.  Cookies also allow us to store user preferences and provide you with a positive experience when you browse this Website, including enabling you to personalize Website settings. Our marketing partners also collect web viewing data to ensure that you are seeing the most relevant advertising.
What Are Cookies?
Cookies are small text files that can be stored on a User's computer, tablet or mobile device ("Computer") when you visit a website.  A cookie will typically contain the name of the originating domain, the lifetime of the cookie, and a randomly generated unique number or other value.
Cookies used by ASP identify you as a unique user by means of a tracking ID. The cookie itself is anonymous and does not contain any Personal Data, except when such information has been supplied by you, such as when you provide your name and email address when completing a registration form.
GDPR and Your EU Privacy Rights
The General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) creates some new rights for European Union residents and strengthens some existing data protection rights.
To the extent that any cookie placed by ASP or a third party, as described above, can uniquely identify a computer, or the person using that computer, under GDPR, this is Personal Data.  Therefore, the Privacy Policy shall apply to any such Personal Data collected from its Users.
Cookie Policy Changes and Updates
We reserve the right to amend this Cookie Policy from time to time as necessary. We will post a notice on this Website if there are material changes to the Cookie Policy, but you should also check this Website periodically to review the current policy.
How can we help? Getting in touch
Questions, concerns or complaints:
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints about ASP's Personal Data practices around cookies or this Cookie Policy, we encourage you to get in touch with our appointed Data Protection Officer ("DPO").
If you believe you have suffered harm due to a breach of your rights by ASP under this Cookie Policy, and ASP has not handled your complaint in a reasonably sufficient manner, any EU resident may also file a complaint with the applicable supervisory authority.
The contact information for ASP's Data Protection Officer is:
Nishil Khimasia
Nishil.Khimasia@aspermont.com
United Kingdom
Get in Touch
UK/Europe - London
Tel: +44 (0) 208 187 2330
Address: 1 Poultry, London, England, EC2R 8EJ
Email: info@aspermontmedia.com
Brazil - Belo Horizonte
Tel: +55 31 3526 4242
Address: Rua Marquesa de Alorna, 148, Serra, Belo Horizonte - MG, 30240-260, Brazil
Email: brazil@aspermont.com
Australia - Perth
Tel: +61 8 6263 9100
Fax: +61 8 6263 9148
Address: 613 - 619 Wellington Street, Perth, Western Australia 6000
Email: corporate@aspermont.com
Asia - Philippines
Address: 6F 1880 Bldg., Eastwood City Cyberpark, Bagumbayan, Quezon City, 1110 Metro Manila, Philippines
Email: corporate@aspermont.com
ASX Share Price
Refresh Quote
Investor Information
ASX Announcements
Annual Reports
Presentations
Whether you're a shareholder or not you can subscribe to receive all our latest news and announcements
Subscribe Now
Copyright © 2000-2020 Aspermont Ltd. All rights reserved.
News
Events
Careers
FAQs
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms & Conditions
Contact
Sitemap