https://www.bodenhamarboretum.co.uk/arboretum-legal
01562 852444
info@bodenham-arboretum.co.uk
Facebook
Facebook
Bodenham Arboretum Legal Information
Disclaimers
Bodenham Arboretum is a Limited Company which is registered in England and Wales. This Web site is intended for informational purposes only. Nothing in this site is to be considered as either creating any relationship between Bodenham Arboretum Limited and the reader or any third party, or as rendering of advice for any matter.
No client or other reader should act or refrain from acting on the basis of any information contained in the Bodenham Arboretum Limited Web site without seeking appropriate legal or other professional advice on the particular facts and circumstances at issue.
Whilst every effort has been made to ensure that the information on this website is accurate, Bodenham Arboretum Limited cannot accept responsibility for any consequential losses arising from its use and/or application. Product and service availability is constantly changing and a product or service’s inclusion in this website does not guarantee availability. Customers are advised to contact Bodenham Arboretum Limited before making any commitments relating to the products or services contained in this publication. E and OE (Errors and Omissions Excepted).
Copyright and Reproduction Notice
Copyright © 2016, Bodenham Arboretum Limited. All rights reserved.
Reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form of the Bodenham Arboretum Limited Web site is prohibited other than for individual use only and may not be recopied or shared with a third party. The permission to recopy by an individual does not allow for incorporation of material or any part of it in any work or publication, whether in hard copy, electronic, or any other form.
Privacy Policy
Download our full 2018 Privacy Policy here.
We intend to give you as much control as possible over your personal information. In general, you can visit our Web site without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. There are times, however, when we may need information from you, such as your name and email address, to correspond with you or provide you with a quote, for example.
If you choose to give us personal information via the Internet, it is our intent to let you know how we will use such information. If you tell us that you do not wish to have this information used as a basis for further contact with you, we will respect your wishes.
We do keep track of the domains from which people visit us. We analyze this data for trends and statistics, and then we discard it.