https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/service/legal-terms-and-policies-28754042.html
Belfasttelegraph
News
[1]
Opinion
[2]
Business
[3]
Sport
[4]
Life
[5]
Entertainment
[7]
Travel
[8]
Sunday Life
[9]
Search
Search
Menu
Sections
Terms & Conditions
Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using the Website.
November 24 2020 10:00 AM
Welcome to the Belfast Telegraph digital network. The terms contained within this document tell you the rules which govern the access and use of the network (our “Terms”). When we refer to the "Website" in these terms and conditions, this means the digital information network and application (belfasttelegraph.co.uk, App and ePaper) collectively known as “Belfast Telegraph”.
The terms for www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/classifieds can be found here.
We may on occasions run competitions or prize draws either on our own behalf, for third parties or in conjunction with commercial partners. These will be subject to additional rules and conditions which will be made available at the time of any such competition. Our standard terms and conditions for competitions or prize draws are available here.
1. Your acceptance of our Terms
By accessing our Website, which includes any use by the employment of any device or by any means, you are confirming your acceptance to be legally bound by these terms as modified from time to time.
If you do not agree to these terms, you must not use our Website.
These terms and conditions may be changed from time to time. Any changes are with immediate effect as and from the date of posting unless otherwise specifically stated. The continued access and usage of the site by you after such changes are made shall be deemed to be an acceptance of such changes.
2. Who we are and how to contact us
The Website is operated by Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland) Limited (“we” or “INM”). We are a company registered in England and Wales under the company number 01908967, whose registered office is at 39 Welbeck Street, London, W1G 8DR. INM is a Mediahuis NV entity.
To contact us, please email customersupport@belfasttelegraph.co.uk
3. Registration and Subscriptions
Some areas of the Website require that you register your details with us. By registering, you agree that:
You have not provided a false or incorrect name, email address or false personal information nor have you impersonated another person.Your registration and password details are personal to you and may not be used by anyone else to access the site.You will not permit or allow any third party to make use of your registration details to access the site.You will not impersonate another user; interfere with the operation of the site; shall make us immediately aware of any unauthorised use of your personal details by others.All readers who register and subscribe with the Belfast Telegraph will receive the Daily Headlines newsletter every day, Monday to Sunday. The Daily Headlines are a selection of our latest stories delivered to your inbox in the morning and occasionally also in the afternoon. Readers can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each newsletter or going to 'My Account'.You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password, which you will not have to reveal to any representative or agent of the Belfast Telegraph.
If you are less than 18 years of age and would like to use any part of our Services (i.e. subscription or registration), please ask your parent or guardian to review the Terms & Conditions and complete on your behalf.
Offer
These Terms and Conditions apply to all INM paid for content/premium products. Prices are stated in sterling or in your local currency and include VAT (if applicable). We pay a great deal of attention to the correct description of the products, the price and the other modalities. If an unintentional, or even a serious error, is found in the description of our products, the price and/or the other modalities, you have the choice between waiving the order or accepting the offer at the correct conditions. INM reserves the right to change the prices, the media and the publication frequency of the media at any time. INM cannot be held liable if one of the products or services from its range is amended or discontinued.
Order
To order, you must be of age. If you are still a minor, the order must be made by your parents or your legal representative. The subscription can only be entered into in your own name and for your own account, and it is not transferable. In line with 3.2 above only you can make use of your details to access the Website and that access is limited to five simultaneous logins from your devices. If you fail to meet the conditions for the offer, the subscription will not be activated, or will be discontinued, even if the execution has already started. By placing a subscription order, you declare that you have read these Terms and Conditions and accept them unconditionally.
Payment
Subscriptions are paid by credit or debit card. The subscription will be charged automatically on a monthly or annual basis, as selected when subscribing. Offering these payment options does not imply any liability on the part of INM that the payment system will operate flawlessly, without interruptions or errors. INM cannot be held liable for any damage, direct or indirect, caused by the execution of a payment.
Right of revocation
A new subscriber has the right to revoke the agreement within 14 days and INM will refund all payments made up to that point in time. An existing subscriber will have their automated payment deductions terminated before the next billing period. In order to exercise the right of revocation, you must notify us at Customer Help by means of an unambiguous statement of your decision to revoke the agreement. We will refund you by the same payment method that you used to make the original transaction. This also applies to upgrade/downgrade between products.
Term
All INM subscription offers are of indefinite duration.
4. Termination
If you wish to cancel or terminate your Belfast Telegraph account, you must send an email to data.protection@inmplc.com and request that your account is deleted. In accordance with our Privacy Statement, proof of ID will be required for any alteration to your account, to include deletion requests.
If you continue to use the site, you are deemed to continue to accept these terms and conditions.
We are entitled to terminate, at our absolute discretion, your use of the Website or your continued subscription in the event that we believe that you have been in breach of these terms and conditions. We reserve the right, at our absolute discretion, to suspend your access to or usage of the site if we believe that there may have been a breach by you or others of these terms and conditions.
5. Our Privacy Policy
Before using the Website and/or our mobile applications (including the submission of information for the Belfast Telegraph Awards) it is your responsibility to read the Privacy Policy and to notify us in the manner set out in the policy if you do not want us to collect information about you, and to reject any cookies in the manner set out therein.
The Privacy Policy set out on the Website forms part of these Terms. We will only use your personal information as set out in our Privacy Policy.
To view the Privacy Policy click here.
Our Privacy Policy explains that in relation to your use of this Website, we are a data controller in respect of your personal information and that we will always process your personal information in accordance with our Privacy Notice and all applicable law.
6. We may suspend or withdraw our Website
We may update and change our site from time to time to reflect changes to our services, our users' needs and our business priorities. We will try to give you reasonable notice of any major changes.
We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. We may suspend or withdraw or restrict the availability of all or any part of our site for business and operational reasons. We will try to give you reasonable notice of any suspension or withdrawal.
You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms of use and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.
7. Using material on our Website
The Website, apps and the Content may only be used for your personal, non-commercial use.
For this purpose alone you may retrieve and display the Content on a computer screen, tablet or smartphone. You may also print out, but not photocopy, one copy of individual files on paper and store files in electronic form on disc, but not on any server or any other storage device connected to a network where the Content could be accessed by other users.
Except as set out above, you agree not to download, copy, reproduce, modify, store, archive, make available to the public, broadcast, transmit, redistribute or commercially exploit in any way any part of the Content without the prior written permission of INM. You agree not to use the Content on the Website/apps for any illegal or improper purpose, nor for any purpose which might infringe the rights of others, or which might harass or cause inconvenience of distress to any person.
You acknowledge and irrevocably agree that we are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved. You agree to abide by all copyright notices and restrictions attached to the Content and not to remove any such notice or restriction or alter the Content in any way.
Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our site must always be acknowledged.
8. Licence to reproduce Content
If you wish to re-publish, re-distribute or exploit the Content in any way you should address a request for permission to the Belfast Telegraph Digital Department at
e-mail: digital.editorial@belfasttelegraph.co.uk; telephone: +44 (0)28 90264167.
We cannot guarantee that any such permission will be forthcoming or on what terms.
9. Reliance of information on the Website
The Content on our Website is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our site.
Please note that we are not regulated by the Financial Services Authority and the Content and Website has not been approved under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. Appropriate expert advice should be sought before making any investment or other such decisions.
Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our site, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our site is accurate, complete or up to date.
10. We are not responsible for websites we link to
Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. Such links should not be interpreted as approval by us of those linked websites or information you may obtain from them.
We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources.
Some third-party sites to which links are provided are "co-branded" sites which are operated by third parties with whom we have a commercial association, including sites by means of which you can make payment for use of the Website or associated services. If you wish to make any purchases or enter any financial dealings on a co-branded site, you will be entering a contract with the relevant third party operator who will ask you to supply information about yourself and on your financial affairs, including your bank or credit card details. The third-party operator will have their own terms and conditions and privacy policy and it is up to you to indicate your consent or otherwise to the use that the third party proposes to make of your personal data. While we select our trading partners with care, INM cannot be held liable for any loss or damage whatsoever which you may suffer as a result of your decision to enter any dealings or transactions with, or supply personal information to, a trading partner or any third party.
11. User-Generated Content is not approved by us
This Website may include information and materials uploaded by other users of the site. This information and these materials have not been verified or approved by us. The views expressed by other users on our site do not represent our views or values.
We do not accept any liability for any content submitted by third parties. Users of the Website accept that we may not pre-screen the content submitted by users, and we reserve the right to remove at any time and without giving reasons or notice any material you or other users have supplied. INM reserves the right to monitor any communications you make on the Website and by submitting any material or making any such communication you thereby consent to such monitoring.
12. When we are responsible for loss or damage suffered by you
Whether you are a consumer or a business user:
We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors and for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.
If you are a business user:
We exclude all implied conditions, warranties, representations or other terms that may apply to our site or any content on it.
We will not be liable to you for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with:
use of, or inability to use, our site; oruse of or reliance on any content displayed on our site.
In particular, we will not be liable for:
loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue;business interruption;loss of anticipated savings;loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; orany indirect or consequential loss or damage.
You agree to indemnify INM against all costs, claims, proceedings, demands, losses, damages, expenses or liability whatsoever arising directly or indirectly as a result of any breach of the Terms by you and any negligence or breach of duty by you.
You agree that, subject to the forgoing terms, your exclusive remedy and only recovery for any damage you incur, shall be limited to the direct damages (if any) you actually incur in reasonable and exclusive reliance on the Website or Content, and for which we may be held liable by a competent court, of up to a limit of the refund of the amount you paid (if any) in relation to the particular use of the Content in total during the month in which the damage first incurred.
If you are a consumer user:
Please note that we only provide our site for domestic and private use. You agree not to use our site for any commercial or business purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
If defective digital content that we have supplied, damages a device or digital content belonging to you and this is caused by our failure to use reasonable care and skill, we will either repair the damage or pay you compensation. However, we will not be liable for damage that you could have avoided by following our advice to apply an update offered to you free of charge or for damage that was caused by you failing to correctly follow installation instructions or to have in place the minimum system requirements advised by us. Additionally, we will not be liable for any damage caused by any virus on our Website. Please refer to clause 14 below.
13. Rules relating to uploading content
Whenever you make use of a feature that allows you to upload content to our site, or to make contact with other users of our site, you must comply with the following rules.
You may not use our site:
In any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation.In any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect.For the purpose of harming or attempting to harm minors in any way.To send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with these content standards.To transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam).To knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware.
These content rules apply to any and all material which you contribute to our site ("Contribution"), and to any interactive services associated with it. We will determine, in our sole discretion, whether a Contribution breaches the Content Standards.
A Contribution must:
Be accurate (where it states facts).Be genuinely held (where it states opinions).Comply with the law applicable in Northern Ireland and in any country from which it is posted.
A Contribution must not:
Be defamatory of any person.Be obscene, offensive, hateful or inflammatory.Promote sexually explicit material.Promote violence.Promote discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age.Infringe any copyright, database right or trade mark of any other person.Be likely to deceive any person.Breach any legal duty owed to a third party, such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence.Promote any illegal activity.Be in contempt of court.Be threatening, abuse or invade another's privacy, or cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety.Be likely to harass, upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person.Impersonate any person, or misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person.Give the impression that the Contribution emanates from us, if this is not the case.Advocate, promote, incite any party to commit, or assist any unlawful or criminal act such as (by way of example only) copyright infringement or computer misuse.Contain a statement which you know or believe, or have reasonable grounds for believing, that members of the public to whom the statement is, or is to be, published are likely to understand as a direct or indirect encouragement or other inducement to the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism.Contain any advertising or promote any services or web links to other sites.
You warrant that any such Contribution does comply with those standards, and you will be liable to us and indemnify us for any breach of that warranty. This means you will be responsible for any loss or damage we suffer as a result of your breach of warranty.
We have the right to remove any posting you make on our site if, in our opinion, your post does not comply with the content standards set out here. We may take further legal action against you if you fail to comply with these standards and we deem it to be a material breach of the Terms.
You are solely responsible for securing and backing up your content.
14. We are not responsible for viruses
We do not guarantee that our site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses.
You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform to access our site. You should use your own virus protection software.
You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.
15. Rules about linking to our site
You may link to our home page or to particular stories, articles or listings on our Website provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it. Content must not be reproduced on a third-party site without express authorisation from us.
You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
Our site must not be framed on any other site.
We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
Third parties must not deep-link to, or frame or use other techniques to enclose any part of the Website.
16. Which country’s laws apply to any dispute?
If you are a consumer, please note that these terms of use, their subject matter and their formation, are governed by Northern Irish law. You and we both agree that the courts of Northern Ireland will have exclusive jurisdiction except that if you are a resident of England you may also bring proceedings in England, and if you are resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland.
If you are a business, these terms of use, their subject matter and their formation (and any non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by Northern Irish law. We both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Northern Ireland.
17. Our trademarks are registered
All intellectual property rights, including copyright, in the content accessible (or available for download) on the Website and apps, including text, pictures, graphics, video, audio material, software or any other form ("Content") belong to INM or its licensors. All rights are hereby reserved.
Belfast Telegraph, Sunday Life, Nicarfinder, Nijobfinder, Propertynews and Recruitni are registered trademarks of INM or otherwise its intellectual property. You may not use these marks without the prior written permission of INM.
18. Gambling and betting
All gambling, betting and associated services available on the Website or which are accessible from it are provided and operated by third party operators whose identity and details including contact details are given on the relevant webpages. INM does not operate, nor is it responsible in any way, for these services and all liability is hereby excluded. Customers contract direct with such third parties and should note the disclaimer on such pages and the relevant terms and conditions of use.
Belfast Telegraph
Privacy