http://www.foodlandpeople.org/privacy-notice/
Empty Cart (0)
Skip to content
Home
About Us
History
Meet the Board and Staff
Mission and Vision
Praise for FLP
Morgan Freeman, Letter
Award Winning Teacher
National Evaluation
Educators
FLP: A Family Affair
Coalitions
News
FLP Proudly Acknowledges CHS
FLP Proudly Acknowledges CoBank
Project Food, Land & People Celebrates Silver AnniversaryWith A Highly Productive National Conference In Denver
Introducing FLP’s Latest Resource:
Eat Well, Be Well
Animal Ag Initiative
Nutrition Lessons
Missouri, 29th State Coalition
Noteworthy Presenters Support 2012 National Conference
National Gardening Project Selects FLP Lessons
Resources
Resources for Learning
Brief Descriptions
Topics of Lessons
Sample Lessons
Eat Well, Be Well
Brief Descriptions: Eat Well, Be Well
FLP Conceptual Framework
Related Links of Mission Importance
Ordering
Eat Well, Be Well
Garden Wise: Educating with a Garden
Resources for Learning
“Natural Resources We Use” Poster
Site Map
Donate
Privacy Notice
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you contact the site owner.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at http://www.foodlandpeople.org/legal/.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on November 14, 2012.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
Project Food, Land & People
Doty Wenzel or Rod Wenzel, General Managers
7023 Alhambra Drive Tallahassee, FL, 32317
(850) 219-1175
Flpflp2010@gmail.com
Comments are closed.
Search for:
FLP Appreciates CHS The Board of Directors for Project Food, Land & People (FLP) proudly acknowledges significant support from CHS, Inc. to update and produce two series of classroom lessons for America’s teachers and their students. Read more ...
Now Available Now available as a resource from FLP is the slide show presentation "World Hunger: About A Billion Unserved." This presentation is a supplemental resource for educators to use when presenting the popular FLP lesson, Feed the Need.
The supplement provides current numbers and trends about world hunger, both around the world and in the United States. See Resources for more.
©2012 Project Food, Land & People
Privacy | Legal | Website Help