http://www2.theiet.org/help/cookies.cfm?origin=foot-siteinfo
Other IET websites
E&T Jobs
E&T Magazine
IET Academy
IET Connect
IET Digital Library
Wiring Regs digital
IET Electrical
IET Faraday
IET Venues
IET.tv
The IET
Engineering Communities
Membership
Join, professional registration & career development
Explore this section
Membership home
About membership
Membership categories
Manage your membership
Professional registration
Your career
Training courses
Awards and scholarships
Member News
Contacts
Members and registered users
If already registered, you can login hereLogin
Register for website
Join the IET
Products and services
Member rewards
Find out about the preferential rates and generous discounts available to IET members as part of our Member Rewards scheme.
Log-in to Career Manager
Manage your professional development and apply for professional registration using the IET’s online skills development and recording tool.
Professional development
Guidance and support to enable IET members to undertake planned and structured Initial Professional Development (IPD) and Continuing Professional Development (CPD).
Resources
Library, Inspec, bookshop, journals, standards & factfiles
Explore this section
Resources home
Inspec
Library and Archives
Journals
Books
E&T Magazine
IET Standards
Wiring Regulations
Conference proceedings
Teacher resources
Advertising with the IET
Factfiles
Contacts
E&T Jobs
Engineering & Technology Jobs
Search today for your next engineering role on Engineering & Technology Jobs, the job board hosted by the IET.
Standards
Guide to Electrical Maintenance
This guide will help you to improve performance and have confidence in the operational safety of your electrical equipment.
Products and services
New e-learning for engineers
In-depth technical and professional courses for engineers at all career levels. Visit the IET Academy to find your next course or request a free multi-user trial for your company.
Digital subscriptions to the IET Wiring Regulations
Intuitive search, flexible offline access and content updates included in your subscription.
Information for authors
We’ve put together all the information and advice you’ll need as an author, editor or contributor, from submitting a proposal through to publication and beyond.
Get Involved
Communities, sectors, volunteers & discussion forums
Explore this section
Communities
Thought Leadership
Discussion forums
Volunteering with the IET
Young Professionals
IET Women's Network
Online communities
Local Network interactive map
Technical Networks
Society Insights
Communities
IET Communities
Find the latest events and content from the IET community including our Local and Technical Networks.
Online engineering communities
Visit our community platform where you can connect with engineers from around the world.
Volunteering
Volunteer gateway
Volunteering can enhance your career development, is a personally rewarding experience and also benefits your Community
Sectors
IET Sectors produce thought leadership, raises the profile of the IET and enhances the relevance of the institution around core issues, themes and technologies.
Events
Conferences, seminars, courses, lectures & visits
Explore this section
Events homepage
Events search
Full listing of IET events
EngTalks
Training courses
Conference proceedings
Contact the IET events team
Highlighted events
5G - the Advent
30 January 2019 | IET London: Savoy Place
Cyber Security for Industrial Control Systems 2019
7 - 8 February 2019 | IET London: Savoy Place
Global Challenge
Competition launching: 14 November 2018
Nuclear engineering safety, control and security
13-14 March 2019 | Bristol Marriott Royal Hotel, Bristol
Event videos on IET.tv
IET EngTalks - RAF 2118: Engineering the next 100 years
Air Marshal Julian Young CB OBE BSC MA MSC MDA CENG FRENG FIET FRAES CCMI HONFAPM RAFThe Chief of Materiel (Air)
ENG ThE CANCER - The 2018 IET Harvey Prize Lecture
Professor Rui L. Reis, PhD, DSc, Hon. Causa MD, FBSE, FTERVice-President for R&D of University of Minho, Portugal.
Policy & Media
Thought leadership, media centre & public affairs
Explore this section
Policy and media home
Government policy
Key topics
Factfiles
Media centre
Our expertise
IET Policy Panels
Collaboration
Dispute Resolution Service
Contacts
Media centre
View press releases
IET corporate news and activities, plus comment and reaction on engineering and technology issues.
IET in the news
Read what the media is saying about the IET and our activities.
Media spokespeople
We can provide independent experts to talk to the media on a range of engineering and technology related subjects.
Media support for members
Advice and support to IET members on promoting IET activities via the media and social media.
Policy
Government policy
The IET represents the views of its members on a wide range of professional and technological issues.
Dispute Resolution Service
The IET aids the legal profession by nominating expert witnesses to present technical information in court.
Collaboration
The engineering profession speaking with one voice on key issues relating to engineering.
Contacts
Contact information for the IET Policy department
Home
Help
Share
|
Help
Helper applications
Content FAQ
Registration FAQ
Logins FAQ
Profile FAQ
Use of cookies on our sites
Information about the use of cookies on the IET websites.
Why are cookies used on the IET websites?
How are cookies used on the IET websites?
Using your browser to block cookies, and further information
Why are cookies used on the IET websites?
Often, websites need to maintain information as you move from page to page, and possibly between your browsing sessions. For example, you expect, when moving between pages in a web shop, that the site will keep track of the contents of your shopping basket. If you have logged in, you expect the site to recognise you on each subsequent page. Cookies are used to meet these expectations.
Cookies are small pieces of identifying information, stored by your browser on your PC, to enable such information about your session to be maintained. The cookie may contain actual information (e.g. the date of your last visit), or just a unique reference ID that allows the site to look up (for example) the contents of your shopping basket in its databases.
If a site sets cookies routinely, these can also be used to track your successive page views, and therefore your behaviour on the site, whether or not you are logged in. Unless you log in or complete an enquiry form, such use of cookies will not enable the site to identify you (because cookies can only give access to information that the site already has). The IET will not attempt to identify you unless you log in.
Cookies set by one site cannot be read by another. However, one web page may be made up of components (such as news stories, images or advertising), some of which are delivered from third parties. Each of those third-party sites will be able to set and read its own cookies on any page where its content appears.
How are cookies used on the IET websites?
The short version
If you block cookies from the IET websites, you will not be able to log in, and a range of other functions, such as the shopping basket and the tracking of new messages in the discussion forums, will fail. However, you will be able to browse most of the information on the IET sites. The IET uses some third-party services, and you may need to consult their policies separately.
The long version
The IET offers a range of websites and services to its members, customers and other web users, and these use cookies in varying ways. Therefore, if you block cookies, the effects will vary, depending on which IET service you are using. Many of the IET's cookies are essential to the delivery of the services that you have chosen:
Cookie name
Notes on uses
IETLOGONSESSIONID
DOMAINKEY
A single log-on works across most IET sites. These authorisation ("log-on") cookies simply contain session IDs, identifying you as an individual logged-on user. This avoids the need to send your user name and password every time that you request a page; therefore, the aim is enhanced security.
No personal information is stored in these cookies. If you choose not to use "Remember Me", the cookies are deleted when you log off from the IET sites, or close your browser. Please ensure that you accept all of these cookies if you wish to register and/or log on to the sites.
CFID
CFTOKEN
When you are not logged in, most IET sites use cookies to manage your session. You may block these if you wish, but some functions may not work fully; for example, you will not be able to page through results in the events calendar. The IET does not use these cookies to monitor your behaviour; they exist only to provide you with site functionality.
The book shop also uses your existing site cookies to keep track of the contents of your shopping basket, rather than setting additional ones. Without accepting cookies, you will not be able to use the shop.
FTFORUMCOOKIE
FUSETALKLASTDATE
FUSETALKLASTVISITDATE1
FUSETALKLATESTPOSTS1
In the discussion forums, there are further log-on cookies. The forums set other cookies, one for the last date you visited, and one for the latest posts you have seen. The aim is to be able to offer you quick access to the new postings when you next visit. These are permanent cookies. You can delete these additional cookies if you wish - it will just mean that the site cannot indicate new messages to you.
IET_cookies_reminder
Determines the behaviour (shown or hidden) of the cookies alert above the global (search, login etc.) bar at the top of most IET web pages.
iet_hide_browser_warning
Determines the behaviour (shown or hidden) of the unsupported browser alert above the global (search, login etc.) bar at the top of most IET web pages.
AI_SESSID
lookidCookie
The E&T Jobs site also uses supplementary cookies. Rejecting these cookies will mean that you are not recognised as logged on when visiting this site, even though log-ons work normally on other IET sites.
swl_iet_sess
logged_out
These are supplementary log-on cookies for Engineering Communities, similar to those above for E&T Jobs.
ASP.NET_SessionID
CulturePref
The Archives catalogue search uses cookies from archives.theiet.org to maintain your session and searches. If you block cookies, the Archives search will fail.
A second cookie records your preferred language for Archives searches.
ASP.Net_SessionID
IBAUTH
ExitUrl
The Career Manager professional development service uses cookies to store session information. The service may not work fully if you block these. There is specific information about cookies in Career Manager under the "legal" link on that site.
EANDTPAYWALL
EANDTPAYWALLCOUNTER
Manage access rights for the E&T Magazine site.
PHPSESSID
Cookies are used to track your information when you book a free place at a Local Network event. The booking will fail without the use of these cookies. The cookies come from localevents.theiet.org
JSESSIONID
This cookie manages your session on the IET Digital Library. If you block cookies from that site, some functionality may not work reliably.
Cookies that you can block or reject without affecting your experience on the site:
OAX
NSC_fd1efm_qppm_iuuq and similar from oas.theiet.org
Site advertising servers are provided by AppNexus Open Adstream [new window]. Advertising mainly appears in specific sites, such as E&T Magazine and IET Electrical. Cookies are used, for example, to avoid showing you the same advertisement twice on different pages. They are delivered from a server in theiet.org, so (as described above) they cannot be used to correlate your behaviour with your visits to non-IET sites.
Your use of the IET site will not be affected should you decide not to accept these "oax" advertising cookies.
WT_FPC
The IET uses WebTrends. The values stored in WebTrends first party cookie are used for maintaining session and user identification across all your sub-domains. The cookie, set by WebTrends analytics service, used to track and report on visitor behaviour on a site for performance and improvement.
You can opt out WebTrends tracking for all sites, including the IET ones.
utma
utmb
utmc
utmz
The IET uses Google Analytics. This service uses theiet.org cookies [new window] to record and process information about your use of the sites (including your IP address) on behalf of the IET. The IET uses this information to evaluate visitors’ use of the sites and to compile statistical reports on site activity; the reports examine patterns of use rather than the behaviour of individual users.
You can opt out of Google Analytics [new window] tracking for all sites, including the IET ones.
9nn8c_txid (and similar names)
collector
The IET was using Scout Analytics on some of its sites to help assess usage, interests and behaviour, but now no longer uses related first- and third-party cookies (which were generated from theiet.org and from scoutanalytics.net). It is possible that you still may have these from a previous visit to an IET website. You may block these without affecting your use of the site.
CFDUID
The IET uses web content quality tools from Siteimprove that help the IET identify areas of content that require correction or improvement. This could include spelling mistakes and broken links. The 'CFDUID' cookie provides the IET with reports on the number of visitor attempts made to follow a link which turns out to be broken such that high volume link errors can be rectified quickly. These reports do not provide detail about the behaviour of individual users. Your use of the IET site will not be affected should you decide not to accept these "CFDUID" cookies.
In addition, the IET uses third parties to deliver services to members and others. These third-party servers may set cookies in accordance with their own cookie and privacy policies, which you should consult separately. They include:
The IET uses email services from Adestra to inform its members and contacts of relevant activities, events, services and products. The levels of response to these emails are tracked, in order to improve the effectiveness of IET communications. Since emails are sent from addresses in the domain email.ietinfo.org, and should you click on links in such emails, you may find cookies from that domain.
IET.tv, which uses Stream UK to deliver webcasts. These appear mostly in the IET.tv site, but also embedded in some web pages elsewhere. You may block cookies from scpro.streamuk.com if you wish.
The electronic information services provided to members by the IET Library.
Some pages, especially in E&T Magazine, include content from Twitter, YouTube, Flickr and other services. These have their own cookie and privacy policies.
The AddThis social bookmarking and sharing widget appears on some pages, especially again in E&T Magazine. Its privacy policy is accessible by hovering over the widget.
If the IET is currently conducting a survey or requesting feedback (for example in user trials), cookies may be used to record the fact that you have seen the invitation to respond. The aim is to avoid showing you the invitation repeatedly. If you reject these cookies, you may see the message a number of times.
Using your browser to block cookies, and further information
The site AllAboutCookies [new window] provides independent information on cookies, and how to block them in specific browsers.
If you have questions about our use of cookies, please contact compliance@theiet.org.
Updated 1 December 2017
Engineering Communities|
Back to top
About the IET
About us
Vision, mission & values
People
Our offices & venues
Working at the IET
Advertise with us
Contact us
Sectors we focus on
Built Environment
Design & Production
Energy
Healthcare
Information & Communication
Transport
Useful links
Regions...
UK
Middle East
South Asia
Asia Pacific
Americas
Join the IET
Training
Career development
Career Manager
Communities
Forums
Awards and scholarships
MyIdea member suggestions
Other IET websites
E&T Jobs
E&T Magazine
Electrical Standards
IET Academy
IET Connect
IET Digital Library
IET Electrical
IET Faraday
IET Venues
IET.tv
You are using an outdated browser version, which may no longer be supported.For the best experience please upgrade your browser
Our sites use cookies to support some functionality, and to collect anonymous user data.Learn more about IET cookies and how to control them
Help
|
Cookies
|
Privacy Statement
|
Accessibility
|
Modern Slavery Act Statement
|
Legal notices
© 2020
The Institution of Engineering and Technology.
The Institution of Engineering and Technology is registered as a Charity in England & Wales (no 211014) and Scotland (no SC038698)