http://yorlab.co.uk/privacy-policy/
MENUHome
Shop
Products & Services
Apparatus and Rigs
ChemicalsAcids, alkalines, HPLC solvents, petroleum, methanol etc.
Complete Laboratory Design & FitFume extraction cupboards, lab furniture – desks, tables & more.
ConsumablesCleaning, filtration, stands & racks and other accessories.
EquipmentAir samplers, data loggers, hydrometers, shakers and more.
Furniture & FittingsAnalytical equipment, chillers, refridgeration, fume cupboards.
Glassblowing & Customised GlasswareScientific, Environmental, Petrochemical , Reaction Vessels.
Maintaining & Repairing Your GlasswareOvernight emergency repairs, like-for-like replacements
Maintenance & RepairsLaboratory repair and maintenance services.
Blog
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement for York Glassware Services Ltd T/A Yorlab Effective as of 10/05/2018
In this Privacy Statement (“Statement”), we, “York Glassware Services Ltd” (Yorlab), “yorlab.co.uk”, “customglassware.co.uk”, “we”, or “us”), provide information about how we receive, collect, use and transfer information about you–a visitor to our websites, user of our mobile eBusiness applications, or participant in communications with our personnel or representatives–and the company or other legal entity that you represent (collectively, “you” or “your”), through yorlab.co.uk, customglassware.co.uk, and other websites that we operate and that include a direct link to this Statement, or through the mobile application yorlab.co.uk (collectively, the “Sites”), or through our employees or third parties we engage to act on our behalf. Yorlab operates through its direct and indirect subsidiaries and affiliates, including those located outside of the European Economic Area.
Carefully review this Statement, as your use of the Sites is subject to this Statement.
Scope. This Statement covers only information collected through the Sites or by our employees or representatives in person, over the telephone, or in emails or other written communications. This Statement does not cover any other data collection or processing, including, without limitation, collection conducted offline, through other of our products or services that do not display a direct link to this Statement, or by other companies at any third party sites we may link to.
Information You Actively Submit. If you create an account, order products, register for services, or otherwise send us data via the Sites, we collect information about you and the company or other entity you represent (e.g., your name, organization, address, email address, phone number, fax number). You may also provide information specific to your interaction with the Sites, such as payment information to make a purchase, shipping information to receive a purchase, or a resume to apply for employment. You may also provide such data to our employees or representatives in person, over the telephone, or in emails or other written communications. In such instances, you will know what data is collected, because you will actively submit it.
Information Passively Submitted. We collect information during your use and navigation of the Sites, such as the URL of the site you came from, the browser software you use, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, IP ports, date/time of access, data transferred, pages visited, amount of time you spend on the Sites, information
about transactions conducted on the Sites, and other “clickstream” data. If you use our mobile app, then we also collect your device information (such as device OS version and device hardware), unique device identifiers (including device IP address), mobile phone number and geolocation data. This data is generated and collected automatically, as part of the standard operation of the Sites. We also use “cookies” to enhance and customize your experience of the Sites. A cookie is a small text file that may be stored on your computer or device used to access the Sites. You may set your browser software to reject cookies, but doing so may prevent us from offering conveniences or features on the Sites. (To reject cookies, refer to information about your specific browser software.) We also use eTags, which are opaque identifiers assigned by a web server to specific versions of a resource found at a URL. If the resource at that URL changes, a new and different eTag is assigned. This allows us to track which pages you visit while on the Sites. In addition, we use electronic images known as web beacons (also called pixel tags or clear GIFs) to track users who have visited the Sites. Web beacons allow us to deliver content and marketing communications tailored to your interests. We are striving to provide a customized, personalized experience to website visitors and the Sites do not currently respond to ‘do not track’ signals in web browsers.
Use of Information. We use information that you actively submit via the Sites to fulfill product orders, provide requested services and information, and otherwise to respond appropriately to requests and to complete transactions. We use information passively submitted to personalize features and your experience of the Sites, and otherwise to generally improve the content, design, and navigation of the Sites. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may combine the various types of data we collect. We may conduct marketing analysis and similar research to assist us in making business decisions. Such analysis and research activities may be conducted through third party services, using anonymous data and aggregate statistics generated by our collection of information. Through the use of cookies, eTags, and web beacons as described above, we also may permit third parties to help us deliver advertising that we think may be of interest to you. These third parties may also place cookies and otherwise track user behavior. For example, we may use “remarketing” or “retargeting” services through third-party services to target our ads to you based on your prior use of the Sites when you visit other sites in those third-party’s networks.
If you order products through our Sites, we may contact you by email to provide information about your order (e.g., order confirmations, shipment notifications). If you have an account with the Sites, we may also send you email regarding your account status or changes to relevant agreements or policies.
Marketing Information. From time to time and in compliance with applicable law requirements (e.g. based upon your prior consent if required under the law
applicable to you), we may use contact information that you have provided to send you information regarding products and services, as well as other information that we think may be useful to you. If you do not wish to receive marketing information from us, you may opt out by declining marketing information when registering or at other information collection points on the Sites or by following opt out instructions included in such communications.
Sharing and Transfers of Information. We will not disclose your personal information to third parties, except (a) with your consent; (b) to our subsidiaries, affiliates and service providers to fulfill product orders or deliver services, or otherwise to fulfill a contractual obligation to you; (c) to service providers who act on our behalf and under our instructions to perform certain functions (e.g., IT companies, credit card processors, credit rating agencies, marketing and research agencies, or legal, financial and other advisors); (d) as required by applicable law, including, without limitation, in response to any government or regulatory agency request, to cooperate with law enforcement investigations, or upon receipt of any court order; or (e) to courts and public authorities protect you, us, or third parties from harm, including fraud or instances where somebody’s physical safety is at risk. Service providers acting on our behalf shall be obliged to comply with this Statement and adhere to confidentiality requirements and will only receive access to your personal information as necessary to perform their functions. In the event of a merger, acquisition, or other reorganization or sale of our business or assets, we may share or transfer your information, where the recipient will be required to use the information in accordance with this Statement.
Server location. When you use the Sites, you are transferring information to the UK and to other countries, where we operate the Sites.
Retention and Access. We keep data at least as long as required by applicable law, and we may keep data as long as permitted by applicable law. You may access, correct, and/or update your information by accessing your accounts or profiles on our Sites. Alternately, you may at any time request access to a summary of information we hold about you by contacting us at sales@yorlab.co.uk; you may also request corrections, updates, or deletion of your information. We will make reasonable efforts to respond promptly to such requests in accordance with applicable laws.
Information Security. We take commercially reasonable technical, physical, and organizational steps to safeguard any information you provide to us, to protect it from unauthorized access, loss, misuse, or alteration. Although we take reasonable security precautions, no computer system or transmission of information can ever be completely secure or error-free, and you should not expect that your information will remain private under all circumstances. In addition, it is your responsibility to safeguard any passwords, ID numbers, or similar individual information associated with your use of the Sites.
Changes to Our Privacy Statement. We reserve the right to change this Statement from time to time and in our sole discretion. We will alert you when changes have been made by indicating the date it was last updated as the date the Statement became effective. When you visit the Sites, you accept the version of this Statement in effect at that time. We recommend that you periodically revisit this Statement to learn of any changes.
Questions and Comments. If you have questions or comments about this Statement or about how any information you submit to us is used, please contact us at sales@yorlab.co.uk
Share on Facebook
Share
Share on Pinterest
Pin it
Share on TwitterTweet
Latest Tweets
Forging a future for glassblowing www.chemistryworld.com/careers…March 14, 2017 10:11 amOur Runcorn workshop has had to close today thanks to #stormdoris - Please contact our head office for urgent enquiries 01904 488599February 23, 2017 3:30 pmOur glassblowers have been in training today #reactionvessel pic.twitter.com/cTMzPuMnmxJanuary 26, 2017 5:38 pmZebra shark surprises scientists by giving birth without male @CNNI cnn.it/2juwQujJanuary 18, 2017 10:41 amTrying to focus on a Monday afternoon... twitter.com/TwiddleCube/status…January 9, 2017 4:28 pm
Testimonials
“Staff are always friendly and happy to help in any way they can. Prices are competitive. Responses to emails are prompt and any issues are dealt with quickly.
I would like to praise Sarah Cowley and Drew Watson for their excellent customer service. Because of the service I have received to date, my first stop is always Yorlab for any lab supplies.”
“All staff are always very helpful and if they cannot resolve my issue they put me through to someone who can.”
“I have used Yorlab extensively for many years to supply all my laboratory requirements. They have always provided good service with helpful staff to deal with any queries and have proved very reliable with deliveries.”
Get new posts by email:
York
Durham
©2020 Yorlab
Privacy Policy
Follow
This website uses cookies to improve user experience. Please confirm that you accept the use of cookies. More information can be found in our cookies policy. Find out more.Okay, thanks