https://yurila.com/privacy-policy/
×
Log in
Australian Dollar (AUD)British Pound Sterling (£)Canadian Dollar (CA$)Euro (€)Indian Rupee (Rs.)Philippine Peso (PHP)US Dollar ($)
Best SellersApparelAccessoriesHome GoodsJewelryPhone AccessoriesTravel & OutdoorBackpacks & BagsConsumer ElectronicsHealth & FitnessVehicles & PartsToys
Search
×
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
yurila.com is compliant with The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679.
It means that we are open about our methods of tracking and use of the visitors’ personal data, and you can freely check what exactly we’re doing to it.
At yurila.com, we collect:
Your name and surname
Your email address
Your physical address
Your phone number
The data about the browser and device you use to view the store
The way you navigate the store
We gather your contact details because they are necessary to accept and process your orders, and to make sure you’ve got your packages.
We gather the details of your technical equipment and on-site behavior in order to make our store more user-friendly, and to personalize our store services for you (for example, to automatically switch the store to the mobile version.)
Our store works with outer companies that help us provide the best service for you, and these third parties also use some of the personal details you’re leaving. We limit the data they can access to only what is necessary for them to perform their obligations.
Payment services use your credit card number, your name and surname to verify and process your payments for our products
Our manufacturers and stock keepers use the data of your order contents to assemble the necessary package for you
Postal services use your first name, last name, and physical address to arrange the product delivery for you
Mass mailing services use your email address to send you emails (if you have subscribed for them)
If you keep browsing our webstore after reading this Privacy Policy, you give us the consent to use your personal details for the purposes explained above.
If you don’t agree to these terms, please leave the website.
You can email us at support@yurila.com and ask:
To receive the copy of your personal details we have collected
To delete your personal details from our system
To withdraw your consent (if you previously agreed to provide us with the data, but then changed your mind)
We are doing our best to guarantee the security of your personal details while keeping and using them.
Thank you for your cooperation!
Contact
support@yurila.com
Company info
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
COVID-19 UPDATE
Purchase info
FAQs
Payment Methods
Shipping & Delivery
Returns Policy
Tracking
Join us on
Facebook Instagram Twitter
Payment methods:
Buy with confidence:
© Copyright 2020. All Rights Reserved
Top
Shopping cart
×
Subtotal
Proceed to Checkout
Shipping & taxes calculated at checkout