http://zeebyrd.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footerHome
Dog Obedience Training
How To Teach Your Puppy To Come When Called
Dog Training Reviews
PetSmart Dog Training Reviews
Sit Means Sit Dog Training Reviews
PetCo Dog Training Classes Review
Adopting A Puppy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Primary SidebarFree Dog Training Videos
How To Crate Train Your Puppy
How To Leash Train Your Puppy
Our Fav – AGT Star – of All Time
Angelica Hale
At just 9 years old she won her first Goldern Buzzer. That video went viral topping 100 Million views in 2 weeks - making Angelica one of AGT's most viewed performers.
In 2019, Angelica was invited back for AGT The Champions. This time she became the only performer in AGT history to win 2 Golden Buzzers.
See what Angelica Hale is doing now
You May Also Like
Dog Nutrition PetCo Dog Training Classes Review PetSmart Dog Training Reviews Puppy Food Puppy Play