https://20k.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://20k.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
20k.com does not permit commenting on postings. Commenting is disabled by design.
Media
Uploading of media to the site is by visitors is not permitted. All media and content uploaded is uploaded by the owner or embedded from sites like YouTube which may or may not track users separately.
Contact forms
Contacting 20k.com is not encouraged. Visitors contact 20k.com at their own risk. Also, by using the contact for to submit correspondence you must agree to the  potential release of any and all content in the message you send at the discretion of the owner of the site. The information collected by the contact form is: 1. Name, 2. Email. 3. Message. All of this data may or may not be retained indefinitely.
Cookies
Any cookies that may come directly from 20k.com expire after one month.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
This site shares data with Google Analytics unless you opt out at the time you land on the site.  This option was given to you when you originally visited 20k.com
Who we share your data with
Google Analytics
Onesignal (provided you opt in to push notifications)
WordPress.com
Jetpack
Please review their privacy policies separately as they may store your data even if we do not.
This list is subject to change without notice and/or immediate update.
How long we retain your data
Data is retained indefinitely.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
With that in mind, account registration is NOT permitted at 20k.com and as such, we are unable to retain any personal data about you.
Where we send your data
20k.com does not send your data to anyone, however Google Analytics, Adsense, and Onesignal may. Please review their privacy policies to learn more.
Your contact information
We make no promises or guarantees with regards to protecting your contact information. Per our contact form, your contact information can and will be used at our discretion in any way we see fit. The message is clear: If you do not want your contact information possibly being used in a way you do not want, do not contact us.
Additional information
How we protect your data
As we do not store any data related to users, we do not protect something we do not have. Please review Google Analytics’ and Onesignal’s data protection policies for more information.
What data breach procedures we have in place
We rely on a variety of plugins and utilities from GoDaddy, iThemes Security, Akismet, and others to prevent data breaches.
What third parties we receive data from
We receive reports from Google Analytics and Onesignal on traffic to this site.
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
Google AdSense serves up ads based on visitors’ interests and other web viewing habits. We have no control over Google AdSense’s decision making processes.
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
This site is a hobbyist site. It is not part of any given industry and does not consider itself to be beholden to any particular industry regulation.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Information for iThemes Security
Security Logs
The IP address of visitors, user ID of logged in users, and username of login attempts are conditionally logged to check for malicious activity and to protect the site from specific kinds of attacks. Examples of conditions when logging occurs include login attempts, log out requests, requests for suspicious URLs, changes to site content, and password updates. This information is retained for 14 days.
Who we share your data with
This site is scanned for potential malware and vulnerabilities by Sucuri’s SiteCheck. We do not send personal information to Sucuri; however, Sucuri could find personal information posted publicly (such as in comments) during their scan. For more details, please see Sucuri’s privacy policy.
How long we retain your data
Security logs are retained for 14 days.
Where we send your data
This site is part of a network of sites that protect against distributed brute force attacks. To enable this protection, the IP address of visitors attempting to log into the site is shared with a service provided by ithemes.com. For privacy policy details, please see the iThemes Privacy Policy.
Information for Akismet
We collect information about visitors who comment on Sites that use our Akismet anti-spam service. The information we collect depends on how the User sets up Akismet for the Site, but typically includes the commenter’s IP address, user agent, referrer, and Site URL (along with other information directly provided by the commenter such as their name, username, email address, and the comment itself).
Scroll to Top
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkDeclineRead more