https://aberfeldygallery.co.uk/privacy/
Skip to content
General information
Welcome to our Privacy Policy page. When you use our store services, you trust us with your information. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what data we collect, why we collect it, and what we do with it. We’ve tried to keep it as simple as possible.
Right to access, correct and delete data and to object to data processing
Our customers have the right to access, correct and delete personal data relating to them, and to object to the processing of such data, by addressing a written request, at any time. The Gallery makes every effort to put in place suitable precautions to safeguard the security and privacy of personal data, and to prevent it from being altered, corrupted, destroyed or accessed by unauthorized third parties. However, the Gallery does not control each and every risk related to the use of the Internet, and therefore warns the Site users of the potential risks involved in the functioning and use of the Internet. The Site may include links to other web sites or other internet sources. As the Gallery cannot control these web sites and external sources, the Gallery cannot be held responsible for the provision or display of these web sites and external sources, and may not be held liable for the content, advertising, products, services or any other material available on or from these web sites or external sources.
Management of personal data
You can view or edit your personal data online that you provided if you signed up to our email list. You can choose whether you wish to receive promotional communications from us by email. If you receive promotional email messages from us and would like to opt out, you can do so by using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails.
Information we collect – personally identifiable information
You do not have to provide any information to us to use the main areas of this website. However, to use the e-commerce facilities within this site, customers will be required to submit essential information. This will include your name, email address, billing address, delivery address, telephone number, product selections and credit card / other payment information.
We also request identifying information from you to allow us to respond to your enquiries for further information and to distribute requested materials.
Our website is safe and secure with SSL Technology. SSL is a security technology used for establishing an encrypted link between a web server and a browser. This link ensures that all data and details passed between the web server and browser remain private.
Information we collect – non-personally identifiable information
We use cookies to collect this type of information. Cookies are files or pieces of information that may be stored on your computer’s hard drive when you visit a site. The use of cookies is an industry standard and you will find them at most sites. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. However, you can set your browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent so that you can flush them from your browser if you object to their presence.
How we use your information
You can elect to receive information and updates on our products and services by email. We will not use these addresses for any other purpose unless you give us your express permission to do so.
We use return email addresses to respond to any emails that we receive, and we may use return email addresses to send you other information that you request. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose.
We use the non-personally identifiable information we collect, including data collected by cookies, to track user trends, to provide you with a tailored experience and to improve the quality of our services. We may also use cookies to help speed up your future activities or to improve your user experience by remembering the information that you have already provided to us. If you have submitted personally identifiable information then we may combine this information with the non-personally identifiable information that we collect in order to further enhance the service that we provide.
We make every practical effort to avoid excessive or irrelevant collection of data. If you believe the Site has collected excessive information, we encourage you to contact us via the Contact page.
Sharing your information
We only share your personal data with your consent or as necessary to complete any transaction or provide any service you have requested or authorized. For example, we share your address and contact details with courier companies when shipping your purchases to you. When you provide payment data to make a purchase, we will share payment data with banks and other entities that process payment transactions or provide other financial services, and for fraud prevention and credit risk reduction. We may disclose your personal information if we are asked to do so by the police or any other regulatory or Government authority investigating suspected illegal activities.
Our Commitment to Data Security
We take reasonable precautions to keep your personal information secure. We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect. We cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online, and you do so at your own risk.
Changes in Our Policy
We reserve the right to change or remove this Privacy Policy at our discretion. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy we will post those changes here. We encourage you to visit this area frequently so as to stay informed. If there is any material change in the type of personally identifiable information we collect we will obtain your permission before we attempt to collect the additional personal information. We will not make any changes that allow us to give personal information to a third party without obtaining permission from you first.
Your Consent to this Privacy Policy
By using the Site, you signify your agreement to be bound by this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with any term in this Policy, please do not use the Site or submit any personally identifiable information.
Home
Our Artists
Mixed Exhibition
Latest Work
About
Contact
Wishlist
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Lost your password?