https://abfilms.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
We are committed to respecting your privacy. This notice is to explain how we may use personal information we collect about members, potential members and others who have expressed an interest in Abingdon College and District Film Society (the Society). This notice explains how we comply with the law on data protection and what your rights are. For the purposes of data protection we will be the controller of any of your personal information.
References to we, our or us in this privacy notice are to the Society.
Our Data Controller is our Honorary Secretary acting on behalf of the Society committee – see the  contact details.
1. Personal Information we may collect from you
You may initially provide us with or we may obtain personal information about you, such as information regarding your:
personal contact details that allow us to contact you directly such as name, title, email and postal addresses and telephone numbers
membership start and end date
records of your attendance at any films or events hosted by us
2. Special categories of personal information
We do not collect this.
3. Where we collect your information
We typically collect personal information when you express an interest in the Society, apply to become a member or subscribe to our Newsletter on https://abfilms.org.uk/phplist
4. Uses made of the information
Below is described the main purposes for which we process your personal information, the categories of your information involved and our lawful basis for being able to do this.
To administer any membership you have with us and managing our relationship with you, including dealing with payments we may use all contact and membership details, transaction and payment information in order to enable us to properly manage and administer your membership contract with us.
To send you information about membership we may use your contact details in order to enable us to properly manage and administer the Society.
To send you our newsletters and other information concerning the running of the Society we may use your contact details where you have requested us to do so.
For the purposes of promoting the Society, our events and membership we may use all your contact and membership details to enable us to properly manage and administer the Society
Where you have given us your consent to use your personal information in a particular manner, you have the right to withdraw this consent at any time. To stop receiving the Newsletter and have your email address removed from the list follow the instructions on the Newsletter. In any other case see the  contact details.
Please note however that the withdrawal of your consent will not affect any use of the data made before you withdrew your consent and we may still be entitled to hold and process the relevant personal information to the extent that we are entitled to do so on bases other than your consent.
5. Direct Marketing
We will not contact you with marketing information other than about ABCDFS. If you wish to be removed from our contact list please let us know as described in  contact details.
(Please note that if you do this we will be unable to let you know about renewal of your membership)
6. Disclosure of your personal information
We do not share your personal information with third parties unless approved by you or we are required to do so by law.
7. Transferring your personal information internationally
The personal information we collect is not transferred to and stored in countries outside of the UK and the European Union.
8. How long do we keep your personal information for
We need to retain records in order to properly administer and manage your membership and run the Society. We will not normally keep the personal information we collect about membership for more than three years from the last contact from you. If you have supplied an email address in order to be sent our Newsletter this information will remain until you unsubscribe or will be removed after the email address is deemed “undeliverable”. Information about payments you have made or received will be kept for four years.
It is important to ensure that the personal information we hold about you is accurate and up-to-date, and you should let us know if anything changes, for example if you change your phone number or email address.
9. Your rights in relation to personal information
You have the following rights in relation to your personal information:
to be informed about how your personal information is being used
to access the personal information we hold about you
to request the correction of inaccurate personal information we hold about you
to request the erasure of your personal information in certain limited circumstances
to restrict processing of your personal information where certain requirements are met
to object to the processing of your personal information
to request that we transfer elements of your data either to you or another service provider
to object to certain automated decision-making processes using your personal information
You should note that some of these rights, for example the right to require us to transfer your data to another service provider or the right to object to automated decision making, may not apply as they have specific requirements and exemptions which apply to them and they may not apply to personal information recorded and stored by us. For example, we do not use automated decision making in relation to your personal data. However, some have no conditions attached, so your right to withdraw consent or object to processing for direct marketing are absolute rights.
Whilst this privacy notice sets out a general summary of your legal rights in respect of personal information, this is a very complex area of law. More information about your legal rights can be found on the Information Commissioner’s website at https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/.
To exercise any of the above rights, or if you have any questions relating to your rights, please contact us as described in  contact details..
If you are unhappy with the way we are using your personal information you can also complain to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office or your local data protection regulator. We are here to help and encourage you to contact us first to resolve your complaint.
10. Changes to this notice
We may update this privacy notice from time to time. When we change this notice in a material way, we will update the version date at the bottom of this page. For significant changes to this notice we will try to give you reasonable notice unless we are prevented from doing so. Where required by law we will seek your consent to changes in the way we use your personal information.
11. Contacting us
In the event of any query or complaint in connection with the information we hold about you, please email info@abfilms.org.uk and include Data Protection in the subject line or write to us at ABCD Film Society, c/o Health and Wellbeing Centre, Audlett Drive, Abingdon OX14 3GD.
Version dated 27 May 2018
Copyright in all film stills is held by the producers and distributors of those films and is acknowledged. Should this website’s use of any image infringe your copyright please contact ABCD Film Society for removal of that image.
Programme notes up to 2003 are © Fred McDonald. They may be used but the author should be acknowledged.
Search for:
Search
ScreeningsFuture Screenings
Past Screenings by Date
Past Screenings by Title
Past Screenings by Popularity
Other thingsAbout Us
Privacy Policy
Membership
Committee
Newsletters
Mailing list
Links
Social Media
Social media & sharing icons
powered by UltimatelySocial