http://about.sciflicks.com/privacy_policy.html
Home | Sci-Fi Movie Guides | Artists | SQUAD! Forums | Advertise!
SciFlicks.com
> Media Kit
Media Kit
DESIGN TEAM
DEMOGRAPHICS
ADVERTISE!
CONTACT INFO
Home
Browse Movies
Arriving Flicks
Artists DB
SQUAD! Forums
Miscellaneous
SUGGESTION BOX
LINK TO US
PRIVACY POLICY
LEGAL NOTICES
COOL LINKS
Privacy Policy
Quick Summary of the Main Points:
SciFlicks.com only uses your IP address for temporary identification
and general site usage statistics;
SciFlicks.com links to other web sites which are not bound by our privacy
policy;
SciFlicks.com does not use cookies, except in forums;
Your e-mail address is kept in a secure database and used to communicate with
you;
Your information will never be disclosed to any third party;
You may remove your information by visiting http://www.sciflicks.com/
Privacy Policy in Its Complete Format:
1. Description
Popcorn Studios has created this privacy policy in order to demonstrate our
firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering
and dissemination practices for this Web site: SciFlicks.com.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer
our web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and to gather broad
demographic information. Such data is mainly used in the aggregate, to help determine
general usage patterns and fine tune layout in order to assure that this site
is as useful and enjoyable as possible.
This site contains links to other sites. SciFlicks.com and Popcorn Studios
are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
We run contests on our site in which we ask visitors for contact information
(like their email address). We use contact data from our contests to send users
information about our company. The customer's contact information is also used
to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings;
see the choice/opt-out section below.
Your contact information will never be shared with any third party.
2. Cookies
SciFlicks.com does not use cookies, except in forums. We do not have
access to any information about you from third-party cookies (advertisers) you
might receive while visiting our site.
The cookies used in the forums are to improve your community experience by
allowing you to know which messages are new since you last visited as well as
other features to your advantage. No other and non-authorized use is made of these
cookies.
3. Engage Privacy Policy
SciFlicks.com works with third parties that serve ads to this site.
To find out more about how Engage manages the privacy of information in conjunction
with serving ads on this site, please go to http://www.engage.com/privacy/privacy.htm.
4. Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available
to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these
areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding
to disclose your personal information.
5. Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration
of the information under our control. The newsletter information is stored in
a protected database which only the webmaster can access. Only your email address
is inscribed. Any other information (email, correspondence, suggestions, comments...)
is placed off-server in a secure location. If your information is stored it will
only be name and e-mail.
6. Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications
from us at the point where we request information about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information
from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive
our service.
You can unsubscribe by visiting http://www.sciflicks.com/
You can send email to
remove(AT)sciflicks(DOT)com
7. Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information
previously provided.
Visit http://www.sciflicks.com/
E-mail
corrections(AT)sciflicks(DOT)com
8. Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this site,
or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
René-Marc Simard
SciFlicks.com / Popcorn Studios
1107-A Dupas St.
Longueuil, Québec
J4L 2Z7
CANADA
webmaster(AT)sciflicks(DOT)com
Sci-Fi Movie:> more...
SciFlicks SQUAD!Join Us.
Sci-Fi Movie:> more...
Copyright © 1998-2020 – Popcorn Studios.
All Movie Material and Media Copyright ©
to their Respective Owners.
All Rights Reserved. For Personal, Non-Profit Use Only.
Refer to Legal Notices for Details.