https://about.new7wonders.com/terms-conditions/
Skip to content
Terms & Conditions
By entering this site and or using its features you agree to adhere to the following terms and conditions in relation to the site, the services, and all related matters.
Copyright: Copyright 2000-2018, Global Platform Ltd., (GP), All rights reserved.
Intellectual Property Agent for Notices and other communications. See Contact section for details.
Respect of copyright and other intellectual property rights and conventions
GP respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask our users to do the same. GP may, in appropriate circumstances and at its discretion, disable and/or terminate the accounts of users who may be infringing the intellectual property rights of GP and or others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please contact us.
Trademarks
New7Wonders, and other New7Wonders logos and product and service names are registered trademarks of GP. Without GP’s prior permission, you agree not to display or use in any manner, the New7Wonders trademarks. Your use of and participation in the website confirms you agree that you may not copy, reproduce, republish, download, post, broadcast, transmit, make available to the public, or otherwise use in any way in any media in any website or other New7Wonders content in any way other than and except for your own personal, non-commercial use. You agree not to adapt, alter or create a derivative work from any website or other New7Wonders content except for your own personal, strictly non-commercial use. Any other use of New7Wonders content requires the prior written permission of GP.
Privacy policy
GP is the global source of information and commerce services for the New7Wonders campaigns. This privacy policy applies to all brands and services within and associated with the New7Wonders family.
Overall privacy statement
GP takes your privacy seriously. Because we necessarily gather certain types of information about our users we want to help you understand the terms and conditions surrounding the collection and use of that information. This privacy statement discloses the types of information we gather, how we use it, and how to correct or change it. These privacy practices apply to the web site that you were viewing when you clicked through to this policy, which is operated by GP, its partner or affiliate.
Contact
If you have authorized GP to contact you for the purposes of information updates and other communication, your details may be placed on the GP databases. You may at any time ask to be removed from these databases by sending your details to remove(at)n7w.com. If you have authorized GP to contact you by mobile phone we may send you sms updates for which you may be charged a premium subject always to the arrangements in place with your mobile operator. To remove your mobile number from our databases please send the number and country to remove(at)n7w.com. There may be a delay between when we receive your notification to be removed from our databases and the actual removal, and you may continue to receive updates and have charges made in this short interim period.
Personal identifiable information
GP’s primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide you with the best and most useful content and services. Because the New7Wonders campaigns derive their revenues mainly from sponsoring, donations and advertising, collecting information is essential to keeping our services affordable to users. GP collects personally-identifiable information when you provide it to us, such as when you register on one of our sites, when you vote or subscribe an e-mail newsletter, when you use certain products or services, and when you visit New7Wonders pages. Several of the services that we offer on our sites, such as voting and message boards, may require registration as a condition of use. Once you register with one of our New7Wonders sites you are no longer anonymous to us. GP may also receive information about you from other sources and add it to the information you have provided to us.
Anonymous information
Cookies: Your Internet browser likely employs a feature called “cookies” or equivalent which store small amounts of data on your computer about your visit to any of our sites or indeed other sites. However, cookies tell us nothing about who you are unless you specifically give us personally-identifiable information. You do not need to have cookies turned on to visit most New7Wonders sites, although active participation in certain areas of our sites may require cookies. In addition, you may elect not to allow cookies to be collected by selecting certain options on your own browser.
Use of information
GP uses the information we gather for four general purposes: 1. To customize the advertising and content you see; 2. To enhance the user experience in our network of sites. We use tracking information to determine how well each page performs overall based on aggregate user demographics and traffic patterns to those pages. This helps us continue to build a better service for you; 3. To fulfil your requests for certain products and services, such as sending out electronic newsletters and enabling users to participate in polls, contests, message boards, and auctions; 4. To send you information you agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to you.
Web bugs & servers
We use electronic images known as Web bugs — sometimes called single-pixel GIFs, transparent GIFs, or clear gifs — that allow us to track general user traffic patterns. GP also automatically receives and records information from our servers and from your browser, including your IP address, the time, and information about the page you requested.
Tracking technologies
GP uses tracking technologies in a variety of ways, including: keeping count of return visits to our site or our advertisers’ or partners’ sites, accumulating and reporting anonymous, aggregate (data collected in mass), statistical information on Web site and advertisement usage determining which features users like best saving your password so you don’t have to re-enter it each time you visit our sites.
Terms of Service
Recognizing the global nature of the Internet, you agree to comply with all relevant national and local laws, rules and conventions regarding online conduct and acceptable content. Specifically, you agree to comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the country in which you reside.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold GP, and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, co-branders or other partners, and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of content you submit, post, transmit or make available through the service, your use of the service, your connection to the service, your violation of the Terms and Conditions or your violation of any rights of another.
No resale of service
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit for any commercial purposes, any portion of the service, use of the service, or access to the service.
Modification to service
GP reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the service (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that GP shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the service.
Links
The service may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other World Wide Web sites or resources. Because GP has no control over such sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that New7Wonders is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that GP shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource.
Ranking and voting data
The ranking and voting data published by New7Wonders is copyright owned. Specific binding rules cover the use of this data. News media: Recognised news media outlets may reproduce this ranking information in a news context only, providing the following text is always shown in a visible manner: Ranking © www.new7wonders.com. Other uses: Any other uses by organisations, companies, websites are subject to license and approval by New7Wonders. Contact us for further information.
Disclaimer of technical service
Website content, including information, names, images, pictures and logos relating to New7Wonders or its services, is provided “as is” and on an “is available basis” without any representations or any kind of warranty made (whether express or implied by law) to the extent permitted by law, including non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy.
GP does not warrant that the functions contained in the website content will be without delay or interruption or that the voting or other data transfer will be accurate or complete, that defects will be corrected, or that the website or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs or any other damaging internet based materials. Under no circumstances is or will GP be responsible or liable to you or any third party for any loss (whether such losses were foreseen, foreseeable, known or otherwise) including but not limited to: loss of data; loss of revenue; loss of business; loss of opportunity; any indirect, consequential, special or exemplary damages arising from the use of the website.
Disclaimer of warranties
You expressively understand and agree that: your use of the service is at your sole risk. the service is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. GP expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
GP makes no warranty that (i) the service will meet your requirements, (ii) the service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free, (iii) the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable, (iv) the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you through the service will meet your expectations, and (v) any errors in the software will be corrected.
Any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the service is done at your own discretion and risk and that you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any such material. d. no advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from yahoo or through or from the service shall create any warranty not expressly stated in the Terms and Conditions.
Limitation of liability
You expressly understand and agree that GP shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if GP has been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from: (i) the use or the inability to use the service; (ii) the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from any goods, data, information or services purchased or obtained or messages received or transactions entered into through or from the service; (iii) unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data; (iv) statements or conduct of any third party on the service; or (v) any other matter relating to the service.
Upload of content such as videos, photos, audio, graphics, text and any other content
Parts of the website (either directly or via partner websites) allows you to send us videos, photos, audio, graphics, text and any other content featuring images of any of the 21 candidates, 7 wonders, any participating locations, or on any general New7Wonders themes. We aim to screen briefly for content quality and appropriateness of material to make sure that this remains a site that everyone can enjoy. You warrant any material you do provide as not infringing the copyright or other rights of any third party person or organisation. Please do not send us materials owned by another person where you do not have the requisite permission. GP expressly disclaims liability for any such third party owned material; GP cannot be responsible or liable to you or any third party for any loss (whether such losses were foreseen, foreseeable, known or otherwise) including but not limited to: loss of data; loss of revenue; loss of business; loss of opportunity; any indirect, consequential, special or exemplary damages arising from the use of n7w.com as a result of you wilfully or unknowingly providing third party content to GP.
Ownership of uploaded content
When you upload content to the website (including videos, photos, audio, graphics, text and any other content) either directly or via partner websites, you agree, by submitting your contribution, to grant GP a perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive, sub-licensable right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, play, make available to the public, and exercise all copyright and publicity rights for your contribution worldwide and/or to incorporate your contribution in other works in any media now known or later developed for the full term of any rights that may exist in your contribution. If you do not want to grant to GP the rights set out above, please do not upload your content.
Ethical and moral conduct
You may not use the website for any of the following purposes: (i) Disseminating any unlawful, harassing, libellous, abusive, threatening, harmful, vulgar, obscene, or otherwise objectionable material or otherwise breaching any laws; (ii) Transmitting material that encourages conduct that constitutes a criminal offence, results in civil liability or otherwise breaches any applicable laws, regulations or code of practice in your or any other jurisdiction; (iii) Interfering with any other person’s use or enjoyment of the website; or making, transmitting or storing electronic copies of materials protected by copyright without the permission of the owner. You will be responsible for our losses and costs resulting from your breach of this requirement. We reserve the right to remove any material we see fit and at our absolute discretion.
Users under 13 where prohibited by law
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 where this is prohibited by law or knowingly allow such person to register. If you are under 13, and the law of your country prohibits you from registering, you must not attempt to register with the Site or send any information about yourself to us, including, but not limited to, your name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address.
Users under 16 where required by law
If you are aged 16 or under, please obtain your parent/guardian’s permission if this is required by the law of your country BEFORE providing personal information to n7w.com. Users without this consent are not allowed to provide us with personal information.
Global Voting Platform
Voting for the New7Wonders campaigns is through the New7Wonders Global Voting Platform (GVP). By participating in the GVP, you are notifying us of your voting choice online by becoming a New7Wonders Member, by purchasing a certificate online, by making a phone call to one of the provided telephone numbers, by sending us a mobile text message, or by other methods that will be included as part of the GVP. GP reserves the right at its absolute discretion to exclude votes and voters. For example, only web votes that have been cast by authentic single personalized complete voting acts directly on the new7wonders.com voting interface are accepted. In some instances you may incur certain standard or premium charges to send us your vote, such as for example to send us a mobile text message. In nearly all cases a small portion of these charges may be received by GP and will be used to help offset the significant costs of running the N7W campaign. Where possible and relevant the charges for participating in the GVP are as notified in the relevant section. GP will update this pricing information on a timely basis, but is not responsible for any incorrect information or incorrect charging. GP reserves the right to withdraw the GVP at any time. You acknowledge that the GVP may, at any time, be adversely affected by problems with your telephone or internet network within or outside GP’s control, including, without limitation, interference to the network coverage, congestion and dropped connections. GP shall not be responsible or liable to you for any loss, damage or expenses incurred directly or indirectly by you as a result of any difficulties experienced by your telephone or internet service provider.
Nominee and candidate participation
GP ultimately decides whether a nominee, candidate or wonder is able to participate and or retain its status in the New7Wonders campaigns. Non-compliance with these terms and other participation terms in any country may result in the temporary suspension of the participating nominee, candidate or wonder from that country. Persistent or un-remedied non-compliance may result in the permanent elimination of a nominee, candidate or wonder.
Change of terms
GP reserves the right to change these terms and conditions at any time by posting changes online. Please review these terms regularly to ensure that you are aware of any changes made by GP. Your continued use of the website, after any changes are posted, signifies confirmation that you agree to be legally bound by these terms as updated and/or amended.
Other languages
This site and related materials may be translated by GP and or other parties and or automated machine based mechanisms into languages other than English. No warranty is intended or given as to the accuracy or correctness of such translation(s) which are or may be provided as a courtesy or for other non-official use. You should not rely on such translations and they are not binding legally. The terms and conditions are in English only and which version is the only official version and which supersedes any other version which may arise through whatever and whichever means.
Governing law
These Terms and Conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Canton of Zurich/Switzerland.
Wonderful Content loading...
Do you have any questions about the New7Wonders campaigns?
Are you writing an article, do you have a project in mind?
Maybe you have an idea using the New7Wonders concept?
Whatever it is, just say "Hello!" to us, and we will reply as soon as we can.
Press & Media
Ideas & Business
If you are from the press or a media organisation, or a social media reporter, please use this form to contact our Communications Department.
Name:
Email:
Message:
Send
If you have an idea involving the New7Wonders concept, or maybe you want to associate New7Wonders with your product or brand, or any other commercial or business or new creative idea, please use this form to contact Jean-Paul de la Fuente, New7Wonders Head of Value Development.>
Name:
Email:
Message:
Send
×
JOIN THE PEACE CAMPAIGN
New Campaign
7 Symbols of Peace
With this campaign, we all unite by nominating and voting for our 7 Symbols of Peace.
Visit 7SymbolsOfPeace.com