https://aceseditors.org/privacy
Privacy Policy
We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy. We may collect personally identifiable information when you visit our site. We also automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, cookie information and the page(s) you visited. We will not sell your personally identifiable information to anyone if you have indicated you do not wish for your information to be shared with others within your profile settings.
Terms of use
1. Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
This website uses cookies.  By using this website and agreeing to these terms and conditions, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of ACES’s privacy policy.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials from ACES’s web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on ACES’s web site;use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any commercial public display;modify or copy the materials;remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; ortransfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by ACES at any time.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on ACES’s web site are provided “as is.” ACES makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, ACES does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall ACES or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on ACES’s Internet site, even if ACES or an ACES authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you
5. Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless ACES and all of its employees, agents, directors, officers, proprietors, partners, representatives, shareholders, servants, attorneys, predecessors, successors, and assigns, from and against any and all claims, proceedings, damages, injuries, liabilities, losses, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and litigation expenses), relating to or arising from your use of the ACES web site, any breach by you of this Agreement, or any other matter for which you are responsible hereunder or under law.
6. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on ACES’s web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. ACES does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. ACES may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. ACES does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
7. Copyright
All material contained on ACES’s website (including all software and code) is protected by copyright laws, except for material in the public domain under United States copyright law. No material from ACES’s website may be resold or redistributed without the prior written consent of ACES.
8. Links
ACES has not reviewed all of the content of sites linked to its website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. As such, you agree that ACES shall not be liable in connection with the content, the accuracy of the information, and/or quality of products or services provided by or advertised on these third-party web sites.  The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by ACES of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user’s own risk.
9. Site Terms of Use Modifications
ACES may revise these terms of use for its website at any time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
10. Governing Law/Venue
Any claim relating to ACES’s website shall be governed by the laws of the State of Illinois, U.S.A. without regard to its conflict of law provisions.  Venue for any action arising out of this agreement or relating to ACES’s web site or your use thereof will be a court of competent jurisdiction in Illinois, U.S.A.
The ACES web site is controlled and operated by ACES from its offices within the United States.  ACES makes no representation that materials on the ACES web site are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to them from territories where any of the contents of the ACES web site are illegal is prohibited.  If you choose to access the ACES web site from other locations, you do so on your own volition and are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws.
11. Privacy Policy
We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy. We may collect personally identifiable information when you visit our site. We also automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, cookie information and the page(s) you visited. We will not sell your personally identifiable information to anyone if you have indicated you do not wish for your information to be shared with others within your profile settings.
12.Submissions
The ACES web site includes certain interactive features that allow users to post, transmit and receive messages or content to discussion forums, newsgroups, chat areas, calendars or other online channels (“Communications”).  ACES does not prescreen or editorially control Communications on the ACES web site.  ACES reserves the right (but does not assume the responsibility) to block or remove any Communications in its sole discretion.
ACES does not claim ownership in the content of your Communications. If you make Communications, you irrevocably grant ACES (and any affiliates and sublicensees) the worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, sublicensable right and license to store, copy, reproduce, adapt, reformat, create derivative works of, transmit, disseminate, publicly display and perform such Communications through any media or technology now known or hereafter created.
13. Digital Millennium Copyright Act
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the “DMCA”) provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under US copyright law.  ACES reserves the right to remove any material on the ACES web site which allegedly infringes another person’s copyright.  Notices to ACES regarding any alleged copyright infringement on the ACES web site should be directed to our contact us page.
14. Entire Agreement
These Terms and Conditions of Use and ACES ’s Privacy Policy, which are hereby incorporated as if set forth fully in these Terms and Conditions, represent the entire agreement between you and ACES with respect to your use of and material available on or through the ACES web site, and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral, or written between you and ACES with respect to the ACES web site.  Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Conference
Training
News
Job Bank
Editors For Hire
Scholarships