https://acfa-cashflow.com/terms-of-use/
See If You Qualify
Toggle navigation
Short Term
Bad Credit Payday Loans
Same day
No Credit Check Loans
Guaranteed Payday Loans
Direct Payday Lenders
Installment Loans
Online Installment Loans
Bad Credit Installment Loans
Business Loans
Bad credit business loans
Merchant Cash Advance Loans
Contact Us
About Us
Blog
Home » Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCESSING OUR SITE. BY USING OUR SITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE YOU HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT AND YOU AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONTAINED HEREIN. Authorized Uses: You agree that our Web site (the “Company”) only authorizes you to use this Site solely for your own non-commercial personal use.
Privacy Policy:
By using this Site you acknowledge that you have read and understand our Privacy Policy and you agree to all the terms and conditions contained therein. We are a lender matching service and therefore submit your application to as many lenders and or other matching services as needed to crate the highest chance of approval.
Privacy Disclaimer:
Although we do everything in our power to protect your data, you agree that we are not responsible for any marketing communications you receive from third party lenders, loan matching services and non affiliated third parties that are a result of your utilization of our loan matching service. Once we send your application to all the loan providers and matching services we have no control over how they use that data.
It is good policy for you to put your home phone and cell phone on the national ‘Do Not Call’ list and also utilize a special email you set up for receiving business communications and solicitations from online sources. If possible avoid applying with your cell phone as third parties may send SMS messages in violation of our privacy policy. Avoid using the email you normally us for family and friends to communicate with if at all possible. Be prompt in reporting any party abusing your data
Periodic Changes:
The Company may, from time to time, make changes or additions to this agreement. Your continued use of the site after the Company makes such changes or additions will signify that you agree to such changes or additions. You should therefore visit this site periodically to review any changes to Terms and Conditions.
Inaccuracies at the Site:
While the Company uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information at the Site, the Company makes no warranties or representations as to the Site’s accuracy. The Company disclaims any and all liability for the accuracy, completeness, or correctness of such information.
Disclaimer of Warranties:
Neither the Company nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the Site makes any representations or warranties whatsoever. EVERYTHING ON THIS SITE IS PROVIDED TO YOU “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. THIS INCLUDES, BUT IS NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
Limitation of Liabilities:
Your use of this Site is at your own risk. Neither the Company nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the Site assumes any responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from this Site. NO SUCH PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF YOUR ACCESS TO, OR USE OF, THE SITE. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COMPANY’S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU, IF ANY, FOR ACCESSING THIS SITE.
Security Disclaimer:
While the Company uses reasonable efforts to safeguard the security of the Site, there can be no guarantee that such safeguards will successfully prevent unauthorized alterations in the Site’s content or functionality. The Company assumes no liability or responsibility for any unauthorized alterations in the content or functionality of the Site.
Company use of Content Submitted:
Any unsolicited communication or material you transmit to the Site by electronic mail or otherwise, including any data, comments, suggestions, questions, or the like is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary. Any unsolicited communication or material that you transmit or post may be used by the Company or its affiliates for any purpose, including, but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcasting, distribution or posting. Furthermore, the Company will be free to use any ideas, concepts, or techniques contained in any unsolicited communication or material you send to the Site for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to developing, manufacturing and marketing.
Images of People or Places:
Images of people or places displayed on the Site are either the property of, or used with permission by, the Company. Unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
Trademark Information:
The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively the “Trademarks”) displayed on the Site are registered and unregistered Trademarks of the Company and others. Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the Site without the written permission of the Company or such third party that may own the Trademarks displayed on the Site. Your use of the Trademarks displayed on the Site or any other content on the Site, except as provide in these Terms and Conditions, is strictly prohibited.
Links:
The Company has not reviewed any other websites that may be linked to this Site and is not responsible for the content of any off-site pages or any other sites linked to the Site. Linking to any other off-site pages is at your own risk.
Dealings with Advertisers:
Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers found on or through the Site, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such advertiser. The Company shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such advertisers on the Site.
Monitoring, Copying, Altering Site:
You agree that you will not use any automatic device or manual process to monitor or copy our web pages, or the content contained herein, without our prior expressed written permission. You agree that you will not use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site. You agree that you will not copy, reproduce, alter, modify, create derivative works, or publicly display any content from our Web site without the prior expressed written permission of the Company.
Governing Law Forum:
These terms and conditions will be construed in accordance with and governed by the internal laws of the State of Nevada, without giving effect to any choice of law rule. Any action or proceeding seeking to enforce any provision of, or based on any right arising out of, this Agreement may be brought against any of the parties only in the courts of the State of Nevada, located in Clark County. Each party consents to exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any action, or proceeding, and waives any objection to the venue laid therein.
Entire Agreement:
The provisions of this Agreement, constitutes the entire Agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.
CONTACT US:
Should you have any questions about our Terms and Conditions or our Privacy Policy, or you have any additional questions or concerns, please email us at webmaster@acfa-cashflow.com
OUR ISP INFORMATION:
Company Name and Web site: acfa-cashflow.com
TO BE REMOVED FROM OUR LIST, please email us at webmaster@acfa-cashflow.com
Get Started Now!
-- Requested Amount --
$100.00
$200.00
$300.00
$400.00
$500.00
$600.00
$700.00
$800.00
$900.00
$1000.00+
By clicking on "Get Started!", I agree to the
Terms of Use,
Privacy Policy and
ESIGN Consent
Ready To Grow Your Business? It’s free–prequalify without affecting your credit!
Check Your Options
Copyright © 2020 acfa cashflow | All Rights Reserved