https://acousticbrew.org/privacy-policy/
Acoustic Brew Concerts has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for acousticbrew.org
General Statement of Principles As described in detail below, any information we gather at this web site is strictly for our use and is not shared with any other entity, public or private, for any reason – period. We will not sell or give away any lists or other data that we may retain and we do not purchase such information from other sources.
Statistical Data Our servers (as most) track IP addresses and referring pages to help with site maintenance and improvements. This data is viewed only as anonymous statistics to show the busiest times of the day or week, pages with errors and how effective our advertising has been. This information is not used for any other purpose.
Personal Information Collected
Brewlist Form: We store the information from your signup form — your name and e-mail address — to allow us to send you occasional announcements. You may elect to have your information completely removed from this system by e-mailing us with your request. You may also send an e-mail directly to listserv@lists.psu.edu with “Signoff BREWLIST” in the body of the message to be immediately removed (NOTE: this e-mail must originate from the e-mail address where you are receiving the posts). Removal information is also included with every communication.
Online Ticketing: We can access some of the information that you provide to our ticketing service, Etix: your name, address and e-mail, which we retain in order to send you our seasonal mailer and Brewlist posts. We do not keep, nor do we have access to, any of your credit card payment information. Etix’s Privacy Policy is available here.
Season Schedule Card Mailing If you’d rather not receive postal mailings, please send an email to mailing list manager. There are instructions above about how to have your e-mail address removed from the Brewlist.
Outside Links This site may on occasion provide links to other sites for your convenience or additional information. Acoustic Brew Concerts is not responsible for any content or practices of these sites.
Information Correction or Removal If you wish to correct, update or remove any information about you that may be in our records, please send us e-mail at our General Information address with the details of your request. If you wish to contact us further, please find complete contact information on our contact page.
a listening place