http://adtunes.com/forums/faq.php?faq=sitefaq#faq_privacy
Music in TV commercials, movie trailers, film soundtracks and more.
Register
Help
Save?
Home
Forums
Forum Home
New Posts
FAQ
Community
Member List
Forum Actions
Mark Forums Read
Quick Links
Today's Posts
Search
Store
Advanced Search
FAQ
Site FAQ
Advertising
Adtunes, the leading source of advertising music information, welcomes you!
As the premiere site about ad music, Adtunes features the longest running and most popular forum about songs featured in television commercials, movie trailers, television shows, movie soundtracks, and more.
Register for a free account and join our community to post messages about the ad music you are looking for or help answer other advertising soundtrack questions. As a registered member, you will have greater access to the site and more features.
If you have any questions or comments, contact us anytime.
Register Now!
Adtunes Forums FAQ
Here you can find answers to questions about how the board works. Use the links or search box below to find your way around.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. Please read this document and take time to understand it. By registering with Adtunes and/or using this site you have accepted these terms. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use this site. This privacy policy may change from time to time without notice. Please ensure you keep up to date with any changes.
Information Collected and Stored
To post on Adtunes we require a valid email address. This information, together with your IP address when you register and post, is collected and retained along with your topic posts. You may choose to make available and save other personal information such as name, age, location, email address, photograph, on line contact details, interest etc via your Control Panel.
Messages and emails transmitted through Adtunes may be stored.
Other information that is collected is from web site logs (such as browser and operating system information, Internet service provider, etc.) but these are generally non-personal.
Usage and Disclosure of Information
Adtunes does not sell, rent, loan, trade, or lease any personal information collected at this site, including email addresses, demographics, etc., unless otherwise noted. Any personal information gathered will be of a voluntary nature.
We do reserve the right to disclose user information to third parties when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing (or planning) injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other web site users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. This includes disrupting our site. We may disclose personal information without notice to you when we believe in good faith that the law requires it or to respond to an emergency situation.
If registered, you may elect, via your user control panel to allow other members to email you. This is done without disclosing your email address to the sender.
To assist in the maintenance of your account with the Adtunes (lost passwords for example) it may be necessary for the Adtunes server, an Administrator or Moderator to contact you via your email address. Adtunes reserves the right to send messages to your email address to establish the validity of that email address or resolve any issues with your Adtunes account.
Usage statistics from web site logs may be provided to other interested parties.
We will use all reasonable efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of any personal information but will have no liability for disclosure of any information obtained due to errors in transmission or the unauthorized acts of third parties.
Information Collection by other Companies
There may be links to other sites, affiliates, advertising, or products on Adtunes. It is important to check the privacy policies of these sites as you view them and provide information on them. Adtunes is not responsible for any information, links, products, advertising, or any other type of third party content that may appear on our web site.
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit networkadvertising.org.
Cookies
Cookies are used to store information and make your visit more convenient and time efficient. Cookies are text files that are place on your hard drive by our site to save your preferences. For example if you allow the cookie from Adtunes you may visit the site without logging in each time. This cookie collects NO personal information and does not forward your information or browsing habits to any third party.
Contact
If you have any questions, concerns or comments regarding our privacy policy, please Contact Us.
Search FAQ
Search Word or Words:
Search In:
Search Titles Only
Search in both FAQ item titles and text
Select this option if you would like your search to look in the text of FAQ items as well as their titles.
Show only FAQ items that contain...
Any words
All words
Complete phrase
Select an option here to specify how you would like your search query to be treated. 'Any words' will return the most numerous but possibly least relevant results, while 'Complete phrase' will return only results that contain exactly what you are searching for.
Quick Style Chooser:
-- Adtunes
-- Adtunes Mobile
Contact Us
Adtunes
Privacy Statement
Top
Menu
Home - Front page of site
Forums - Community forums
Search - Search the site
Store - Buy ad music
About - Info on Adtunes
Contact - Email us
Register - Register for forums
Info
Television Commercials Music
Television Shows Soundtracks
Movie Trailers Music
Movie Soundtracks
Video Game Commercials Music
Video Game Soundtracks
More Music...
Links
Adtunes
Adtunes UK
Adtunes on Twitter
Adtunes UK on Twitter
Adtunes on Facebook
Adtunes on YouTube
Adtunes RSS
About
Adtunes is the most popular advertising music guide to songs used in TV commercials, TV shows, movie trailers, film soundtracks, and more.
The Adtunes Forums are the premiere ad music community and the best source of advertising music information. Looking for a song from a TV commercial, television show, film trailer or movie? Search the forums.
© Adtunes.com. Web site design by altlab.com. All times are GMT -4. The time now is 02:46 AM.