https://aifd.org/website-privacy-statement/
Find A Designer
About Us
Officers & Staff
Code of Ethics
AIFD® Foundation
Focal Points Blog
Volunteer With AIFD®
Newsletter Archives
Recent News
Job Bank and Classifieds
AIFD® Awards
Advertise with AIFD®
Events
Calendar of Events
2020 Symposium “Vision”
2019 Symposium “Awaken” Recap
Past Symposia
Register For Events
Submit an Event
Membership
Becoming a CFD®
Becoming AIFD®
Logo & Trademark
Membership FAQs
Certified Floral Evaluator/Judge Program
AIFD® Certified Floral Evaluators/Judges
Account Log-in
Pay Your Dues
Continuing Education Renewal
CE Renewal for Certified Floral Designers
CE Renewal for AIFD Accredited Members
Recognizing Laureates
Education
Course Descriptions
Online Class Schedule
Register Now for Classes
Go to Moodle
AIFD® Resource Center
Bringing FFA to Symposium
Students
SAIFD Chapters
Artists in Residence
Student Competition
Advisor Forms
Chapters
North Central Chapter
North Central Board Members
North Central Chapter Updates
North Central Student Chapter Updates
North Central Chapter Newsletter
North East Chapter
North East Board Members
North East Chapter Updates
North East Chapter Newsletter
Northwest Chapter
Northwest Board Members
Northwest Chapter Updates
Northwest Chapter Scholarship
South Central Chapter
South Central Board Members
South Central Chapter Updates
South Central Chapter Committees 2016-2017
South Central SAIFD Chapter Updates
South Central Chapter News
South Central Chapter Scholarship Opportunities
Southern Chapter
Southern Board Members
Southern Chapter Updates
Southern Chapter Newsletter
Southern Chapter Floral Tips
Southwest Chapter
Southwest Board Members
Southwest Chapter Updates
Partners
Education Partners
List of Education Partners
Elite Partners
Industry Partners
List of Industry Partners
Store
Website Privacy Statement
The American Institute of Floral Designers (AIFD) values your privacy and the following privacy statement covers the collection and use of personal information that may be collected by AIFD when you visit our website or when you purchase AIFD products and services online. Please take a moment to read the following to learn more about our information practices, including what type of information is gathered, how the information is used and for what purposes, to whom we disclose the information, and how we safeguard your personal information.
Information Collection
AIFD collects personal information in order to deliver a superior level of customer service. In order to facilitate online transactions and allow user access to Members-Only features, AIFD collects certain information such as names, addresses, membership IDS, and credit card numbers. In addition, your personal information helps us to keep you posted on the latest meetings, products, and events that you might like to hear about.
The AIFD website requires you to provide personally identifiable information in order to use certain functions of the site. By providing such information, you consent to AIFD’s collection and use of it, as described in this Privacy Statement.
The information you provide may include information collected during the registration process, including contact information (name, address, phone number, e-mail address) and financial information (credit card number). This information will be used to process your order and, if necessary, to contact you regarding the status of your order.
AIFD will not ask your permission to collect or use aggregate information about website visitors or users of our products and services, since aggregate data does not identify you as a specific individual.
Information Disclosure
AIFD takes your privacy very seriously. Be assured that AIFD does not sell or rent your e-mail address to other companies without your consent. To help us provide superior service, we may share personal information with credit card processing companies, merchants, and any other third party that may need the information for your request to be processed. These organizations have their own privacy and collection practices, and AIFD is not responsible for their independent policies. At times we may be required by law or litigation to disclose your personal information. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary.
How to Opt-Out of AIFD Electronic Communications
We send you information about our programs, products, and services via e-mail messages. If you no longer wish to receive our e-mail newsletter or promotional messages, you may opt-out of receiving these communications by following the “unsubscribe” instructions in the e-mail message. There may be certain instances where sponsors of an event are given attendee contact information, including mailing and email addresses, so that you might receive notices of third party products and/or services that may be of interest to you. Please be aware you will be notified of this upon registering for said event and you will be given the opportunity to opt out of this option.
Use of Cookies
Like many websites, AIFD.org uses “cookies” and other technologies to help us understand which parts of the website are the most popular, where our visitors are going, and how much time they spend there. We use cookies and other technologies to study traffic patterns on our website, to make it even more rewarding as well as to study the effectiveness of our customer communications. And we use cookies to customize your experience and provide greater convenience each time you interact with us.
If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to disable or enable the cookie feature. Please note that cookies may be necessary to enable you to use certain features on our website.
Links
The AIFD website contains links to other sites. AIFD is not responsible for the privacy practices of such sites. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected on our website.
Information Security
AIFD will take every precaution to protect your personal information. All personal information collected on individuals will be kept confidential and in a secure environment. Access to personal information will be restricted to only those personnel with a legitimate business purpose.
Contact Us
You may correct or update any of the information you provide to us at any time by sending an e-mail to info@aifd.org, or by calling (443) 966-3850. AIFD welcomes your comments and questions about the website, your experience with our site and services, and our Privacy Statement.
Become an Accredited Member of AIFD
Learn More
2020 Partners
PREMIER PARTNERS:
DIAMOND PARTNERS:
PLATINUM PARTNERS:
GOLD PARTNERS:
SILVER PARTNERS:
BRONZE PARTNERS:
American Institute of Floral Designers™ 2331 Rock Spring Road, Forest Hill, MD 21050 • 443-966-3850 • Contact Us • Privacy Policy • Code of Conduct
© Copyright 2020
American Institute of Floral Designers™. All Rights Reserved
*These translations are computer-generated and as such, they may not always be perfect. AIFD® assumes no responsibility for translation inaccuracies.
https://aifd.org/wp-includes/random_compat/6868668f-c-d.html