http://aliciagrant.com/privacy.htm
Privacy Policy
We
understand your
privacy is important. Please note that this website address is www.aliciagrant.com.
You may email regarding privacy at privacy@aliciagrant.com
For
each visitor to this web site, our web server automatically
recognizes the visitor's domain name, IP and e-mail address, wherever
possible.
We
collect aggregate information on what pages visitors access or visit,
information that may be volunteered by the visitor, such as purchase and
survey information and/or site registrations, but no specific information
on general visitors who browse our Web pages.
The
information we collect is generally used for internal review and then discarded.
This information  may be used to improve the content of this Web
site, or other uses as we see fit, but is not usually shared with other
organizations for commercial purposes
You
may experience normal temporary file download, but we do not set any
specific, intentional cookies.
If
you supply us with your email address, postal address, or phone number
on-line, it is our policy and intention to only provide you with the
information you request  be provided to you.
If,
however, you receive email that you feel is unsolicited and do not wish to
receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by replying to
that email, or sending an e-mail to the above email address
requesting removal from the list.
With
respect to Ad Servers: In an effort to provide links to quality
interesting related websites, and also perhaps provide offers that may be
of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we
allow to place links and/or ads on our web pages. As a result of your
visit to our site, and if you click to one of these affiliated sites, ad
server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP
address and click stream information. We are not involved in, related to,
nor do we participate in that activity. For further information, consult
the privacy policies of each specific company by clicking the links posted
on the website.