https://alphacollege.com/privacy/
Twin English Centre Dublin (formerly Alpha College of English) is committed to protecting your privacy. This statement explains how we use the personal information that you give us.
Please do not send us any personal data about anyone else without their permission.
Legal Basis for Processing
Our legal basis for processing personal data is legitimate interest. Whenever you give us personal data via our website or other means, you are consenting to its collection and use in accordance with this privacy policy.
How Do We Collect Information from You?
We obtain information about you when you use our website, for example, when you contact us about courses, products and services, place an order or if you register to receive one of our newsletters.
What Information We Collect
The personal information we collect might include your name, order details, email address, mailing address, IP address and information regarding what pages are accessed and when.
In addition, we store information you may give us about your interests, or we may learn about these from your use of our services.
How Will We Use the Information You Give?
The personal information that we collect is used:
to provide you with goods and services
for customer administration
for direct marketing communications (see Direct Marketing Communications section below)
to personalise our service to you
to seek your views on products and services
for technical administration of our websites
We also automatically collect data about visitors to our website (for example on browsing patterns) by using cookies. This data is used only in an anonymous form; no individual is identified. Please see the section on Cookies in this privacy policy for more details.
Direct Marketing Communications
From time to time we would like to contact you with details of our products and services, including discounts and competitions by email, post, phone and other electronic means. We will only send you marketing communications if you consent to us doing so. We’ll always treat your personal details with the utmost care and will never sell them to other companies for marketing purposes.
We use MailChimp to send our email newsletters. By signing up to receive Twin English Centre Dublin email communications, you agree to the transfer of data to MailChimp.
Updating Your Data, Erasure and Requesting a Copy of Your Records
If you would like to:
Update your details
Withdraw your consent/opt out of marketing communications
Request erasure of the data we hold on you
Request a copy of the data records we hold on you (we will endeavour to fulfil the request within two weeks but no more than 30 days)
Please contact admin@twinireland.com and we will respond within two working days.
Cookies
This site uses cookies – small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience.
In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences, store information for things like shopping carts, and provide anonymous tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics.  As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better.  However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others.  The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser.
We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the About Cookies website which offers guidance for all modern browsers
Data Security
We are committed to ensuring the security and integrity of personal information that we hold and have put in place appropriate technical and organisational safeguards to ensure this.  Alpha College has a Data Leakage Management Policy and in the event of a breach, we will notify any affected individuals immediately.
As with all electronic communication, when you give us personal data by that means, the data may be sent electronically to servers anywhere in the world and may be used, stored and processed anywhere in the world, including countries outside the European Economic Area (many of whom do not have stringent data protection laws).
Whenever and wherever we collect, process or use personal data, we take steps to ensure that it is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Disclosure – Sharing Your Data
We will not disclose your personal information to third parties except:
as necessary to fulfil your order(s) for our goods and services and to validate your payment details
to suppliers that process data on our behalf
in response to an expressed client need or request, to organisations outside Ireland who are authorised to offer Twin English Centre Dublin courses, products and services
where we believe, in good faith, that it is necessary to comply with the law or to protect the safety of Twin English Centre Dublin, our customers or clients, or the public
Some of these third parties may be located outside the European Economic Area, e.g. credit card processing companies.
However, where an individual takes one of our instruments under the direction of one of our qualified customers, and Twin English Centre Dublin performs a service scoring that instrument for the customer, we will send the individual’s results to that customer in order that they may give appropriate feedback to the individual who took the instrument.
We may also provide your personal data to anyone to whom our business or business assets are transferred.
We may use and disclose aggregated and anonymous information for marketing, product development, strategic or research purposes. In such data, no individual customer will be identifiable.
Links to other sites
This policy applies only to information collected by Twin English Centre Dublin. Links within our sites to those of other organisations are not covered by this policy.
Contacting us
This is a website of Twin Group. If you have any questions about Twin English Centre Dublin’s privacy policy, or wish to opt out of direct marketing or you wish to request any information about your personal data, please e-mail: admin@twinireland.com
Changes to this policy
This privacy policy was last updated in January 2020. Twin Group reserves the right to modify or update the policy from time to time.
Search
Recent Posts
Alpha College of English has joined the Twin Group family
Thibault’s Adventures with Alpha College: 24th and 25th May
Thibault’s Adventures with Alpha College: 6th May
Thibault’s Adventures with Alpha College: 17th and 18th May
The May Bank Holiday and its Significance
Go Paperless this (Eco-friendly) Easter!
In Dublin’s Fair City and Beyond: Spring/Summer Activities with Alpha College
Type and Press “enter” to Search
CookiesThis site uses cookies to improve your experience. Read more.No problem