https://alps.edu/privacy/
Privacy Policy
Sections
Online Privacy Statement
This Online Privacy Statement applies to this website, which is published by ALPS Language School. ALPS Language School is committed to respecting individuals’ privacy. By choosing to continue to use this website, you agree to ALPS Language School’s collection and use of personal information and non-personal information as described in this Online Privacy Statement. This Online Privacy Statement only governs the use and disclosure of information collected through this website.Collection of InformationALPS Language School automatically collects the following information:The Internet Protocol (IP) address and name of the Internet domain you used to access the Internet;The URL of the website from which you linked directly to ALPS Language School’s website;The date and time you accessed ALPS Language School’s website;The pages you visited, including the information requested through your browser, the response from your browser, the size of the page you received in response to the request, and the marketing email or web page that referred you to the page you visited; andThe web browser and operating system you used to access ALPS Language School’s website. Additionally, ALPS Language School may request that you provide certain personal information such as name, username, email address, mailing address, telephone numbers, or social network account information. ALPS Language School may aggregate information collected from your visit to this website with other information at ALPS Language School.Use of InformationALPS Language School will only use your personal data on a lawful basis to fulfill a legitimate interest of ALPS Language School. ALPS Language School may use information collected from your visit to this website to:Manage and improve the user experience and preferences associated with this website and ALPS Language School communications;Track how often people gain access to or read ALPS Language School content;Foster further communications and manage your subscription(s) to ALPS Language School publications;Invite and/or register you (upon request) to events that may be of interest to you;Optimize and personalize your online interactions with ALPS Language School;Fulfill your online requests for goods or services;Conduct online research, education, training, or surveys;Identify anomalies in web traffic in order to help protect personal and ALPS Language school institutional information; andExercise ALPS Language School’s legal rights, defend against legal claims, or respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal processes. The collection and use of personal information for any other purpose than described herein requires supplemental and more specific notification or consent. Disclosure or Sharing of InformationALPS Language School may use third party service providers and suppliers to facilitate this website or the services ALPS Language School provides. Those providers and suppliers may have access to the information ALPS Language School collects in order to fulfill their obligations to ALPS Language School.Collection MethodsALPS Language School may use various technologies such as cookies, applets, scripts, server logs, custom URL parameters, tracking images, information and correspondence, or web analytics to collect information. Depending on your browser you may be able to disable certain collection methods. This may limit your ability to use some features of this website.Non-ALPS Language School WebsitesALPS Language School may provide links on this website to other non-ALPS Language School websites. ALPS Language School may also partner with third parties to place ALPS Language School related ads on non-ALPS Language School websites. Your use of non-ALPS Language School websites is subject to the terms and conditions or privacy statements of the providers of those websites.Children or MinorsALPS Language School does not knowingly collect personal information from children or minors as defined by the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) on its general websites.RetentionALPS Language School retains your data for for the duration of your relationship with ALPS Language School.Additional Rights You May Have Regarding Your DataApplicable laws may give you additional rights to request access to, or to request the erasure, correction or transfer of, your data. For example, the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR) provides certain rights to persons who were/are residing in the European Union when data were/are collected. If the EU GDPR applies to your data then you may ask to see your data or request, to the extent allowed by law, to have your data corrected or erased. You may also object to or request restrictions on how your data will be processed. You may ask that your data be forwarded or transferred to another organization. Finally, to the extent allowed by law, you may withdraw consent you have given to certain data processing, without penalty. If you do decide to withdraw consent at a later date, your withdrawal will not affect the legality of the processing of your data up to that point.QuestionsIf you have questions about the collection or use of information you should contact ALPS Language School at info@alps.edu.Changes to this Online Privacy StatementALPS Language School may periodically update this Online Privacy Statement. The revised statement will be posted at http://alps.edu/privacy.
Are you ready to join?Apply
Questions?Contact Us
+01-206-720-6363
info@alps.edu
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
About
Courses
Apply
Menu
About
Courses
Apply
Admissions
Housing
Calendar
Menu
Admissions
Housing
Calendar
Contact
Menu
Contact
ALPS Language School
430 Broadway E
Seattle, WA 98102
USA
EN
JA
ZH
RU
AR
ES
DE
ES_ES
TR
FR
PT
IT
TH
ZH_CN
EN
Questions?
Ask a friendly ALPS advisor about courses, visas, start dates, and more.
Contact Us!