https://amati.com/en/policy
Auctions
About Our Auctions
Upcoming Auctions
Specialist Auctions
Amati Affordable Auctions
Single Owner Auctions
Guitar Auctions
Buying at auction
Selling at auction
Articles
Buying an instrument for your child
Improve your playing with a better instrument
Buying a violin for investment
Buying a violin at auction: advice for novices
Why Should I Sell My Violin at Auction?
How can I sell my violin now?
Valuations
Find a valuation day near you
Online Valuation
Articles
Who Made My Violin?
Is My Violin Made by Stradivarius?
Your bow might be worth a fortune
Where Can I Get a Violin Valuation?
What happens at a Valuation Day?
Why do we value instruments for free?
How Much is My Violin Worth?
Makers’ Archive
Search The Makers’ Archive
Articles
The Complete and Utter History of W.E. Hill and Sons
300 years of German violin makers
How to look after your Violin
Explore
Articles
Amati Shipping
How to pack the Amati Box
The cites ivory ban the facts
THE CITES IVORY BAN: ALTERNATIVES FOR MUSICIANS
Books from Amati
Blog
Contact
About Team
The Amati Team
Sarah Buchanan
James Buchanan
Kai Dase
Simon Howes
Carles Riba
Ralph Windle
My Amati
Login/Register
My Amati
English
Deutsch
Login/Register
My Amati
English
Deutsch
Auctions
About Our Auctions
Upcoming Auctions
Specialist Auctions
Amati Affordable Auctions
Single Owner Auctions
Guitar Auctions
Buying at auction
Selling at auction
Articles
Buying an instrument for your child
Improve your playing with a better instrument
Buying a violin for investment
Buying a violin at auction: advice for novices
Why Should I Sell My Violin at Auction?
How can I sell my violin now?
Valuations
Find a valuation day near you
Online Valuation
Articles
Who Made My Violin?
Is My Violin Made by Stradivarius?
Your bow might be worth a fortune
Where Can I Get a Violin Valuation?
What happens at a Valuation Day?
Why do we value instruments for free?
How Much is My Violin Worth?
Makers’ Archive
Search The Makers’ Archive
Articles
The Complete and Utter History of W.E. Hill and Sons
300 years of German violin makers
How to look after your Violin
Explore
Articles
Amati Shipping
How to pack the Amati Box
The cites ivory ban the facts
THE CITES IVORY BAN: ALTERNATIVES FOR MUSICIANS
Books from Amati
Blog
Contact
About Team
The Amati Team
Sarah Buchanan
James Buchanan
Kai Dase
Simon Howes
Carles Riba
Ralph Windle
My Amati
Amati Policy
Website
Privacy Policy
Auction
Auction Valuation
Insurance Valuation
Website Terms & Conditions
About these Terms
These terms and conditions (“Terms”) govern the use by you of the website
www.amati.com (the “Website”) and, together with the terms and conditions covering
auctions run on the Website (“Auction Terms”), all services available
through the Website (the Website and the services available through it are referred to
collectively in these Terms as the “Services”).
By accessing the Services and/or, if you register and create an account, by checking
the “I have read and agree to the Terms and Conditions” box on the Website, you are
agreeing to these Terms and enter into a legally binding contract with Amati
Instruments Limited, a company incorporated in England and Wales with registered
office at 4 Prince Albert Road, London, NW1 7SN, United Kingdom and with registered
number 08506963 (“we”, “us”).
You may not use the Services if you are under the age of 18 years old. By agreeing to
these Terms and using the Services, you represent that you are at least 18 years old.
If you do not agree to these Terms you may not use the Services.
We may, at our sole discretion, modify or replace these Terms at any time. It is your
responsibility to check these Terms periodically for changes. Your continued use of
the Services following the posting of any changes to these Terms and/or, when you log
into your account, by checking the “I have read and agree to the Terms and Conditions”
box on the Website, constitutes your acceptance of such changes. If you do not agree
to such changes, you should stop using the Services.
These Terms were last updated on 18th May 2018.
The Services
The Services enable users to participate in online auctions for the sale and purchase
of musical instruments (collectively referred to in these Terms as “Instruments”). We
may in future add new Services, in which case these will be explained on, and made
available via, the Website.
Other than as set out in the Auction Terms, the Services are currently free to use,
however, we may, in our sole discretion, choose to charge for certain aspects of the
Services, in which case such charges will be set out on the Website.
We reserve the right at any time to modify, suspend or discontinue, temporarily or
permanently, the Services (or any part of the Services) for any reason with or without
notice. If we modify, suspend or discontinue any of the Services which you have paid
to receive, and which we have not yet supplied in full, we will give you a pro rated
refund equal to the portion of the Services which you have paid for but not yet
received. You agree that we shall not otherwise be liable to you or to any third party
for any loss caused by modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Services.
Your access to the Services or certain features of the Services may be suspended or
restricted occasionally to allow for maintenance, repairs, upgrades, or the
introduction of new functionality or services. Further, due to the inherent nature of
the internet, errors, interruptions and delays may occur in the service at any time.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to
the Services. You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access the
Services through your internet connection are aware of these Terms, and that they
comply with them.
Content ownership
As between us and you, and subject to these Terms, you will own all material,
including information, data, text, graphics, images and other content (collectively,
“Content”) you provide to us and/or others while using the Services (“your Content”).
You agree that all Content, other than your Content, contained in or delivered via the
Services or otherwise made available in connection with the Services (collectively,
“our Content”) is owned by us or our licensors and is protected by copyright, trade
mark and/or other intellectual property and other proprietary rights and laws. You
shall use our Content exclusively for purposes that are permitted by these Terms and
any applicable laws and regulations. Any rights not expressly granted in these Terms
are reserved.
You agree and acknowledge that the AMATI trade mark is our property and agree not to
challenge either our ownership or use of the AMATI name or our registration of the
AMATI trade mark (except on the basis of non-use).
Use of the Services
Subject to your compliance with these Terms, we hereby grant you a non-exclusive,
non-transferable, revocable right and licence to access and use the Services in
accordance with these Terms.
You shall not, and shall not permit anyone else, directly or indirectly, to use the
Services to offer for sale any Instrument which:
it would be unlawful for you to sell;
infringes any rights, including any intellectual property rights, of any third
party (such as counterfeit or replica Instruments); and/or
has been produced in a factory as part of a mass distribution of similar
Instruments. (The purpose of the Services is to facilitate sales of
Instruments made by individual craftsmen trained in the art of making such
Instruments and all Instruments offered for sale using the Services must have
been made by such craftsmen).
You shall only offer for sale an Instrument which you own outright or are otherwise
entitled to dispose of free of all charges, encumbrances and adverse rights.
You shall supply any Instrument, which you have agreed to supply to any other user of
the Services, in accordance with the terms on which you have agreed to supply such
Instrument and, in any event, within a reasonable period after agreeing to supply such
Instrument.
You shall not, and shall not permit anyone else, directly or indirectly, to:
modify or reproduce any part of the Services or our Content;
reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile or otherwise attempt to discover the
source code or structure, sequence and organization of all or any part of the
Services, unless permitted by law; or
engage in any activity whatsoever that interferes with, or disrupts, the
functionality of the Services.
You acknowledge and agree that:
we take no responsibility for the Instruments offered by users of the
Services; and
it is your responsibility to satisfy yourself, before buying any Instrument,
that:
such Instrument is in a satisfactory condition and is safe to use; and
the user of the Services who is selling to you such Instrument is permitted,
under applicable law and regulation, to supply such Instrument to you.
Your Content
You acknowledge and agree that:
your Content will be true, accurate, current and complete and not misleading
in any way; and
you will maintain and update your Content to keep it true, accurate, current
and complete and not misleading in any way.
You hereby grant to us a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable,
royalty-free, transferable right and licence, without compensation to you or any other
provider of your Content, to use, reproduce, adapt, modify, distribute, translate,
publish, create derivative works based on, perform, display and otherwise exploit your
Content, in whole or in part, in any media, for any purposes relating to our business
or any other purposes.
You represent and warrant that you have all rights, power and authority necessary to
grant the licence under paragraph 5.2, and that all your Content:
does not infringe the rights of any third party; and
complies with all applicable laws and regulations.
You acknowledge and agree that you are liable for all of your Content, in whatever
form. You agree not to use the Services to upload, post, email or otherwise make
available any of your Content that:
is unlawful, harmful, threatening, harassing, defamatory, obscene, libellous,
invasive of another’s privacy, or infringes upon another person or entity’s
rights, such as another person or entity’s intellectual property rights;
involves impersonating any person or entity, or falsely stating or
misrepresenting your affiliation with a person or entity;
you do not have a right to make available; or
contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs
designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer
software or hardware or telecommunications equipment.
You acknowledge that we are not responsible for and do not check or verify your
Content or any other Content provided or made available by any other users of the
Services (although we reserve the right to monitor, alter, edit, or remove any of your
Content, in whole or in part, at any time). You acknowledge and agree that we may
store your Content and may also disclose your Content for any reason if we deem this
to be necessary (under law or for any other reason).
You acknowledge and agree that we may, in our sole discretion, remove and discard any
or all of your Content from the Services at any time for any reason, including if you
and/or any of your Content is, or we have reasonable grounds to suspect is, in breach
of these Terms.
Account, password and security
As part of using the Services, you may create an account, with a username and password. You are
responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and access to your account,
and are responsible for all activities that occur under your account, including use of your
account by third parties. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorised use of your
account or of any other breach of security. We cannot and will not be liable for any loss,
damage or other liability arising from your failure to comply with this paragraph 6 or from
any unauthorized access to or use of your account.
Payment
If we choose to charge for any aspect of the Services, in accordance with paragraph
2.3, our fees will be set out on the Website. While we will try hard to ensure that
all fees displayed on the Website are correct and up to date at the time you place an
order, it is possible that an occasional mistake may be made. We may refuse any order
if the applicable fees are obviously incorrect or where some other clear error has
been made. All fees are inclusive of all sales and other taxes unless otherwise
stated.
You must: make the appropriate payment by credit or debit card or other payment
mechanism approved by us and made available through the Website; and provide us and/or
our payment service providers with the necessary information for your payment to be
processed. You confirm that the payment card or account used by you is yours or that
you are authorised to use such card or account and there are sufficient funds or
credit facilities to cover the payment.
You will be given the opportunity to correct any input errors in your payment details
prior to completing your order.
You may not be able to access the Services for which we have chosen to charge until we
have completed any validation checks described in paragraph 7.5 and we have received
payment in full.
All credit/debit/charge card and other payment service transactions may be subject to
validation checks and authorisation by the relevant card and service providers. If
your card issuer/payment service provider refuses to authorise payment to us, we will
not be liable for any delay or non-acceptance of orders made by you through the
Website.
We reserve the right to require proof of identification and age before processing any
order made through the Website.
Suspension and termination
You acknowledge and agree that we may, in our sole discretion, on written notice to
you, suspend or terminate your account and/or your access:
to the Services (other than any aspect of the Services for which we have
chosen to charge, in accordance with paragraph 2.3) at any time for any reason
and without notice to you;
to the Services for which we have chosen to charge, in accordance with
paragraph 2.3, if you have, or we reasonably believe that you have:
failed to maintain accurate or current information; and/or
otherwise breached these Terms and failed to remedy such breach within
7 days of us notifying you in writing of such breach.
You agree that we shall not be liable to you or to any third-party for any suspension
and/or termination of your right to use or otherwise access the Services.
You may stop using the Services at any time.
Compensating us for your breach of these Terms
You shall compensate us in full in respect of any losses, liabilities, damages, expenses or
costs (including legal fees and expenses), arising from or in connection with any third
party claim, suit or proceeding brought against us which arises out of, results from or is
related to any breach by you of these Terms.
Warranties
We will supply the Services using reasonable skill and care but we make no other
representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, with respect to the
Services including:
that access to the Website will be uninterrupted or error-free;
that the Website or the computer server from which the Website is made available, are
free of viruses or other harmful components; and
to the accuracy, content, timeliness, completeness, reliability, quality or
suitability of any Content contained in or delivered via the Services or otherwise
made available in connection with the Services.
Linking to and from third party website(s)
From time to time, the Website may include links to third party websites. These links
are provided for your convenience only and do not signify that we endorse such third
party websites.
We do not review such third party websites and you acknowledge and agree that:
we are not responsible for such websites, including the terms on which such
websites are made available and the privacy policies of such websites, and do
not control their content or availability;
we make no representation, warranty or condition, either express or implied,
in relation to any goods or services or information received from such
websites; and
if you access any such websites, you do so entirely at your own risk.
You may include links to the Website on another website providing you acknowledge and
agree to the following:
we are not liable to you for any loss you suffer as a result of such links;
we do not promise that the Website will be continuously available (and
therefore such links may not always work);
you will not insert such links on any website which contains any content which
is illegal, infringes any rights, such as the intellectual property rights, of
any third party or contains any adult content;
our consent to such links does not constitute any grant of any rights in the
Website to you or any third party; and
we reserve the right to object to any such links and require you to remove
them.
Limitation Of Liability
To the maximum extent permissible in law, we exclude all liability for any indirect,
additional or consequential loss or any kind however incurred by you, arising in
connection with these Terms.
Our liability to you under these Terms in relation to the Services (other than any
aspect of the Services for which we have chosen to charge, in accordance with
paragraph 2.3), is limited to £100.
If you order one of the Services for which we have chosen to charge, in accordance
with paragraph 2.3, our liability to you under these Terms, in respect of such
Services, is limited to the total amount paid by you to us for such Services in the
calendar month in which the liability arises.
Nothing in these Terms excludes or limits our liability for:
death or personal injury caused by our negligence;
fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or
breach of any obligation implied by statutory law which cannot lawfully be
excluded.
Privacy
All information provided by you or collected by us in connection with Services is governed
by our Privacy Policy, a copy of which is located at
https://www.amati.com/policy, which is hereby incorporated by reference into
these Terms.
Notices
Notices to you may be sent via either email or regular mail to the address you have
provided to us.
Any notice from you to us shall be sent in writing to us at the address set out in
paragraph 1.2 above.
General
These Terms (and the Auction Terms, where applicable) contain the entire agreement
between us and you relating to the Services and supersede any previous agreements,
arrangements, undertakings or proposals, whether written or oral, between us and you
relating to the Services. You confirm that you have not been induced to enter into a
contract on these Terms by any prior representations, whether written or oral, except
as specifically reproduced in these Terms and you hereby waive any claim for breach of
any such representations which are not specifically reproduced in these Terms.
We can assign, sub-contract and/or otherwise transfer any or all of our rights and/or
obligations under these Terms to any company, firm or person. We can only do this if
it does not affect your rights under these Terms. You may not assign, sub-contract
and/or otherwise transfer your rights or obligations under these Terms to anyone else
except with our written consent.
These Terms are personal to you and no third party is intended to benefit under these
Terms.
If you fail to comply with these Terms and we take no action against you, we will
still be entitled to enforce our rights against you in relation to that breach and to
use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these Terms.
All or any part of any term of these Terms that is found to be unfair or unenforceable
by a court of competent jurisdiction will be treated as deleted and the remainder of
the Terms will continue to govern each of our respective obligations.
English is the only language in which these Terms are offered.
These Terms are governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England and
Wales (or the laws of Scotland or Northern Ireland if you live there). If you choose
to bring proceedings in connection with these Terms you must do so in the courts of
England and Wales, unless you live in Scotland, in which case you can choose to bring
proceedings there, or in Northern Ireland, in which case you can choose to bring
proceedings there.
Privacy Policy
1. About this Privacy Policy
We are Amati Instruments Limited, a company incorporated in England and Wales with registered
office at 4 Prince Albert Road, London, NW1 7SN, United Kingdom and with registered number
08506963 (“we“, “us”).
We are committed to protecting your privacy and making it clear how we use your information.
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy“) describes for you, as a
user of the website www.amati.com (the “Website“) and services
available through the Website: the kinds of information that we may collect about you, when
and how we use that information; how we protect it; who we disclose it to and why; and your
rights to access and control our use of your information.
Our legal status under UK data protection law is that of a Data Controller. Data controller is
a legal term which identifies the person who controls what to do with any given personal
information. As Data Controller we have registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office
and our registration number is ZA052616.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 18th May 2018.
2. The types of information we collect and why
Whether you supply instruments for sale via the Website (a “Supplier“),
or if you are a purchaser using our platform to search for instruments and Suppliers (a
“Buyer“) we will collect both “personal information” and
“browsing information” about you.
For these purposes “personal information” means any information that enables us to
determine your actual identity (such as your name or contact details). We use the term,
“browsing information” to mean certain anonymous information that we collect about
your use of the Website. On its own, this browsing information does not enable us to determine
your actual identity.
There are differences in how we treat each type of information, as further explained in this
Privacy Policy.
2.1. Buyers
If you are a Buyer we collect personal information from you if and when you register to use our
service, such as your name, email address, and username and password and when you contact us
(for example, through one of our online forms). We collect this personal information for
account setup, to respond to your requests and administration purposes and also to provide you
with a safe, reliable and efficient service.
We may also collect your name and email address when you sign up for promotional emails so that
we or our Suppliers can send you information about offers and promotions we or they think may
interest you. However, we will contact you only in accordance with your expressed marketing
preferences. Please see section 3 below for information on how to contact us to change your
marketing preferences.
2.2. Suppliers
If you are a Supplier we may collect personal information from you when you subscribe to our
service, such as your contact details, details of the business you represent and the service
and instruments you provide and when you contact us (for example, through one of our online
forms). We need these details to administer your account with us, to respond to your requests
and to advertise your services (including to enable Buyers and other Suppliers to contact you)
through the Website. We may also collect your name and email address when you sign up for
promotional emails in order for us to send you information about our offers and promotions we
or selected partners think may interest you. However, we will contact you only in accordance
with your expressed marketing preferences. Please see section 3 below for information on how
to contact us to change your marketing preferences.
2.3. Browsing information
When you visit the Website, we collect limited browsing information about your visit. This may
include information about the pages of the Website that you access, how many clicks it takes
you to reach specific information, and the kinds of instruments and Suppliers you search for
and the search terms you enter.
It may also include information about your computer’s Internet Protocol
(“IP“) address, as well as details about cookies served to your
computer through the Website.
2.4. IP addresses
An IP address is the number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the
Internet. It is automatically transmitted to us by your computer whenever you access the
Website. We use this information to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer
the Website; however, this number does not enable us to determine your actual identity.
2.5. Cookies
Cookies are small text files that websites often store on computer hard drives of visitors to
their websites. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently,
as well as to provide reporting information to the owners of the website.
A cookie contains a unique number, which is used to recognise your computer when a user of your
computer returns to a website that it visited previously. We use cookies to enhance the online
experience of our visitors and to better understand how the Website is used. Cookies may tell
us, for example, whether you have visited the Website before or whether you are a new
visitor.
There are two broad categories of cookies – ‘first party cookies’ and ‘third party cookies’.
First party cookies are cookies that are served directly by the website operator to your
computer, and are used only by the website operator to recognise your computer when it
revisits that website. Third party cookies are served by a service provider on behalf of the
website operator, and can be used by the service provider to recognise your computer when it
visits other websites. Third party cookies are most commonly used for website analytics or
advertising purposes.
This Website serves the following cookies to your computer:
Cookie Type
Name
Purpose
More Information
Essential website cookie served by amati.com (first party cookie)
PHPSESSION, WEBID_ONLINE
This cookie is strictly necessary to provide the website and is used to allow you to
move around the website. This cookie is deleted when you close your browser.
Please see below for information about how you configure your browser to notify you
when you receive a new cookie, and how to disable cookies altogether.
Google Analytics (third party cookie)
Utma; _utmb; _utmc; _utmz; _ga; _gid; _gt
These cookies are set by Google, Inc. and are used to collect information about how
visitors use the Website. We use this information to compile reports and to help us
improve the Website.
The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors
to the Website, where visitors have come to the Website from and the pages they
visited.
To see an overview of privacy at Google and how this applies to Google Analytics visit
http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Facebook Pixel
fr
The Facebook pixel is an analytics tool that allows us to measure the effectiveness of
your advertising by understanding the actions people take on your website.
To see an overview of privacy and Terms and Conditions at Facebook visit https://www.facebook.com/policies
You have the right to choose whether or not to accept cookies. You can exercise this right by
amending or setting the controls on your browser to reflect your cookie preferences. However,
please note that if you choose to refuse cookies you may not be able to use the full
functionality of this Website.
The “help” portion of the toolbar on most Internet browsers will tell you how to
change your browser cookie settings, including how to have the browser notify you when you
receive a new cookie, and how to disable cookies altogether. For further information about
cookies and how to control their use, please visit the following third party educational
resources:
www.youronlinechoice.eu, Cookies |
ICO and www.allaboutcookies.org.
3. How to access and control your information
You have the following rights in relation to your personal information:
a right of access to a copy of the information comprised in your personal data;
a right to access your personal information in machine-readable format and to request
that we transfer this to a third party data controller;
a right to object to processing that is likely to cause or is causing damage or
distress;
a right in certain circumstances to have inaccurate personal data rectified, blocked,
erased or destroyed;
a right to object to decisions being taken by automated means;
a right to claim compensation for damages caused by a breach of data protection
legislation; and
a right to lodge a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office in respect
of our use of your personal information.
In addition, you have the right to instruct us not to contact you for direct marketing
purposes, even if you have previously consented to receive this.
You can exercise these rights by emailing info@amati.com.
If you contact us in relation to your rights we will do our best to accommodate your request or
objection. Please note, however, that not all rights are absolute. Sometimes other legal
obligations or third party rights will take precedence.
4. Sharing your information
4.1. Other users of the Website
If you are a Supplier we may disclose information about you such as your name, business
profile, address, email and phone number so that Buyers or other Suppliers may contact you.
Where you are a Buyer and are making an enquiry with a Supplier we may disclose information
about you such as your name and email address so that they may respond directly to you.
4.2. For your protection and ours
We may disclose information about you (a) if we are required to do so by law or legal process;
(b) to law enforcement authorities or other government officials; (c) to contractors we use to
support our business (such as the Website hosting providers), in which case we will require
such third parties to agree to treat it in accordance with our instructions and this Privacy
Policy and use it for the same purposes as we do; or (d) when we believe disclosure is
necessary to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights.
4.2. Business transfer
We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event we sell or
transfer all or a portion of our business or assets. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we
will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use personal information you have
provided to us in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
5. International transfers
Personal information we collect from you during the course of providing our service may be
transferred to our service providers that are located outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”)
in Google LLC, MailChimp, Apple Inc., Rackspace Inc., XERO, Slack Technologies. While
territories outside the EEA may not have the same standards of data protection as those within
the EEA, we will take such measures as are necessary to ensure that any personal information
we transfer outside of the EEA is adequately protected and processed only in accordance with
this Privacy Policy, including via standard contractual clauses and the EU-US Privacy
Shield.4.2. For your protection and ours
We may disclose information about you (a) if we are required to do so by law or legal process;
(b) to law enforcement authorities or other government officials; (c) to contractors we use to
support our business (such as the Website hosting providers), in which case we will require
such third parties to agree to treat it in accordance with our instructions and this Privacy
Policy and use it for the same purposes as we do; or (d) when we believe disclosure is
necessary to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights.
6. How we protect your personal information
We want you to feel confident about using the Website to display and search for instruments for
sale and to make enquiries with Suppliers, and we are committed to protecting the personal
information we collect. We have implemented appropriate technical and organisational security
measures to protect the personal information that you provide to us against unauthorised or
unlawful processing and against accidental loss, damage or destruction.
7. Grounds for processing
Our processing of your personal information will be where: (i) it is necessary for the
performance of a contract we have with you; (ii) where you have provided your consent (for
example for us to use cookies and to send you third party marketing); (iii) it is necessary
for us to comply with legal obligations that we are under; or (iv) it is in our (or a third
party’s) legitimate interests and such interests do not prejudice your rights or
freedoms.
Our (or a third party’s) legitimate interests will include:
ensuring the Website is as user-friendly as possible so our customers are encouraged to
use it;
promoting our and our Supplier’s businesses to those who are likely to be
interested in purchasing and/or using our products and services;
understanding how the Website is used to help us plan development and improvements to
its functionality;
understanding and predicting supply and demand for instruments displayed on the Website
and the services we provide over it;
facilitating connections between Buyers and Suppliers; and
to enable us to benefit from the services and expertise of third party services
providers.
8. Retention
We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes
outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by
law. Accordingly, your personal information shall be maintained for up to seven years
following the end of the services we provide to you / your last contact with us. This
retention period may be extended if any applicable statutory or regulatory obligation requires
us to hold information for a longer period.
9. Links to external websites
The Website may contain links or references to other websites to which this Privacy Policy does
not apply. We strongly encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit as,
once you leave the Website to visit another website, the way in which your personal
information is handled will be subject to a different privacy policy.
10. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this policy in the future and we will take reasonable steps to make you aware of
any changes to it. We also recommend that you revisit this page regularly to keep informed of
our current privacy practices.
11. How to contact us
If you have questions about our Privacy Policy or the privacy and security of your information,
you can contact us using the following details:
Email:
info@amati.com
Mail:
Amati Instruments Limited
The Granary
Llancayo Court
Usk
Monmouthshire
NP15 1HY
Telephone:
+44 (0)20 7099 7114
Auction Terms & Conditions
These terms were last updated on 18th May 2018.
About these Terms
These terms and conditions (“Terms”) govern:
your use of the online auction services on our website www.amati.com;
the relationship between Registered Bidders, Buyers and Sellers; and
the relationship between you and Amati Instruments Limited, a company
incorporated in England and Wales with registered office at 4 Prince
Albert Road, London, NW1 7SN, United Kingdom and with registered number
08506963 (“we”, “us”).
By:
using the Auction Services;
registering for an Auction Account;
placing a bid in an Online Auction; and/or
checking the “I have read and agree to the Auction Terms and Conditions
and Privacy Policy” box on our Website,
you are agreeing to these Terms and to the processing of any of your personal
data in accordance with our Privacy Policy (available at
https://www.amati.com/policy).
You may not use the Auction Services if you are under the age of 18 years old. By
agreeing to these Terms, you represent that you are at least 18 years old.
If you do not agree to these Terms you may not use the Auction Services, register
for an Auction Account or make any bid.
We may, at our sole discretion, modify or replace these Terms at any time. It is
your responsibility to check these Terms periodically for changes and, if you are
a Registered Bidder, before commencing bidding on any Lot. Your continued use of
the Auction Services following the posting of any changes to these Terms and/or,
when you log into your Auction Account, or by checking the “I have read and agree
to the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy” box on the Website, constitutes
your acceptance of such changes. If you do not agree to such changes, you should
stop using the Auction Services.
Definitions and Interpretation
All capitalised words and expressions in these Terms have the corresponding meanings
given to them in Part 1 of the paragraph entitled “Definitions and
Interpretation”, unless the context requires otherwise. These Terms shall be
interpreted in accordance with Part 2 of the paragraph entitled “Definitions and
Interpretation”.
SECTION A: Terms of Business for Registered Bidders and Buyers
In this section, “you” and “your” means you as a prospective or actual Registered Bidder
and/or a Buyer.
Bidder Registrations
In order to bid on any Lot in an Online Auction, you must be a Registered Bidder
at the time that you bid. You may apply to become a Registered Bidder at any time
by completing and submitting the online application form available at
https://www.amati.com/register and paying the Credit Check Fee. You
represent, warrant and undertake to us that all information contained in your
application is complete, truthful and accurate. It is your responsibility to
update and maintain any changes to such information through your Auction Account.
You acknowledge and agree that:
subject to applicable law, we have an absolute discretion whether to
accept you as a Registered Bidder; and
we may carry out credit checks and identity verification checks on you in
accordance with our Privacy Policy.
If your application to become a Registered Bidder is successful, we will notify
you by email at the address provided by you in your application.
We reserve the right to ask you at any time, whether before or after you are
accepted as a Registered Bidder, to provide us with a bank guarantee, payment in
advance or a financial reference in order for you to be permitted to bid on any
Lot in an Online Auction.
We reserve the right to cancel your Registered Bidder status and close your
Auction Account by giving you notice to that effect at any time (whether before,
during or after any Online Auction) if you fail to make payment for any Lot in
accordance with Clause 10.
Account and password security
If you become a Registered Bidder, we will provide you with access to our Online
Auctions through a designated Auction Account using a username and password system.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and access to
your Auction Account, and are responsible for all activities that occur under your
Auction Account. In particular, you agree that we shall be entitled to treat all
activities conducted through your Auction Account as having been made by you. You
should therefore not provide or allow access of any kind to your Auction Account to
any other person since it is possible that, if you do, they may use your Auction
Account to make bids, and therefore commit you to purchasing items you had not
intended to purchase. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorised use of
your Auction Account or of any other breach of security. We cannot and will not be
liable for any loss, damage or other liability arising from your failure to comply
with this Clause or from any unauthorised access to or use of your Auction Account,
including any use that results in you being bound as Buyer to pay for any Lot.
Agent for the Seller and liability for Seller breaches
We act as agent for the Seller and not as a principal. Accordingly you acknowledge
and accept that we shall not be liable for any breach of these Terms by the
Seller.
Any sale of goods through an Online Auction will result in a contract made between
the Seller and the Buyer (“Contract of Sale”). We are not and shall not be a party
to any Contract of Sale.
Lots: pre-auction inspections and enquiries
We may, at our discretion make available (on the Website or otherwise) a condition
report in respect of a Lot (“Condition Report”).
Subject to Clauses 6.3 and 6.4, we will use reasonable care when preparing a
Condition Report.
You acknowledge that:
we make available Condition Reports as a courtesy to Registered Bidders,
prospective Registered Bidders and Buyers;
Condition Reports are provided for general information purposes only;
Condition Reports are not intended to amount to advice on which you should
rely; and
the Condition Report is not intended to be a comprehensive description of
the condition of the Lot, and where the Condition Report refers to defects
or other imperfections in the Lot, you acknowledge that there may be other
defects and/or imperfections in the Lot that are not expressly mentioned
in the Condition Report.
If you are a Registered Bidder, you acknowledge that:
we do not carry out extensive due diligence on Lots and it is entirely at
our discretion whether to seek expert advice on any Lot;
where we make any statement describing the Lot, whether in a Condition
Report, on the Website, orally or otherwise, we are merely expressing an
opinion and we do not (and nor does the Seller) give any warranty, promise
or guarantee or make any representation of fact whatsoever as to the
origin, quality, state of repair, condition, age, maker, attribution,
authenticity, history and/or value of a Lot, and accordingly, it is your
responsibility to satisfy yourself as to these matters before bidding for
any Lot that you are interested in;
you rely only on your inspection, independent enquiries and independent
due diligence in deciding whether to Bid or to buy any Lot and you will
not rely on the Condition Report or on any statement or representation
concerning, or description of the Lot published or made by us on the
Website or otherwise; and
all Lots are sold “as is” and accordingly we are not responsible for any
fault or defect in any Lot. Nothing in this Clause 6.4 is intended to
exclude our liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.
Lots are available for inspection by prior appointment. Please contact us at
info@amati.com or +44 (0)20 7099 7114 to arrange an appointment.
Images published on the Website are not intended to provide a full or complete
description of any Lot. Images are for guidance only and should not be relied upon
to determine any aspect of any Lot.
Where we give an estimate (whether in writing, on the Website or by any other
means) as to the price that a Lot will achieve in an Online Auction, you
acknowledge that such estimate is given only as an opinion and is not a
representation or warranty as to the actual price that the Lot will achieve.
Conduct of Online Auctions
All Online Auctions shall be conducted on a timed basis. The start and end time of
each Online Auction will be shown on the Website. We may at our discretion close
early or extend any Online Auction, for example, as a result of technical issues.
No bid will be accepted before an Online Auction has begun or after an Online
Auction has closed.
If a bid is placed within the final 5 minutes of an Online Auction, the duration
of such Online Auction shall be automatically extended for a further 2 minutes.
This process shall be repeated until such time that a bid is not made within the
last 5 minutes of the Online Auction.
Registered Bidders may only place bids via the Website. Subject to Clause 8, we
will not accept any bids by telephone or in writing.
We reserve the right to withdraw a Lot at any time if:
we doubt the authenticity of the Lot;
we doubt the Seller’s title to or ownership of the Lot or the Seller’s
lawful right to sell the Lot;
we reasonably believe that any information provided to us by the Seller in
relation to the Lot is untrue or incorrect;
we believe that the Seller is in breach of any of the warranties in Clause
16.1; or
we believe that it would be unsuitable to put up the Lot for auction.
We reserve the right, in our absolute discretion, to divide and/or combine any
Lots.
The winning bid in any Online Auction will be the highest bid that:
exceeds the Reserve Price, if any (and subject to Clause 19.7);
complies with these Terms; and
meets any other additional conditions published in the description of the
item (if any) on the Website at the time that the auction ends (“Winning
Bid”).
We may, in our absolute discretion, select and modify the increments that bids
will follow in any Online Auction.
We reserve the right to cancel or avoid an Online Auction or the result thereof
(including by way of revoking a Winning Bid) if and to the extent a system failure
results in the Online Auction not functioning as it should or publishing an
incorrect outcome. In the event of such a system failure, we will notify you as
soon as reasonably practicable of such error and the action we have decided to
take to rectify the failure. This may involve us relisting a Lot for a future
Online Auction.
Absentee Bids
If you are a Registered Bidder, you may ask us to bid on your behalf in an Online
Auction by submitting an Absentee Bid Request in person or emailing your Absentee
Bid Request to info@amati.com. You must submit your Absentee Bid Request no later
than 24 hours before the commencement of the relevant Online Auction. Our services
for absentee bidders are provided free of charge as a courtesy and may be
withdrawn at any time. We make no promise and give no warranty or guarantee that
we will meet a particular request to make an absentee bid, even if the Absentee
Bid Request is received within the time limit stipulated in this Clause.
Accordingly we accept no liability for any failure to make an absentee bid. If we
make an absentee bid, we will use reasonable efforts to follow the instructions
contained in the corresponding Absentee Bid Request.
If we receive more than one Absentee Bid Request in respect of a particular Lot,
and the bids are for identical amounts and at the close of the Online Auction, the
absentee bids are the highest bids for the Lot, the Winning Bid shall be the
absentee bid that we received first.
Unsold Lots
If at the end of the Online Auction, a Lot is unsold (other than because we have
withdrawn it), the Lot may be automatically added to an after sale list which is
published after the Online Auction ends (“After Sale List”).
You may contact us and offer to purchase a Lot from the After Sale List. If your
bid exceeds the Reserve, we may authorise the sale of your Lot without contacting
the Seller and the sale will be completed as if the Lot had been sold in the
Online Auction. If your offer is less than the Reserve, we will contact the Seller
to discuss whether they wish to proceed with the sale. If they do, the sale will
be completed as if the Lot had been sold in the Online Auction.
Winning Bids, Payment, Title and Risk
If your bid is the Winning Bid in relation to a Lot, you will be a “Buyer” for the
purpose of these Terms.
The Winning Bid constitutes an offer to purchase the Lot from the Seller at the
Hammer Price, which we (acting as the Seller’s agent) may accept in our
discretion. We will notify you by email and/or through your Auction Account at the
end of the Online Auction if you are the person who submitted the Winning Bid and
whether we (as the Seller’s agent) have accepted your offer to purchase the
Lot. In case we are unable to do this, or you are not able to access the Website
or if for any reason you are unsure, you are strongly advised to contact us at
info@amati.com or +44 (0)20 7099 7114 as soon as possible after the end of the
Online Auction in order to find out whether you have submitted the Winning Bid and
whether your offer to purchase the Lot has been accepted. Until you have received
confirmation from us that we have accepted your offer to purchase the Lot at the
Hammer Price from the Seller, neither we nor the Seller are obliged to sell the
Lot to you.
Once you have received confirmation that the Seller has accepted your offer to
purchase the Lot at the Hammer Price, you will:
provide us with the following information promptly at our request: your
name and permanent address and details of how the payment will be made;
and
pay us: (i) (as agent for the Seller) the Hammer Price for that Lot, and
if applicable, VAT; and (ii) the Buyer Premium together with VAT (if
applicable), and you must make your payment in full within 7 days after
the Date of Sale. You may make payment by credit or debit card (Visa or
MasterCard) or by wire transfer in GBP (we can only accept payments in
GBP).
From time to time, we may offer free or discounted shipping deals on the Website.
Whether or not we offer such deals, the countries to which they relate, and for
how long we extend such offers is entirely at our discretion, and we may withdraw
or change those deals by updating the relevant section of the Website as we see
fit.
Subject only to Clause 10.4 above, it is your responsibility to arrange and bear
the cost of:
collection of the Lot from us, including all packing, carriage and
delivery charges; and
all necessary export licences, import licences and/or other permissions
(if any) that you may require for your use, transport and/or shipping of
the Lot. Failure to obtain any necessary licences or permissions shall not
excuse your obligation to make payment under these Terms.
Import VAT for instruments imported from outside, and remaining within, the EU are
5% if over 100 years old or 20% if under 100 years old.
Title to the Lot shall pass to you on payment in full of all amounts referred to
in Clause 10.3 in cleared funds. Risk shall pass to you on collection of the Lot
from us or, if sooner, 7 days after the end of the Online Auction for the relevant
Lot.
You accept that we are not under any obligation to deliver up the Lot to you until
payment in full of all amounts referred to in Clauses 10.3 and 10.7.
Our premises are not designed or intended to be used as long-term storage
solutions. If you fail to collect your purchased item(s) within 7 days after the
end of the Online Auction for the relevant Lot, whether or not payment has been
made under Clause 10.3, you shall pay us a fee of £2 per day for every day that
the Lot remains uncollected beyond such 7-day period to cover our costs for
storing the Lot.
Right to cancel
If you are an individual acting for purposes which are wholly or mainly outside
your trade, business, craft or profession and you buy a Lot from a Seller who is
acting for purposes relating to the Seller’s trade, business, craft or
profession, you may cancel your purchase of the Lot any time within 14 days
beginning on the day after you come into physical possession of the Lot by: (i)
using the model cancellation form which can be found at the end of these Terms
(but this is not obligatory); (ii) writing to us at The Granary, Llancayo Court,
Usk, Monnmouthshire, NP15 1HY; or (iii) emailing us at info@amati.com.
If you exercise your right to cancel your purchase, please return the Lot to us
promptly (and in any event within 14 days of you notifying us of cancellation) in
the same condition you received it (at your own cost and risk). We will provide
you with a refund on behalf of the Seller within 14 days of our receipt of the
returned Lot (or evidence that you have returned it). If any Lot is damaged, or we
reasonably believe you have tampered with it, we may deduct an amount from any
refund due to you up to the total price you paid for the Lot.
Failing to pay
If, as Buyer, you fail to make payment within 7 days after the Date of Sale, we
shall be entitled (in addition to any rights and remedies that we and/or the
Seller may have under these Terms, at law or otherwise) to:
charge interest from the due date until the date of actual payment
(whether before or after judgment) at the rate of 4% above the base rate
of C. Hoare & Co from time to time, such interest to accrue on a
monthly basis and to be compounded quarterly;
set-off the overdue amount against any liability or amount that we owe to
you at the relevant time;
exercise a lien on any of your property which may be in our possession,
and if the overdue amount remains unpaid 14 days after the date of our
notice to you informing you that payment is overdue, we shall be entitled
to sell such property and apply the proceeds towards discharge (or partial
discharge) of the overdue amount;
cancel the sale of the Lot to you;
cancel the sale of any other Lots to you for which you have yet to make
payment (whether or not payment is overdue); or
at our discretion, arrange to sell the Lot to a third party whether
through another Online Auction or otherwise, and, if the price achieved on
that sale is lower than the Hammer Price from your Winning Bid, we shall
have the right to claim the difference from you, together with all costs
incurred by us and the Seller as a result of your failure to make payment.
If you owe us amounts in respect of different Winning Bids, we may, at our
discretion, apply any amount that we receive from you to discharge any amount owed
in respect of any particular Winning Bid.
SECTION B: Terms Applicable to Sellers
In this section, “you” and “your” means the Seller.
Appointment; Commission on Sale; Additional Costs
You appoint us as agent to sell the Lot on your behalf through our Online
Auction.
Our representative conducting the auction is the auctioneer (“Auctioneer”).
The Auctioneer shall be solely responsible for the regulation and control of the
Online Auction, and shall run Online Auctions in accordance with these Terms.
In consideration of us providing the Auction Services, you will pay us the
Seller’s Commission together with VAT, payment to be made in accordance with
Clause 13.7.
You will deliver the Lot to us on the delivery date that we agree with you, and
you will bear all packing, shipping, transit and insurance costs, customs duties
and agreed restoration costs, all agreed examination fees and expert fees and
expenses, and all costs of storing the Lot up to the date falling 7 days after the
end of the Online Auction, together with VAT (“Additional Expenses”).
We will not include any Lot in an Online Auction until we have received delivery
of the Lot from you.
Unless Clause 21 applies, we will account to you for the Hammer Price from the
sale of your Lot through our Online Auction, having first deducted and retained:
the Seller’s Commission;
all Additional Expenses that we have incurred in connection with your
Lot;
any other amounts owed by you to us that are due and payable; and
all applicable VAT on the above, (the “Net Hammer Price”).
We will pay the Net Hammer Price to you 35 days after the Date of Sale, or if
later, 7 days after we receive payment from the Buyer for the relevant
Lot.
Cost calculator
We may, at our discretion, make available on the Website functionality (a “Cost
Calculator”) to assist you in estimating the Seller’s Commission, VAT, and/or
import or export duties that may payable in respect of the sale of a Lot through an
Online Auction (“Costs of Sale”) You acknowledge and agree that the Cost Calculator is
intended to provide an indicative calculation only of the Costs of Sale, and that the
actual Costs of Sale may vary from the result generated by the Cost Calculator.
Accordingly, we will not be liable (whether in contract, tort (including negligence)
or otherwise for any discrepancy between the output of the Cost Calculator and the
actual Costs of Sale that you incur.
The Reserve
We will agree with you the Reserve, which may be higher than the starting bid but,
subject to Clause 19.7, shall not exceed the low estimate for that Lot published
on the Website.
We may agree the Reserve with you in a currency other than pounds sterling
(“Non-Sterling Reserve”), in which case the Reserve shall be the pound sterling
equivalent of the Non-Sterling Reserve determined on the business day immediately
preceding the date on which the Online Auction ended using the closing exchange
rate of C. Hoare & Co.
We will not publicise the Reserve on the Website or otherwise.
We may, at our discretion, sell the Lot for a sum less than the Reserve provided
that we shall account to you for the difference between the actual sale price and
the Reserve.
We may bid on your Lot up to an amount equal to the Reserve. You may not bid on
your Lot under any circumstances, nor may you permit any person to bid on your Lot
on your behalf.
Seller’s obligations and undertakings
You warrant to us and to the Buyer that:
you are the sole owner of the Lot submitted by you for sale through our
Online Auction and that you have full right, title and authority to sell
the Lot;
you have no reason to believe that the Lot is a Forgery;
all Lots sold by you through our Online Auction are sold to the relevant
Buyer with full title guarantee and free from all encumbrances;
you have provided to us all of the relevant information and documents in
your possession or control concerning the Lot, including information about
its authenticity, history, condition, prior ownership and all such
information is complete and accurate to the best of your knowledge;
you have given us notice in writing of any information (written, oral or
otherwise) expressing any concern as to the ownership or authenticity of
the Lot;
there is no restriction on our right to make Images of the Lot or to use
those Images as we see fit, whether in connection with promoting the Lot,
the relevant auction or the Amati business generally;
if the Lot has been removed from a country outside the European Union all
duties and taxes on the export and import of the Lot have been paid, all
export and import declarations have been properly made;
you will pay any and all taxes and/or duties that may be due in connection
with the sale of the Lot;
you have given us notice in writing of any material alterations to the Lot
of which you are aware; and
you may not withdraw the Lot from an Online Auction without our consent.
If you withdraw a Lot from an Online Auction without our consent, you will pay to
us an amount equal to 15% of the Lot’s estimate (pursuant to Clause 6.7)
within 14 days of such withdrawal. We shall be entitled to set-off such amount
against any liability or amount that we owe to you at such time, in order to
compensate us for time and materials spent preparing the Lot for and listing the
Lot in the Online Auction.
If you are acting for purposes relating to your trade, business, craft or
profession, you must comply with the Buyer’s right to cancel pursuant to
Clause 11. If the Buyer of your Lot chooses to exercise their right to cancel, you
agree that we shall be entitled to account directly to the Buyer for any
applicable refund and we shall account to you (in accordance with Clause 13.7) for
any sums retained on account of the Lot being damaged or tampered with by the
Buyer.
You will indemnify us and the Buyer in full on demand against all claims, costs or
expenses incurred by us or the Buyer as a result of any breach by you of any of
the warranties or obligations contained in this Clause 16.
Images
We may take photographs, video and/or produce images of a Lot (“Images”) (and/or
authorise others to do so on our behalf). We will own all intellectual property rights
in Images and may use Images for any purpose whatsoever.
Risk; Loss Damage Warranty
All Lots held by us are covered by insurance against risk of fire, burglary, water
damage and accidental damage except to glass or damage caused by woodworm or
change in atmospheric conditions. For this facility we will charge you 1.5% plus
VAT of the Hammer Price for the applicable Lot or the value the Lot might have
achieved as assessed by the Auctioneer. The value of the Lot shall be the net
proceeds of the sale or the assessed value net of charges.
Subject to Clause 18.1, risk in the Lot remains with you at all times until risk
passes to the Buyer pursuant to Clause 10.6. You will indemnify us and our
employees and agents, and the Buyer (where applicable) (“Indemnified Parties”)
against all losses, damages, claims, costs and expenses suffered or incurred by an
Indemnified Party as a result of any claim in respect of the Lot or the proceeds
of sale of the Lot.
Unsold Lots
If at the end of the Online Auction, your Lot is unsold (other than because we
withdrew it pursuant to Clause 7.4), the Lot may be automatically added to the
After Sale List.
A Registered Bidder may contact us and offer to purchase a Lot from the After Sale
List. If the Registered Bidder’s bid exceeds the Reserve, we may authorise
the sale of your Lot without contacting you and the sale will be completed as if
the Lot had been sold in the Online Auction. If the Registered Bidder’s
offer is less than the Reserve, we will contact you to discuss whether you wish to
proceed with the sale. If you wish to proceed, we will request confirmation in
writing from you to that effect, and the sale will then be completed as if the Lot
had been sold in the Online Auction.
You may contact us at any time after the Online Auction has ended to remove your
Lot from the After Sale List. Removal of your Lot from the After Sale List will
not be confirmed until you have received written confirmation from us to that
effect. If your Lot is not removed but remains unsold after 30 days of the After
Sale List being published, we will automatically remove it and notify you.
Within 30 days after the date of your notice to us, or of our notice to you, in
accordance with Clause 19.3, you may elect either to re-enter the Lot into another
Online Auction in accordance with these Terms, or to collect the Lot from us.
If you elect to collect the Lot from us, you will bear all associated cost,
expenses and duties.
Our premises are not designed or intended to be used as long-term storage
solutions. If a Lot has not been collected within 30 days after the date of the
notice referred to in Clause 19.3, you shall pay us a fee of £2 per day for every
day that the Lot remains uncollected beyond such 30-day period to cover our costs
for storing the Lot. We will not be under any obligation to deliver up the Lot to
you until you have paid all outstanding amounts.
If the Lot has not been collected within 60 days after the date of the notice
referred to in Clause 19.3, you authorise us to dispose of the Lot as we see fit
and that we may sell it (as your agent) by Online Auction subject to these Terms,
save that we may apply such estimate and reserve as we think fit. Following such
sale, we shall account to you for the Net Hammer Price in accordance with these
Terms.
Withdrawn Lots
If we withdraw a Lot pursuant to Clause 7.4, we will notify you in writing and you
will arrange to collect the Lot from us, collection to be made no later than 30
days after the date of our notice.
If a withdrawn Lot remains uncollected more than 30 days after the date of our
notice under Clause 20.1, then you shall pay us a fee of £2 per day for every day
that the Lot remains uncollected beyond such 30-day period. We will not be under
any obligation to delivery up the Lot to you until you have paid all outstanding
amounts.
SECTION C: Terms applicable to Sellers and Buyers
Forgeries
Subject to the remainder of this Clause 21, a sale shall be cancelled and, subject
to the provisions of this Clause, the Buyer shall be entitled to a refund of both
the Hammer Price and the Buyer Premium if a Lot bought by the Buyer through our
Online Auction is shown to our satisfaction to be a Forgery.
Within 90 days after the Date of Sale of the relevant Lot, the Buyer shall notify
us in writing that the Buyer has reason to believe that the Lot is a Forgery.
As soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event within 14 days after the date
of the Buyer’s notice under Clause 21.2):
the Buyer shall return the Lot to us in the same condition as at the Date
of Sale; and
provide us with written evidence to support the Buyer’s assertion that the
Lot is a Forgery.
Any cancellation of the sale and refund under this Clause is conditional upon the
Buyer having good title to the Lot free from third party claims and having not
encumbered the Lot in any way on or after the Date of Sale.
We shall not be obliged to cancel the sale or refund any amounts if:
the description of the Lot on the Website was consistent with the
generally accepted opinion of experts at that time;
the description of the Lot on the Website gave a fair indication that
there was a conflict of opinions as to the authenticity of the Lot; or
the only means of demonstrating that the Lot is a Forgery are through
either a scientific process not generally accepted for use until after
publication of the description of the Lot on the Website or a through
process which at the date of the auction was unreasonably expensive or
impracticable or likely to have caused damage to the Lot.
We shall not under any circumstances be required to refund the Buyer any more than
the amount paid by the Buyer for the Lot concerned and the Buyer shall have no
claim for interest.
The Buyer may not assign the benefit of this refund guarantee.
We shall be entitled to rely on any scientific or other process to establish that
the Lot is not a Forgery.
If we are satisfied that the Lot is a Forgery, then we shall:
notify the Buyer and the Seller in writing;
within 14 days of our notice, refund to the Buyer the Buyer Premium paid
by the Buyer to us in respect of the Lot; and
follow the process under Clause 21.10 to obtain from the Seller a refund
of sums paid to the Seller in respect of the Lot.
In circumstances where the Buyer is entitled to a refund under this Clause 21,
and, where payment has already been made to the Seller in respect of that Lot:
the Seller shall refund to us (to hold for the Buyer), on demand, the
total amount paid to the Seller for the relevant Lot following sale
through the Online Auction; and
until the Seller makes the refund, we shall exercise a lien over any
property of the Seller under our control as security for the amount of the
refund due. If the Seller fails to pay the refund within 14 days after the
date of our written notice, we shall be entitled to sell such property and
apply the proceeds towards discharge of the amount owed.
The Buyer acknowledges that, in certain circumstances, it is possible that we may
not receive a full refund from the Seller. For example, the Seller may have become
bankrupt or insolvent, or it may be disproportionately difficult or costly to
pursue the Seller for payment. While we will use our reasonable endeavours to
obtain a full refund or, in the event that we exercise our rights under Clause
19.7 above to sell the property, we will use our reasonable endeavours to achieve
a reasonable price for it, the Buyer acknowledges and agrees that there may be a
shortfall between the amount refunded or realised, and the Hammer Price paid by
the Buyer. We will only be obliged to pay the Buyer the amount refunded or
realised, and will not in any event be obliged to pay the Buyer any shortfall. We
will pay to the Buyer the amount refunded or realised within 21 days of receipt of
the refund from the Seller, or 21 days of receiving the amount realised, as the
case may be.
The Seller shall bear all packing, shipping, transit, storage and insurance costs
incurred by us and/or the Buyer in connection with the return of the Lot to us
under Clause 21.3 and our storage of the Lot pending collection of the Lot by the
Seller.
Premises
Every person on our premises (whether to inspect a Lot pursuant to Clause 6.5, to
deliver or collect a Lot, or otherwise) shall be deemed to be there at their own risk
and, subject to Clause 24.2, shall have no claim against us in respect of accident or
loss, however caused.
Force Majeure
If a party to these Terms is prevented, hindered or delayed from the performance
of any of its obligations under these terms (“Affected Obligations”) by Force
Majeure, that party (the “Claiming Party”) shall as soon as reasonably possible
and in any event within 5 days after commencement of the Force Majeure serve
notice in writing on the other relevant party or parties specifying the nature and
extent of the Force Majeure.
The Claiming Party shall have no liability in respect of any delay in performance
or any non-performance of an Affected Obligations save for any payment obligation
which shall continue in full force and effect. The time for performance of an
Affected Obligation shall be extended to the extent that the delay or
non-performance is due to Force Majeure.
The Claiming Party shall take reasonable steps (without being obliged to incur any
expenditure or cost) to mitigate the effect of the Force Majeure on the
performance of the Affected Obligations.
Exclusions and Limitations of Liability
Save as expressly set out in these Terms, we and the Seller exclude to the fullest
extent permitted by law all warranties and conditions, whether express or implied
by statute, common law or otherwise.
Nothing in these Terms shall operate to exclude or limit the liability of a party
in respect of death or personal injury resulting from that party’s own negligence,
for fraud or for any liability that cannot be excluded or limited under applicable
law.
No party to these Terms shall be liable to any other in contract, tort (including
negligence) or otherwise for any indirect or consequential losses, or for any loss
of profits, loss of goodwill, loss of revenue, loss of business or loss of
anticipated savings.
Subject to Clauses 24.2 and 24.3, our liability to you or any Registered Bidder,
Buyer or Seller in contract, tort (including negligence, breach of statutory duty,
misrepresentation or otherwise) or for any other cause of action arising by reason
of or in connection with these Terms and/or that party’s use of the Auction
Services shall not exceed a total aggregate amount equal to:
if you are a Registered Bidder, Buyer or Seller and your claim relates to a
Lot sold through an Online Auction, £15,000 or the Hammer Price for the
relevant Lot, whichever is greater; or
in all other circumstances, £5,000.
We will not be responsible or liable for errors and omissions to execute bids
placed on-line, caused by:
a loss of internet connection;
a breakdown or interruption of the on-line bidding system; or
a breakdown or failure of any internet connection, computer or IT
system.
Governing law
These Terms are governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England and
Wales (or the laws of Scotland or Northern Ireland if you live there). If you choose to
bring proceedings in connection with these Terms you must do so in the courts of England
and Wales, unless you live in Scotland, in which case you can choose to bring proceedings
there, or in Northern Ireland, in which case you can choose to bring proceedings
there.
Language
English is the only language in which these Terms are offered.
Severability
All or any part of any term of these Terms that is found to be unfair or unenforceable by a
court of competent jurisdiction will be treated as deleted and the remainder of the Terms
will continue to govern each of our respective obligations.
Notices
Any notice from you to us must be sent in writing to us at the address set out in
Clause 1.1 above.
Third parties
These Terms are personal to you and no third party is intended to benefit under
these Terms.
These terms do not create or confer any rights or benefits under the Contracts
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 on any person who is not a party to these
terms.
Definitions and Interpretation
Part 1
In these Terms, the following words and expressions shall have the following meanings, unless
the context requires otherwise:
Affected Obligation
has the meaning given to that expression in Clause 23.1;
Absentee Bid Request
means a request by a Registered Bidder for us to make a bid or bids in an Online
Auction in accordance with the Registered Bidder’s instructions on their
behalf;
Additional Expenses
has the meaning given to that expression in Clause 13.5;
Affected Obligations
has the meaning given to that expression in Clause 23.1;
After Sale List
has the meaning given to that expression in Clause 9.1;
Auction Account
means a designated, password protected, online account through which Registered
Bidders may participate in Online Auctions;
Auctioneer
has the meaning given to that expression in Clause 13.2;
Auction Services
means the functions and facilities available on the Website connected with an
Online Auction including those for viewing any Lot or Lots and their corresponding
descriptions, submitting an application to become a Registered Bidder, submitting
an Absentee Bid Request, participating in an Online Auction, and/or appointing us
to act as agent for you as Seller;
Buyer
means the Registered Bidder who made the Winning Bid for a Lot in an Online
Auction;
Buyer Premium
means 20% of the Hammer Price (excluding VAT);
Claiming Party
has the meaning given to that expression in Clause 23.1;
Condition Report
has the meaning given to that expression in Clause 6.1;
Contract of Sale
has the meaning given to that expression in Clause 5.2;
Cost Calculator
has the meaning given to that expression in Clause 14;
Costs of Sale
has the meaning given to that expression in Clause 14;
Credit Check Fee
means the sum of £1 (excluding VAT);
Date of Sale
means the date on which the Online Auction closed;
Force Majeure
means the occurrence of any cause or event that is beyond the reasonable control of
the Claiming Party provided that the Claiming Party is without fault in causing or
failing to prevent such occurrence, including war, riot, civil commotion,
terrorist attack, fire, flood or storm, failure of the internet, strikes, lockouts
or other industrial disputes;
Forgery
means an item that is an imitation, originally conceived with the intention of
deceiving any person as to the authorship, origin, age, period, culture or source
of the item, where the correct description as to such matters is not reflected by
the description in the catalogue. No item shall be a Forgery solely because it has
undergone restoration or repairs of any kind;
Hammer Price
means, in relation to a Lot, the highest bid placed in the Online Auction at the
time that the Online Auction closed;
Images
has the meaning given to that expression in Clause 17;
Lot
means an item or items delivered to us by a Seller for sale through an Online
Auction;
Net Hammer Price
has the meaning given to that expression in Clause 13.7;
Non-Sterling Reserve
has the meaning given to that expression in Clause 15.2;
Online Auction
means the sale of a Lot by means of a timed auction in which Registered Bidders may
place bids through the Website;
Registered Bidder
means a person who has registered with us in accordance with Clause 3 and to whom
we have given an Auction Account;
Reserve
means (subject to Clause 15.3) the price agreed between us and the Seller to be the
lowest price at which the relevant Lot may be sold;
Seller
means the owner of a Lot;
Seller’s Commission
means that percentage of the Hammer Price as has been agreed between us and the
Seller (excluding VAT);
VAT
means value added tax or any similar sales tax;
Terms
has the meaning given to that expression in Clause 1.1;
we,
us
has the meaning given to that expression in Clause 1.1;
Website
means our Online Auction platform located at www.amati.com;
Winning Bid
has the meaning given to that expression in Clause 7.6; and
you, your
means the Registered Bidder, Buyer, or Seller, as applicable in each case.
Part 2
In these Terms, (except where the context otherwise requires):
the singular includes the plural and vice versa,
references to a person include any individual, firm, company, corporation, government,
state or agency of a state or any association, trust, joint venture, consortium or
partnership (whether or not having a separate legal personality);
references to “written” or “in writing” include faxes and email and other electronic
formats;
the words “including” and “in particular” and any similar words or expressions are by way
of illustration and emphasis only and do not operate to limit the generality or extent of
any other words or expressions;
references to “Clauses” refer to clauses of these Terms; and
the headings are for convenience only and do not affect the interpretation of these
Terms.
The following model cancellation form should only be used if you are entitled to a statutory
right to cancel as described in Clause 11.
MODEL CANCELLATION FORM
(Complete and return this form only if you wish to withdraw from the contract)
To: Amati Instruments Limited, The Granary, Llancayo Court, Usk, Monmouthshire, NP15 1HY,
email: sarah@amati.com
I/We [*] hereby give notice that I/We [*] cancel my/our [*] contract of sale of the following
goods [*]
Ordered on [*]/received on [*]:
Name of consumer(s):
Address of consumer(s):
Signature of consumer(s) (only if this form is notified on paper):
Date:
[*] Delete as appropriate
Auction Valuation Terms & Conditions
These terms were last updated on 23 January 2018.
About these Terms
These terms and conditions (“Terms”) govern the relationship between you and Amati
Instruments Limited, a company incorporated in England and Wales with registered
office at 4 Prince Albert Road, London, NW1 7SN, United Kingdom and with
registered number 08506963 (“we”, “us”) in respect of our provision and your use
of the online valuation service (“Valuation Service”) on our website www.amati.com
(“Website”). Your use of our Website in general shall be governed by our terms and
conditions of website use and, should you wish to participate in one of our
auctions, such participation shall be governed by our auction terms.
By:
using the Valuation Service; and/or
checking the “I have read and agree to the Valuation Terms and Conditions”
box on the Website,
you are agreeing to these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms you may
not use the Valuation Service.
You may not use the Valuation Service if you are under the age of 18 years old. By
agreeing to these Terms, you represent that you are at least 18 years old.
We may modify or replace these Terms at any time to reflect changes in the law, or
to meet regulatory requirements and will endeavour to notify you of these changes,
although please also check these Terms periodically for such changes. If we make
substantive changes to these Terms for any other reason, we will endeavour to
notify you of such changes. Your continued use of the Valuation Service following
the posting of any changes to these Terms and/or, when you log into your account,
or by checking the “I have read and agree to the Terms and Conditions” box on the
Website, constitutes your acceptance of such changes. If you do not agree to such
changes, you should not use the Valuation Service.
The Valuation Service
The Valuation Service enables users to provide us with details of their musical
instruments (“Instruments”) in order for us to provide a valuation of those
Instruments (“Valuation”).
You can apply for a Valuation by completing our online form and paying a one-off
fee (“Valuation Fee”). [Once you have submitted the online form, we will confirm
your request for a Valuation via email to the address provided.]
Once we have confirmed your application for a Valuation, we will undertake the
Valuation and deliver the Valuation to you [via email] [as soon as reasonably
practicable, and will endeavour to meet any timescale estimates provided to you in
our confirmation email].
We reserve the right at any time to modify, suspend or discontinue, temporarily or
permanently, the Valuation Service for any reason with or without notice, however
we will complete all Valuations which have been confirmed.
If we do not confirm a Valuation, or if we cancel a Valuation, and you have
already paid the Valuation Fee, we will give you a refund equal to the Valuation
Fee that you have paid. You agree that we shall not otherwise be liable to you or
to any third party for any loss caused by modification, suspension or
discontinuance of the Valuation Service.
The Valuation Service may be suspended or restricted occasionally to allow for
maintenance, repairs, upgrades, or the introduction of new functionality or
services. Further, due to the inherent nature of the internet, errors,
interruptions and delays may occur on our Website at any time.
You are responsible for making all arrangements (including technical arrangements)
necessary for you to access the Valuation Service.
Valuations
Subject to paragraphs 3.2 to 3.5 (inclusive), we will use reasonable skill and
care when preparing a Valuation.
You acknowledge that:
all Valuations are carried out solely on the basis of the information,
photographs and other materials you provide to us, and you warrant that all such
information you provide to us is true, accurate, up to date and not misleading in any
way;
we have no responsibility or liability for keeping or returning any
information, photographs or other materials that you send to us in order for us to
prepare Valuations;
we do not carry out any additional due diligence on Instruments when making
Valuations;
Valuations are intended for approximation purposes only and do not constitute
warranties or statements of authorship or value of any kind; and
any Valuations given are subject to re-evaluation after the Instrument is
examined in person by a specialist
Your Valuation has been prepared for you for auction estimate purposes. However,
you acknowledge that Valuations are subjective by nature and are given only as an
opinion. A Valuation is not a representation or warranty as to the actual price that
an Instrument may achieve at auction.
We will not be liable to you on the basis that you disagree with a Valuation that
we have provided.
If at any point you request a future Valuation, you must resubmit all of the
information requested.
Valuation Fee and Payment
Our Valuation Fee is currently £50 per Valuation. If the Valuation Fee changes, we
will set out details of such changes on the Website. We will confirm the
applicable Valuation Fee at the time when you apply for a Valuation.
[You can pay the Valuation Fee using your credit or debit card, or using any other
payment method accepted by use from time to time. Where you pay by credit of debit
card, you confirm that the card is yours and that there are sufficient funds or
credit available to cover the Valuation Fee.
Billing will take place once we have sent you a confirmation email pursuant to
paragraph 2.2, or slightly afterwards.]
The Valuation Fee and all other charges on our Website are inclusive of VAT unless
otherwise stated.
Right to cancel
If you are an individual acting for purposes which are wholly or mainly outside
your trade, business, craft or profession and you request a Valuation, you have a
right to cancel the contract between us pursuant to the Consumer Contracts
(Information, Cancellation and Additional Charges Regulations) 2013.
Your statutory right to cancel lasts for 14 days starting on the day after you
receive the confirmation email from us in accordance with paragraph 2.2. You can
exercise your right to cancel by: (i) using the model cancellation form at the end
of these Terms; (ii) writing to us at 4 Prince Albert Road, London, NW1 7SN; or
(iii) emailing us at info@amati.com.
In agreeing to these Terms you expressly request that we commence our service to
provide a Valuation to you within the statutory 14-day cancellation period.
Once we have completed the Valuation, you will have no right to cancel the
Valuation, and if we have commenced the Valuation pursuant to your request above
and you cancel within the statutory 14-day cancellation period, you will have to
pay for the costs of the services that we have provided up until the point at
which we receive notification that you wish to exercise your right to cancel.
Content
As between us and you, and subject to these Terms, you will own all material,
including information, data, text, graphics, images and other content
(collectively, “Content”) you provide to us and/or others while using the
Valuation Service (“your Content”).
You agree that all Content, other than your Content, contained in or delivered via
the Valuation Service or otherwise made available in connection with the Valuation
Service (collectively, “our Content”) is owned by us or our licensors and is
protected by copyright, trade mark and/or other intellectual property and other
proprietary rights and laws. You shall use our Content exclusively for purposes
that are permitted by these Terms and any applicable laws and regulations. Any
rights not expressly granted in these Terms are reserved.
You agree and acknowledge that the AMATI trade mark is our property and agree not
to challenge either our ownership or use of the AMATI name or our registration of
the AMATI trade mark (except on the basis of non-use).
You acknowledge and agree that your Content will be true, accurate, current and
complete and not misleading in any way.
You hereby grant to us a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable,
royalty-free, transferable right and licence to use your Content in order to
provide you with a Valuation.
You are solely liable for your Content, and represent and warrant that you have
all rights, power and authority necessary to grant the licence under paragraph
6.5, and that your Content:
does not infringe the rights of any third party;
complies with all applicable laws and regulations;
is not unlawful, harmful, threatening, harassing, defamatory, obscene,
libelous, invasive of another’s privacy;
does not involve impersonating any person or entity, or falsely stating or
misrepresenting your affiliation with a person or entity; and
does not contain software viruses or any other computer code, files or
programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any
computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment.
You acknowledge and agree that we may store your Content and may also
disclose your Content for any reason if we deem this to be necessary (under law or
for any other reason).
Exclusions and Limitations of Liability
Save as expressly set out in these Terms, we exclude to the fullest extent
permitted by law all warranties and conditions, whether express or implied by
statute, common law or otherwise.
Nothing in these Terms shall operate to exclude or limit the liability of a party
in respect of death or personal injury resulting from that party’s own negligence,
for fraud or for any liability that cannot be excluded or limited under applicable
law.
We shall not be liable to you in contract, tort (including negligence) or
otherwise for any indirect or consequential losses, or for any loss of profits,
loss of goodwill, loss of revenue, loss of business or loss of anticipated
savings.
Subject to paragraphs 7.2 and 7.3, our liability to you in contract, tort
(including negligence, breach of statutory duty, misrepresentation or otherwise)
or for any other cause of action arising by reason of or in connection with these
Terms shall not exceed a total aggregate amount equal to the Valuation Fee paid.
Notices
Notices to you may be sent via either email or regular mail to the address you
have provided to us.
Any notice from you to us shall be sent in writing to us at the address set out in
paragraph 1.1 above.
General
These Terms contain the entire agreement between us and you relating to the
Valuation Service and supersede any previous agreements, arrangements,
undertakings or proposals, whether written or oral, between us and you relating to
the Valuation Service. You confirm that you have not been induced to enter into a
contract on these Terms by any prior representations, whether written or oral,
except as specifically reproduced in these Terms and you hereby waive any claim
for breach of any such representations which are not specifically reproduced in
these Terms.
We can assign, sub-contract and/or otherwise transfer any or all of our rights
and/or obligations under these Terms to any company, firm or person. We can only
do this if it does not affect your rights under these Terms. You may not assign,
sub-contract and/or otherwise transfer your rights or obligations under these
Terms to anyone else except with our written consent.
These Terms are personal to you and no third party is intended to benefit under
these Terms.
If we are prevented, hindered or delayed from providing a Valuation owing to
circumstances beyond our reasonable control, we shall have no liability in respect
of any delay in provision or any non-provision of such Valuation, and any
timescale estimates for provision of a Valuation shall be extended
correspondingly.
If you fail to comply with these Terms and we take no action against you, we will
still be entitled to enforce our rights against you in relation to that breach and
to use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these
Terms.
All or any part of any term of these Terms that is found to be unfair or
unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction will be treated as deleted and
the remainder of the Terms will continue to govern each of our respective
obligations.
English is the only language in which these Terms are offered.
These Terms are governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England
and Wales (or the laws of Scotland or Northern Ireland if you live there). If you
choose to bring proceedings in connection with these Terms you must do so in the
courts of England and Wales, unless you live in Scotland, in which case you can
choose to bring proceedings there, or in Northern Ireland, in which case you can
choose to bring proceedings there.
The following model cancellation form should only be used if you are entitled to a
statutory right to cancel as described in paragraph 5.
MODEL CANCELLATION FORM
(Complete and return this form only if you wish to withdraw from the contract)
To: Amati Instruments Limited, 4 Prince Albert Road, London, NW1 7SN, email:
info@amati.com
I/We [*] hereby give notice that I/We [*] cancel my/our [*] contract of sale for the supply of
the following services [*]
Ordered on [*]/received on [*]:
Name of consumer(s):
Address of consumer(s):
Signature of consumer(s) (only if this form is notified on paper):
Date:
[*] Delete as appropriate
Insurance Valuation Terms & Conditions
These terms were last updated on 16th May 2018.
About these Terms
These terms and conditions (“Terms”) govern the relationship between you and Amati
Instruments Limited, a company incorporated in England and Wales with registered
office at 4 Prince Albert Road, London, NW1 7SN, United Kingdom and with
registered number 08506963 (“we”, “us”) in respect of our provision and your use
of the online valuation service (“Valuation Service”) on our website www.amati.com
(“Website”). Your use of our Website in general shall be governed by our terms and
conditions of website use and, should you wish to participate in one of our
auctions, such participation shall be governed by our auction terms.
By:
using the Valuation Service; and/or
checking the “I have read and agree to the Valuation Terms and Conditions”
box on the Website,
you are agreeing to these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms you may not
use the Valuation Service.
You may not use the Valuation Service if you are under the age of 18 years old. By
agreeing to these Terms, you represent that you are at least 18 years old.
We may modify or replace these Terms at any time to reflect changes in the law, or
to meet regulatory requirements and will endeavour to notify you of these changes,
although please also check these Terms periodically for such changes. If we make
substantive changes to these Terms for any other reason, we will endeavour to
notify you of such changes. Your continued use of the Valuation Service following
the posting of any changes to these Terms and/or, when you log into your account,
or by checking the “I have read and agree to the Terms and Conditions” box on the
Website, constitutes your acceptance of such changes. If you do not agree to such
changes, you should not use the Valuation Service.
The Valuation Service
The Valuation Service enables users to provide us with details of their musical
instruments (“Instruments”) in order for us to provide a valuation of those
Instruments (“Valuation”).
You can apply for a Valuation by completing our online form and paying a one-off
fee (“Valuation Fee”). Once you have submitted the online form, we will confirm
your request for a Valuation via email to the address provided.
Once we have confirmed your application for a Valuation, we will undertake the
Valuation and deliver the Valuation to you via email as soon as reasonably
practicable, and will endeavour to meet any timescale estimates provided to you in
our confirmation email.
We reserve the right at any time to modify, suspend or discontinue, temporarily or
permanently, the Valuation Service for any reason with or without notice, however
we will complete all Valuations which have been confirmed.
If we do not confirm a Valuation, or if we cancel a Valuation, and you have
already paid the Valuation Fee, we will give you a refund equal to the Valuation
Fee that you have paid. You agree that we shall not otherwise be liable to you or
to any third party for any loss caused by modification, suspension or
discontinuance of the Valuation Service.
The Valuation Service may be suspended or restricted occasionally to allow for
maintenance, repairs, upgrades, or the introduction of new functionality or
services. Further, due to the inherent nature of the internet, errors,
interruptions and delays may occur on our Website at any time.
You are responsible for making all arrangements (including technical arrangements)
necessary for you to access the Valuation Service.
Valuations
Subject to paragraphs 3.2 to 3.5 (inclusive), we will use reasonable skill and
care when preparing a Valuation.
You acknowledge that:
all Valuations are carried out solely on the basis of the information,
photographs and other materials you provide to us, and you warrant that
all such information you provide to us is true, accurate, up to date and
not misleading in any way;
we have no responsibility or liability for keeping or returning any
information, photographs or other materials that you send to us in order
for us to prepare Valuations;
we do not carry out any additional due diligence on Instruments when
making Valuations;
Valuations are intended for approximation purposes only and do not
constitute warranties or statements of authorship or value of any kind;
and
any Valuations given are subject to re-evaluation after the Instrument is
examined in person by a specialist.
Your Valuation has been prepared for you for insurance purposes. However, you
acknowledge that Valuations are subjective by nature and are given only as an
opinion. A Valuation is not a representation or warranty as to the actual price
that an Instrument may achieve at auction.
We will not be liable to you on the basis that you disagree with a Valuation that
we have provided.
If at any point you request a future Valuation, you must resubmit all of the
information requested.
Valuation Fee and Payment
Our Valuation Fee is currently £50 per Valuation. If the Valuation Fee changes, we
will set out details of such changes on the Website. We will confirm the
applicable Valuation Fee at the time when you apply for a Valuation.
You can pay the Valuation Fee using your credit or debit card, or using any other
payment method accepted by us from time to time. Where you pay by credit of debit
card, you confirm that the card is yours and that there are sufficient funds or
credit available to cover the Valuation Fee.
Billing will take place once we have sent you a confirmation email pursuant to
paragraph 2.2, or slightly afterwards.
The Valuation Fee and all other charges on our Website are inclusive of VAT unless
otherwise stated.
Right to cancel
If you are an individual acting for purposes which are wholly or mainly outside
your trade, business, craft or profession and you request a Valuation, you have a
right to cancel the contract between us pursuant to the Consumer Contracts
(Information, Cancellation and Additional Charges Regulations) 2013.
Your statutory right to cancel lasts for 14 days starting on the day after you
receive the confirmation email from us in accordance with paragraph 2.2. You can
exercise your right to cancel by: (i) using the model cancellation form at the end
of these Terms; (ii) writing to us at Amati Instruments Limited, The Granary,
Llancayo Court, Usk, Monmouthshire, NP15 1HY; or (iii) emailing us at
info@amati.com.
In agreeing to these Terms you expressly request that we commence our service to
provide a Valuation to you within the statutory 14-day cancellation period.
Once we have completed the Valuation, you will have no right to cancel the
Valuation, and if we have commenced the Valuation pursuant to your request above
and you cancel within the statutory 14-day cancellation period, you will have to
pay for the costs of the services that we have provided up until the point at
which we receive notification that you wish to exercise your right to cancel.
Content
As between us and you, and subject to these Terms, you will own all material,
including information, data, text, graphics, images and other content
(collectively, “Content”) you provide to us and/or others while using the
Valuation Service (“your Content”).
You agree that all Content, other than your Content, contained in or delivered via
the Valuation Service or otherwise made available in connection with the Valuation
Service (collectively, “our Content”) is owned by us or our licensors and is
protected by copyright, trade mark and/or other intellectual property and other
proprietary rights and laws. You shall use our Content exclusively for purposes
that are permitted by these Terms and any applicable laws and regulations. Any
rights not expressly granted in these Terms are reserved.
You agree and acknowledge that the AMATI trade mark is our property and agree not
to challenge either our ownership or use of the AMATI name or our registration of
the AMATI trade mark (except on the basis of non-use).
You acknowledge and agree that your Content will be true, accurate, current and
complete and not misleading in any way.
You hereby grant to us a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable,
royalty-free, transferable right and licence to use your Content in order to
provide you with a Valuation.
You are solely liable for your Content, and represent and warrant that you have
all rights, power and authority necessary to grant the licence under paragraph
6.5, and that your Content:
does not infringe the rights of any third party;
complies with all applicable laws and regulations;
is not unlawful, harmful, threatening, harassing, defamatory, obscene,
libellous, invasive of another’s privacy;
does not involve impersonating any person or entity, or falsely stating or
misrepresenting your affiliation with a person or entity; and
does not contain software viruses or any other computer code, files or
programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any
computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment.
You acknowledge and agree that we may store your Content and may also disclose
your Content for any reason if we deem this to be necessary (under law or for any
other reason).
Exclusions and Limitations of Liability
Save as expressly set out in these Terms, we exclude to the fullest extent
permitted by law all warranties and conditions, whether express or implied by
statute, common law or otherwise.
Nothing in these Terms shall operate to exclude or limit the liability of a party
in respect of death or personal injury resulting from that party’s own negligence,
for fraud or for any liability that cannot be excluded or limited under applicable
law.
We shall not be liable to you in contract, tort (including negligence) or
otherwise for any indirect or consequential losses, or for any loss of profits,
loss of goodwill, loss of revenue, loss of business or loss of anticipated
savings.
Subject to paragraphs 7.2 and 7.3, our liability to you in contract, tort
(including negligence, breach of statutory duty, misrepresentation or otherwise)
or for any other cause of action arising by reason of or in connection with these
Terms shall not exceed a total aggregate amount equal to the Valuation Fee paid.
Notices
Notices to you may be sent via either email or regular mail to the address you
have provided to us.
Any notice from you to us shall be sent in writing to us at the address set out in
paragraph 1.1 above.
General
These Terms contain the entire agreement between us and you relating to the
Valuation Service and supersede any previous agreements, arrangements,
undertakings or proposals, whether written or oral, between us and you relating to
the Valuation Service. You confirm that you have not been induced to enter into a
contract on these Terms by any prior representations, whether written or oral,
except as specifically reproduced in these Terms and you hereby waive any claim
for breach of any such representations which are not specifically reproduced in
these Terms.
We can assign, sub-contract and/or otherwise transfer any or all of our rights
and/or obligations under these Terms to any company, firm or person. We can only
do this if it does not affect your rights under these Terms. You may not assign,
sub-contract and/or otherwise transfer your rights or obligations under these
Terms to anyone else except with our written consent.
These Terms are personal to you and no third party is intended to benefit under
these Terms.
If we are prevented, hindered or delayed from providing a Valuation owing to
circumstances beyond our reasonable control, we shall have no liability in respect
of any delay in provision or any non-provision of such Valuation, and any
timescale estimates for provision of a Valuation shall be extended
correspondingly.
If you fail to comply with these Terms and we take no action against you, we will
still be entitled to enforce our rights against you in relation to that breach and
to use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these
Terms.
All or any part of any term of these Terms that is found to be unfair or
unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction will be treated as deleted and
the remainder of the Terms will continue to govern each of our respective
obligations.
English is the only language in which these Terms are offered.
These Terms are governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England
and Wales (or the laws of Scotland or Northern Ireland if you live there). If you
choose to bring proceedings in connection with these Terms you must do so in the
courts of England and Wales, unless you live in Scotland, in which case you can
choose to bring proceedings there, or in Northern Ireland, in which case you can
choose to bring proceedings there.
The following model cancellation form should only be used if you are entitled to a
statutory right to cancel as described in paragraph 5.
MODEL CANCELLATION FORM
(Complete and return this form only if you wish to withdraw from the contract)
To: Amati Instruments Limited, The Granary, Llancayo Court, Usk, Monmouthshire, NP15 1HY
Email: info@amati.com
I/We [*] hereby give notice that I/We [*] cancel my/our [*] contract of sale for the supply of
the following services [*]
Ordered on [*]/received on [*]:
Name of consumer(s):
Address of consumer(s):
Signature of consumer(s) (only if this form is notified on paper):
Date:
[*] Delete as appropriate
© AMATI INSTRUMENTS LIMITED 2018
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Site Map