http://amda.edu/privacy
Request Information
Schedule an Audition
Apply Now
About
History
Philosophy + Mission
Accreditation + Approvals
Photos
Videos
Jobs at AMDA
Contact Us
Campuses
New York
Los Angeles
Programs
Acting
Music Theatre
Dance Theatre
Performing Arts
BA in Theatre
MA in Theatre
MFA in Writing
Admissions
Admission Requirements
International Students
Accepted Students
Program Dates + Costs
AMDA AOS or Certificate Graduate
FAQ
Application
Audition
Campus Tour
Open House
Payments
Scholarships
Financial Aid Checklist
Forms + Documents
Grants + Scholarships
Loan Programs
AMDA Payment Plans
Verification
Net Price Calculator
Key Terms
Faculty
Faculty Directory
Celebrate Faculty
Student Life
Accessibility Services
AMDA Eats
Campus Calendar
Education Department
Emergency Notification System
Health + Wellness
Orientation
Performance Opportunities
Parking
Performing Arts Library
Student Accounts
Student Affairs & Housing
Student Downloads
Student Employment
Student Success
Title IX + Incident Reporting
Alumni
AMDA 360Alumni Login
Featured AMDA Alumni
Alumni BFA Programs
Career Resource Links
Alumni Benefits
Report Alumni News
Alumni ID Request
Media Inquiries
High School
High School Summer Conservatory
High School Virtual Conservatory
GAP Programs
AMDA News
Payments
Contact Us
800-367-7908
X
AMDA Community News:
Campus Program Dates, Public Health Updates, Virtual Open Houses
Click here for more information about classes, performances, auditions, and open houses.
*
Our Promise of Privacy
We at the American Musical and Dramatic Academy (AMDA) are committed to protecting the privacy of our students and users, and we treat any information you share with discretion, care and respect.
What types of personal and non-personal information do we gather online?
We gather personally identifiable information when you contact us or by filling out requests for information through our advertisements and promotions, and by subscribing to newsletters and password protected areas of this Site. We collect only personal information that you provide to us such as: name, address, phone number, email address, and responses to specific questions. We may also record the types of product/resource information you have requested on the Site.
How do we use the personal and non-personal information that we gather?
We use personally identifiable information to respond to requests, to provide special offers, and to notify of new resources on our site. Like most Websites, we may also add to the above personally identifiable information a variety of technical data, including (but not limited to) your IP address (a unique number that identifies your access account on the Internet), domain, and Web browser information. We may track the page you visited before coming to our Site, the page you link to when you leave, which of our pages you access, and how long you spend on each page.
What about cookies and gifs?
We receive and store certain types of information automatically through the use of "cookies" and 1-pixel gifs. Cookies are files that your Web browser places on your computer's hard drive. 1-pixel gifs are tags that reside on certain pages of our Website. We use cookies and gifs to track your experience with this website, to tell us if you have visited this site previously, and to help us determine if you came from a particular link or banner advertisement. You may set your browser to reject cookies, but this may limit some functionality of the Site. We do not use cookies or gifs to retrieve personal information about you from your computer.
Do we disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties?
From time to time, we may provide your personally identifiable information with third parties that we use for our own business purposes, such as to process your order or request for information, or to provide sp;services for us. If you do not want us to disclose this information to these companies, please write to us at: The American Musical and Dramatic Academy (AMDA), Attention Webmaster, 6305 Yucca, Los Angeles, CA 90028. Please be sure to include your first name, last name, address, city, state, zip code, and phone number to ensure we can process your request. We will process your request promptly. Please be aware that you may receive another contact before your name removal takes effect. We regret any inconvenience this may cause.
Notwithstanding anything else in this policy, we may: (a) disclose personal and aggregate information when required by a valid legal mechanism such as a search warrant, subpoena, or court order, or when we deem it necessary to protect the safety of Site users, our employees or property; and (b) disclose personal information in the context of the sale of some or all of our assets.
Online Payments and SSL (Secure Sockets Layer)
We take the necessary security measures to protect your financial information and keep it confidential. When you submit payment information via the Web site, your information is protected both online and offline.
Sensitive payment information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your Web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the Web page when you are processing a payment online.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive payment information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform specific jobs are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
How are "Contact Us" emails treated?
We use "Contact Us" forms to allow you to contact us directly with any questions or comments you may have. We read every message sent in and try to reply promptly to each one. This information is used to respond directly to your questions or comments. We may also file your comments to improve the website.
Can I opt out of receiving communications from The American Musical and Dramatic Academy (AMDA)?
Yes. If you do not wish to receive email communications please click the UNSUBSCRIBE link located at the bottom of the email. We will process your request promptly. Please be aware that you may receive another contact before your name removal takes effect. We regret any inconvenience this may cause. If you prefer, you may send us a letter at the following address. Please include your first name, last name, address, city, state, zip code, and phone number to ensure we can process your request:
The American Musical and Dramatic Academy (AMDA), Attention: Webmaster, 6305 Yucca, Los Angeles, CA 90028
AMDA Alumni Online Profile Accounts
Members who register for an AMDA Alumni Online Profile Account voluntarily provide us with personal contact and professional information and may occasionally receive electronic mailings from the American Musical and Dramatic Academy. Alumni address, phone, and e-mail contact information are available only to AMDA employees and the Office of Alumni Relations. The Alumni Online Profile Accounts are password-protected and only available to the user. Limited profile information may be made available to other alumni and to the public through the Online Alumni Directory, but participation in the Directory is voluntary: alumni are given the opportunity to opt out of the Alumni Directory after they register for the Online Alumni Account.
From time-to-time casting directors, agents and other industry professionals contact AMDA directly to learn about a specific AMDA graduate. AMDA will never release an AMDA graduate's personal information but will in turn contact the graduate directly to distribute the information of the interested party.
Alumni may request at any time to be removed from the mailing list or have their online profile deleted by contacting the Office of Alumni Relations through the "Help/Support" link when logged into their account or by phone at 800-367-7908.
Site Links
This Site may contain links to other Websites. The American Musical and Dramatic Academy (AMDA) is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Websites.
Will this policy change?
From time to time this privacy policy may be revised, please check this privacy policy for the most recent update.
How do I contact the Website?
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, you may contact us using our online contact page, or write us at:The American Musical and Dramatic Academy (AMDA), Attention: Webmaster, 6305 Yucca, Los Angeles, CA 90028
Policy updated October 2010