https://americandancefestival.org/about/privacy-policy/
OverviewThank you for visiting www.americandancefestival.com (the “Site”). This Site is owned and operated by the American Dance Festival (“ADF” or “we”). ADF is committed to protecting your online privacy. This Privacy Policy outlines how ADF gathers and utilizes various sources of information obtained during your visit to and use of the Site. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected from your use of the Site. This Policy does not apply to other entities that we do not own or control or persons that are not our employees, agents or within our control. BY USING THE SITE, YOU AGREE TO THE PRACTICES AND POLICIES OUTLINED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND YOU HEREBY CONSENT TO OUR TRACKING, COLLECTION, USE, AND SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY, YOU CANNOT USE THE SITE. IF YOU USE THE SITE ON BEHALF OF SOMEONE ELSE OR AN ENTITY, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU ARE AUTHORIZED BY SUCH INDIVIDUAL OR ENTITY TO ACCEPT THIS PRIVACY POLICY ON SUCH INDIVIDUAL’S OR ENTITY’S BEHALF.Personally Identifiable and Non-Personally Identifiable Information In general, you can visit our Site without revealing any information that personally identifies you (“Personally Identifiable Information” or “PII”). To access certain services, you may be required to voluntarily provide certain PII. PII (including your full name, email address, billing address, shipping address, telephone number, credit/debit card information) is required to access to some of our content and services, such as purchasing tickets or items available for sale, making contributions or registering for classes. With respect to payment information such as credit/debit card information, please note that all payments are processed through Evalon Inc. and payment information is also governed by Evalon’s privacy policy available at https://www.elavon.com/privacy-pledge. We never store your credit card information.We reserve the right, regardless of your mailing preferences, to contact you in the event of a change, cancellation or alteration with respect to a performance for which you purchased tickets or any items that you purchased through our site.We may also collect your PII when you choose to provide it to us. For example, you may send PII in an email, or through a contact request form or submission form on the Site or when you subscribe to our newsletter or other communication.We also may automatically collect certain data when you use the Site, such as (1) IP address; (2) domain server; (3) type of device(s) used to access the Site; (4) web browser(s) used to access the Site; (5) referring webpage or other source through which you accessed the Site; (6) geolocation information; and (7) other statistics and information associated with the interaction between your browser or device and the Site. We may also aggregate any information collected, including demographic information collected from our users in a manner which does not identify any individual (“Aggregate Information”). Information obtained in connection with the Site may be intermingled with and used by us in conjunction with information obtained through sources other than the Site, including both offline and online sources.Information Usage We may use your information, including PII to provide certain services to you including:Provide you with the products, services and information you request or have expressed interest in;Send you newsletters and other communication that you have opted to receive;Contact you with information, offers and promotions about our events, classes, programs, products and services;Provide, maintain, administer or expand the Site or for other internal purposes to support, improve or enhance our business, the Site and the products and services we offer;Customize and tailor your experience of the Site;Obtain your feedback regarding the Site or the events, classes, programs, products and services we offer; andPrevent, detect and investigate security breaches and potentially illegal or prohibited activities.We do not sell your PII to third parties or mass marketers for their independent use. You should be aware that PII which you voluntarily include and transmit online in a posting may be viewed and used by others. We are unable to control such uses of your PII, and by using the Site you assume the risk that the PII provided by you may be viewed and used by third parties.Unless you consent to the disclosure of your PII, only we and our affiliates, our technical consultants, third party auditors and other third parties who make our Site available, enhance its functionality, or provide associated services (such as payment services and coordinating orders and delivery of our products and services) have access to this information, and we inform them about the restrictions in this Policy.Please note that we reserve the right to and may disclose PII about you in connection with (a) requests from local, state or federal law enforcement officials; (b) any judicial, administrative or similar proceeding or order, such as subpoena; (c) a petition in bankruptcy or proceedings in bankruptcy, or if any court assumes jurisdiction of it and its assets pursuant to proceedings under any bankruptcy or reorganization act, or a receiver is appointed of ADF’s assets or ADF makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors. (d) if required by law; or (e) to investigate suspected fraud, harassment, physical threats, or other violations of any law, rule or regulation, the Site rules or policies, or the rights of third parties or to investigate any suspected conduct which we deem improper. Please also note that we do reserve the right to transfer your PII and other information to our successors in business and purchasers of site assets.We may use Aggregate Information for any and all purposes as we deem fit, including to improve your experience on the Site and for our research activities. For example, we may share Aggregate Information with unaffiliated third parties, such as business partners in an aggregate, anonymous form, which means that the shared information will not contain nor be linked to any PII.Collection of DataPlease take note that your user name, e-mail address, or other submissions that you make on this site may contain your real name or other personally identifiable information and, as a result, may appear on this site. Like many web sites, we may also automatically receive general information that is contained in our server log files such as your IP address and cookie information.Protection for ChildrenThe Site is not intended for use by children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect any information from children under the age of 13, nor is the Site directed to children under the age of 13. Any information that you provide us while using the Site on behalf of your minor child will be treated as PII as otherwise provided herein. If it comes to our attention that a child has provided us with PII, we will use all reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database.  Links to Third Party SitesThe Site may contain links (or other information) to other web sites and services (including social media sites). Other web sites may also reference or link to our Site. We may also offer contests, sweepstakes and other promotions in association with third parties. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our Site to read the privacy policies of each and every web site that collects PII. We do not endorse, screen or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other web sites. Visiting these other web sites is at your own risk.How We Use CookiesLike many web sites, we may set and use cookies clear gifs, web beacons or similar devices (including session Cookies, i.e., Cookies that will persist only until you end your session on the Site, and persistent Cookies, i.e., Cookies that persist even after you end your session on the Site) to enhance your user experience, such as retaining your personal settings and help us improve the Site by tracking your navigation habits. Cookies are small pieces of information that some web sites store on your computer’s hard drive when you visit them for the purpose of facilitating and enhancing your communication and interaction with the web site. This site uses aggregate data compiled by cookies to provide us with information about traffic to our site. Collecting this information does not allow us to personally identify you. You may stop or restrict the placement of cookies on your computer or remove them from your browser by adjusting your web browser preferences. If you modify your web browser to reject cookies from our Site, the functions and conveniences of our Site may not work properly.Clickstream As you use the Internet, a trail of electronic information is left at each web site you visit. This information, which is sometimes referred to as “clickstream data,” can be collected and stored by a web site’s server. Clickstream data can tell us the type of computer and browsing software you use and the address of the web site from which you linked to the Site. We may collect and use clickstream data as a form of Aggregate Information to anonymously determine how much time visitors spend on each page of our Site, how visitors navigate throughout the Site and how we may tailor our web pages to better meet the needs of visitors. This information will be used to improve our Site and our services. Any collection or use of clickstream data will be anonymous and aggregate, and will not intentionally contain any PII.SecurityThe security of your PII is important to us. We have put in place reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect and to prevent unauthorized Internet access to user data retained in our internal servers. However, we will not be liable for disclosures of your PII due to errors in transmission or unauthorized acts of third parties.Despite the measures we take to protect your PII, due to the inherent open nature of the Internet, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or any information provided online, and you do so at your own risk. You must accept all risks associated with any data transmission, including the risk that your PII may be intercepted in transit.Data RetentionWe retain non-personally identifiable information collected via our Site for as long as we have a business reason to do so. After that time, we aggregate the data and retain it for analytical purposes. We retain your PII, if provided by you through the Site, until you request us in writing to delete it. We also may retain your PII for a longer period of time as needed to provide you services or as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, and to enforce our agreements. Even if we delete some or all of your PII, we may continue to retain and use aggregate, anonymous data previously collected and/or anonymize and aggregate your PII.Policy Review and ModificationsWe review this Privacy Policy at reasonable intervals to ensure we remain consistent with the terms set forth herein. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to modify, add, or remove portions from this Privacy Policy at any time. However, if at any time in the future we plan to use PII in a way that materially differs from this Policy, we will post such changes here. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of any changes to this Policy constitutes your acceptance of any such changes.Opt-OutWe give you the option to access (through an email sent by us), update or remove your Personal Information from any lists that we maintain of users. All unsubscribe or opt-out requests should be sent to us at adf@aemericandancefestival.org, and we will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt. We are also not responsible for removing your Personal Information from the lists of any third party who has previously been provided your information in accordance with this Policy.E-mail CommunicationsCommunication that you send to us via the e-mail links and forms on our site may be shared with a customer service representative or appropriate personnel to address your inquiry. We make every effort to respond in a timely fashion once communications are received, usually within three business days.Because e-mail does not provide a completely secure and confidential means of communication, please do not use e-mail if you wish to keep your communication private. Instead, call the ADF directly at 919-684-6402 during business hours Monday through Friday, 10:00am to 6:00 pm with your request.Complaint ProcessIf you have a complaint or problem or any question, or if you believe your privacy rights have been violated, you may contact us at adf@aemericandancefestival.org. Please indicate the reason for contacting us. We will assist you with your complaint or forward your email to the appropriate affiliate for response or resolution.United States of America Our Site is maintained in the United States of America. By using the Site, you freely and specifically authorize the export of Personal Information to the USA and its storage and use as specified in this Privacy Policy.
About
Who We Are
Calendar
Employment
Internships
Arts Administration Internships
Production Internships
Year-Round Internships
Arts Administration and Production Intern Alumni
Alumni
Notable ADF School Alumni
ADF Board of Directors
Volunteers
Visit ADF
Venue Parking and Directions
Accessibility
Press Room
Press Downloads
Contact Us/Staff Listing
Executive Director
Dean
Privacy Policy
2019 Annual Report