https://americanmosaics.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Who we are
SAMA is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization dedicated to educating, inspiring, and promoting excellence in mosaic arts.  To achieve this mission, SAMA organizes programs, events, and activities designed to:
Attract and retain members who value excellence in mosaics;
Educate both the art community and the public regarding contemporary and classical mosaic arts;
Provide opportunities for unlimited creative and professional growth;
Foster and sustain a mosaic community where members are encouraged to explore the full potential of the art form
Our website address is: https://americanmosaics.org.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Media & Artist Copyrights
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Submission indicates granting of rights to SAMA to Publish on the SAMA website and Social Media outlets for publicity of you as an artist, the work, SAMA as an organization, or SAMA’s Programs for marketing and publicity purposes.
Artists retain all copyrights to their individual works.
Contact Forms
Contact information left on contact forms are used for communication of customer service interactions only and will not be added to our marketing list.
Product Order, Membership Order, Sponsorship and Donation, Member Program Application and Entry Forms
Membership, product, program registration, proposals, scholarship applications, and donations will collect information to facilitate the delivery of the product or member services or donation acknowledgments.  Information collected on the program proposals or applications to exhibitions or scholarship is reserved for the evaluation process and administration of program selection.  See individual program details for more information on information collected and it’s use.
For users that register on our website or on our 3rd party software solution partners, including Eventbrite.com (Conference Registration), Slideroom.com (Mosaic Arts International and Robin Brett Scholarship Applications),  NeonOne.com (Membership Database, Donations and SAMA Store), and Guidebook.com (Conference Mobile App.), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time. Website administrators can also see and edit that information.  Your data is not shared with any third party other than the contracted software solution providers listed above for the purpose of facilitating transactions or fulfilling orders, and communications relating to the delivery of member or sponsor benefits and execution of SAMA programs and SAMA promotions and marketing.
Email information will be reserved for future notifications of new programs or services of SAMA, but not provided to 3rd party solicitors for marketing purposes.
Opting out of SAMA informational emails is available at any time by indicating so to info@americanmosaics.org.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year and you may clear them on your browser at any time.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in to the Member Portal or to make a purchase or donation, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.