https://americanrepertorytheater.org/privacy-policy/
The American Repertory Theater has adopted this Privacy Policy in order to inform users of the americanrepertorytheater.org Web site about how the site collects, stores, and uses personal information submitted via the site.
1. Collection of Information
Certain applications on this Web site may require users to register or to provide personal information in order to make a purchase, or to subscribe to a newsletter. To better understand the needs of our Web site users, we may also request demographic information. Entry of such information is optional and if you choose not to enter such information, you may still successfully use these applications. If we request demographic information, we will not share information about you as an individual with any other entity. If we do share demographic information with third parties, we will give them aggregate information only.
We analyze traffic to the americanrepertorytheater.org site in various ways, including using a service called Google Analytics. (Google Analytics is subject to the privacy policy of Google, Inc., which you can find on their website.) We use this information to generate statistics and measure site activity to improve the usefulness of the site to our visitors.
We collect the IP addresses of visitors, time of access, browser type, and web pages visited. If you search the site, your search requests may be logged. We use this information to measure the number of visitors to different sections of the site, diagnose and correct system errors, perform research, and improve the usability of the site. We use your IP address and files you access to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. We also use this information to tailor site content to user needs, and to generate aggregate statistical reports. At no time do we disclose site usage by individual visitors.
We may use cookies to maintain a user’s identity between web sessions.
2. Mailing Lists
If you provide your e-mail address, the American Repertory Theater or affiliated artists may periodically contact you with special offers, updated information, and new services. Any e-mails sent to you by the American Repertory Theater offer you the option to be removed from the e-mail mailing list. We will never sell or trade your e-mail address.
If you provide The American Repertory Theater with your mailing address or telephone number, The American Repertory Theater or affiliated artists, in addition to providing you with our electronic newsletter, may also use this information to alert you to updated information and new services. We may periodically share your mailing address with third parties whose products and services may be of interest to you. If you wish to be removed from the mailing list, you may do so by contacting The American Repertory Theater directly. (See the Contact Us section).
3. Financial information
The American Repertory Theater will protect any personal financial information that you share with us. If you make a purchase on americanrepertorytheater.org, we will use your credit card number only to process your payment and will not use it for marketing purposes. For reasons of security, credit card information is not stored on our Web server. This information is never shared with third parties.
4. Links
Our site includes links to other Web sites. We do not control the privacy policies of the destination sites. Once you leave our servers (you can check where you are by checking the URL in the location bar on your browser), use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting. That policy may differ from ours. If you can’t find the privacy policy of any of these sites via a link from the site’s homepage, you should contact the manager of that site for more information. The American Repertory Theater is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of Web sites other than americanrepertorytheater.org.
5. Contacting this web site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, you can contact:
American Repertory Theater
64 Brattle Street
Cambridge, MA 02138
6. Changes to this policy
An announcement of any changes to this policy will be posted prominently on the first page of our web site for three months before any changes go into effect.
7. No Guarantees
While this Privacy Policy states our standards for maintenance of data and we will make efforts to meet them, we are not in a position to guarantee these standards. There may be factors beyond our control that may result in disclosure of data. As a consequence, we disclaim any warranties or representations relating to maintenance or nondisclosure of data.
8. Effective Date
The effective date of this policy is April 7, 2009.