https://andysummers.com/privacy/
Navigation
PRIVACY POLICY for Andysummers.com
General Policy.
Andysummers respects the privacy concerns of the visitors to Andysummers.com (the “Web Site”). As a general policy, no personal information is automatically collected from users of the site. In the event that we do collect any personally identifiable data about visitors to this site, that information is only collected on a voluntary basis, and it is only known to Andysummers.
Certain non-personal information of visitors (for example, the type of browser being used by the visitor, the type of operating system in use by the visitor and the domain name of the visitor’s Internet service provider) is recorded by the standard operation of Andysummers Internet servers. This information is primarily used for internal purposes, and only in an aggregate and non-personally-identifying form. However, Andysummers sometimes does provide this information, in aggregate and non-personally identifying form, to other parties for marketing, advertising or other use.
Personally identifiable information may be collected by Andysummers.com when Web Site visitors voluntarily provide this information (including when visitors fill out contest entry forms, subscribe to newsletters/artist information bulletins or participate in other types of promotions). All such personal information is retained by Andysummers.com and is not sold or otherwise transferred outside the company unless we obtain the user’s express consent to do so or if we are required by law or by court/governmental order to disclose such information in a particular circumstance. This information is used by Andysummers for internal marketing and promotional purposes, in order to better understand the use of our sites and to support promotions included on these sites, as well as to enhance user enjoyment during the on-line experience. This data, in aggregate, non-personally-identifying form, may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising or other uses. We sometimes also use e-mail addresses and other personally identifying information to contact visitors who communicate with us. For example, we direct e-mail to visitors who provide us with their e-mail addresses for specific purposes such as receiving our e-mail newsletters/bulletins or being notified if they have won one of our contests. Each e-mail newsletter or bulletin contains instructions on how to discontinue receipt of the newsletter or bulletin.
This site contains links to other Web sites. Andysummers.com is not responsible for the privacy policies and practices or the content of such Web sites.
AndySummers.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to (“your website name” (amazon.com, or endless.com, MYHABIT.com, SmallParts.com, or AmazonWireless.com).
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using this site, you signify your assent to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this policy, please do not use this site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of this Web site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean that you accept those changes.
Contact Us:
If you have any questions about this policy, you may contact Andysummers.com through the CONTACT PAGE.
Follow AndyFacebookInstagramTwitterYouTubeSubscribe for Updates
Search
Popular Latest Comments Tags
Leica M MONOCHROM “SIGNATURE” By Andy Summers
September 23, 2019
One Train Later Book Released
October 6, 2006
Book Tour Begins in Los Angeles
October 6, 2006
One Train Later Book Tour Schedule
October 11, 2006
One Train Later at The Rock & Roll Hall Of Fame Cleveland – 11.15.06
November 12, 2006
Leica M MONOCHROM “SIGNATURE” By Andy Summers
September 23, 2019
Bonnefatenmuseum Andy Summers Exhibit Video
September 22, 2019
Andy Summers’ Monochrome Strat in Guitar World
September 20, 2019
Fender and Andy Summers Collaborate on Monochrome Strat Set
September 19, 2019
Andy Summers and the New Fender Custom Guitar
September 17, 2019
Photography
Home
News
Bio
Music
Writing
Photography
Video
Shop
contact
|
terms
|
privacy
| sitemap
© 2006-2019 Andy Summers, All Rights Reserved