https://animesuperhero.com/forums/help/terms/
Menu
Blog
Forums
New posts
Featured threads
Search forums
Media
Random
Playlists
What's new
New posts
All posts
New profile posts
Latest activity
Members
Registered members
Current visitors
New profile posts
Search profile posts
Log in
Register
What's new
Search
Search
Search titles only
By:
Search
Advanced search…
Latest activity
Register
Menu
Log in
Register
Navigation
Install the app
Install
More options
Change style
Contact us
Close Menu
Forum Update -- Please click here if you notice any errors.
Help
You are using an out of date browser. It
may not display this or other websites correctly.You should upgrade or use an alternative browser.
Terms and rules
Help pages
Help
Smilies
BB codes
Trophies
Cookie usage
Terms and rules
Privacy policy
Intro
These forum rules have been established to help maintain a civil and friendly environment, allowing everyone to enjoy the discussions that can be found here. This page contains the Terms of Service, General Rules of Conduct and Appeals Procedure for these forums. It is important that you read through this page thoroughly, to prevent any potential rules violations.
animesuperhero.com may change the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and General Rules of Conduct from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page periodically as your continued use of the site constitutes acceptance of any changes to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and General Rules of Conduct. We may periodically require you to reconfirm agreement to Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and General Rules of Conduct. This policy is effective from 5/17/2018.
Terms of Service
By activating your account, you agree to abide by these Terms of Service and General Rules of Conduct in using all features made available by the providers ("we", "us", "our") on animesuperhero.com ("Service"), including forums and the private message system. Failure to do so will result in disciplinary action, which may include deactivation of your account and notification of your ISP.
The providers of the service provided by this web site are not responsible for any user-generated content and accounts ("Content"). Content submitted express the views of their author only.
You agree to not use the Service to submit or link to any Content which is defamatory, abusive, hateful, threatening, spam or spam-like, likely to offend, contains adult or objectionable content, contains personal information of others, risks copyright infringement, encourages unlawful activity, or otherwise violates any laws.
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless animesuperhero.com and its owners with respect to any claim based upon transmission of your message(s). We also reserve the right to reveal your identity (or whatever information we know about you) in the event of a complaint or legal action arising from any message posted by you.
All Content you submit or upload may be reviewed by staff members. All Content you submit or upload may be sent to third-party verification services (including, but not limited to, spam prevention services). Do not submit any Content that you consider to be private or confidential.
You are granting us
non-exclusive, permanent, irrevocable, unlimited license to use, publish, or re-publish your Content in connection with the Service. You retain copyright over the Content.
We reserve the right to remove or modify any Content submitted for any reason without explanation. Requests for Content to be removed or modified will be undertaken only at our discretion. We reserve the right to take action against any account with the Service at any time and for any reason.
These terms may be changed at any time without notice.
If you do not agree with these terms, please do not register or use this Service. If you wish to close your account, please contact us
General Rules of Conduct
You may only register one Account. Multiple accounts are not allowed.
Use of IP Spoofing services, VPNs, and/or any other services and tools that
change IPs more frequently than once every 10 minutes may result in your account being banned immediately upon discovery.
No posting of vulgar or obscene material, or any material inappropriate for children.
No derogatory comments against other posters, including slurs based on race, religion, gender, sexual preference, or political affiliation. No personal threats or harassment.
No commercial posts without authorization from the animesuperhero.com Administrators via email.
No off-topic links to personal websites (spamming) without permission from the
animesuperhero.com Administrators via email.
No impersonation of other accounts.
Moderators and Administrators monitor your compliance with these rules and dispense disciplinary action at their discretion. Disciplinary decisions may be appealed through the Appeal Procedure. No unauthorized public posting of appeals.
Always treat fellow posters with respect and courtesy. Always.
animesuperhero.com is a family site. As such, no language, avatar pictures, or external website links inappropriate for children should be posted. If you are uncertain as to whether a certain word, image, or link is allowed, contact a moderator or administrator beforehand.
No discussion of how to illegally acquire copyrighted material or links to websites promoting subversion of copyright.
For your safety, no public posting of any personal contact information.
No misquotations or misrepresentations of other members. This is considered libel.
Spoilers must be inside spoiler tags.
[spoiler]test[/spoiler]
Example:
Spoiler: (highlight to read)test
The tag will hide the text so that it will not accidentally spoil the work for another user's account. Highlighting the text in the box will reveal the spoiler. Threads that concern large amounts of spoilers must include the word “Spoilers” in the topic field. No spoilers in thread topics.
No irritating posting styles, including use of all caps and excessive punctuation.
Discussion must remain on-topic when possible. If there is no board where a subject belongs, include the words “Off Topic” in the thread title or contact a moderator or administrator and ask where to post the thread.
To report a rule violation in a board post, click "Report this Post” to inform a moderator. Do not use this feature for any other reason.
No posting of flames or material intended to start a flame war.
Disciplinary Action
Violation of the General Rules of Conduct and Terms of Service may result in disciplinary action issued by a moderator assigned to the forum on which the violation took place. Any moderator can take action on a forum with no listed moderators or in an urgent case when no assigned moderator is online. Violations are evaluated on a case-by-case basis depending on the severity of the offense and past history of violations. The following types of disciplinary action are those most often applied.
Deletion of offending material: If the offense took place on a public forum, the material that violated the rules may be edited or deleted.
Informal warning: If the moderator determines that the offense is not severe enough to warrant a formal warning, an informal warning may be issued. An informal warning is a private correspondence between the moderator and the violator advising the violator of the offense and what (s)he can do to correct it.
Formal warning: If the offense is severe enough or an informal warning has already been issued, the moderator may issue a formal warning. The formal warning becomes a permanent part of the account’s record and all moderators and administrators are informed are soon as it is issued. Several warnings may result in a permanent ban.
Temporary Ban: A Temporary Ban is the temporary deactivation of a violator’s posting privileges for one or more of the forums for a finite period of time. If a moderator has determined a permanent ban is avoidable, they may apply a Temporary Ban. A moderator may also apply a Temporary Ban to halt a deteriorating situation on the forums and make time to work out issues with the violating account.
Ban: A ban is the permanent deactivation of the violator’s account with the toonzone forums. A moderator applies a ban in response to very severe offenses and/or consistent display of unwillingness to follow forum rules.
Appeals Procedure
If a moderator takes disciplinary action against your account that you believe was unfair, you may appeal the decision in a courteous message explaining your reasons.
Appeals must be sent via e-mail only and must follow this appeals procedure.
Otherwise, they will not be considered.
You may submit only one appeal per disciplinary action.
Please note that public discussion of disciplinary action (public posting of appeals) is a violation of animesuperhero.com’s Terms of Service. Any public airing of grievances against a moderator in connection with a disciplinary action will be treated as a public appeal and is cause for further disciplinary action.
You must submit the appeal to the moderator who originally carried out the action. If the Chief Moderator of the board on which the violation took place is not the disciplining moderator, you may “cc” the appeal to him/her. However, you may not make a separate appeal to a Chief Moderator or anyone who is not the disciplining moderator. Within one week of receipt of the appeal you will receive a response upholding the disciplinary action, revoking it, or requesting more information. If you do not receive any response within one week of sending your appeal, you may send a courteous conversation message or e-mail to a Chief Moderator or one other moderator informing them that you have not received a response to your appeal. This is not a second appeal.
Even if you have a pending appeal you are still required to comply with moderator instructions.
If a moderator warns you and you know you have broken the rules, please do not appeal the decision. Though there is no penalty for frivolous appeals, it is a waste of our time and yours to make an appeal that you know will fail. A warning is not the worst thing in the world. Some of our best and most productive board members have broken a rule and received a warning for it. As long as you stop doing whatever you were warned for in the first place, we can go back to what this board is for: having good, productive discussions about the things we love.
Featured Posts
Anime RPG & Mud Games
Help
This site uses cookies to help personalise content, tailor your experience and to keep you logged in if you register.
By continuing to use this site, you are consenting to our use of cookies.
Accept
Learn more…
Top