https://anzab.org.au/info/Statements.php#privacy
Australian and New Zealand Association of Bellringers
Member login
Home page
Towers & Rings
Towers
Mini-Rings and Simulators
Projects
Peals & Quarters
Information
About Bellringing
About ANZAB
About Membership
Ringing Education
Donate to ANZAB
Projects & Grants
Merchandise
Links
Contacts
National
Regional
United Kingdom
Individual towers
ANZAB Privacy Policy
ANZAB conducts its affairs in compliance with Australian and New Zealand privacy legislation.  Other than Tower Contact and Officer details which people have agreed to be made public, any personal information provided by members to ANZAB will only be used by the officers of ANZAB and its branches for membership communications. It will not be used for marketing purposes nor disclosed to any third party.
For information on privacy legislation in Australia and New Zealand please refer to the following links:
Australia: http://www.privacy.gov.au/law
New Zealand: http://www.privacy.org.nz/
ANZAB Web Site Disclaimer
Every effort is made to ensure the accuracy and reliability of data contained in the ANZAB Web Site.
However ANZAB makes no warranty or guarantee, or promise, express or implied, concerning the content or accuracy of the documents stored and served by the ANZAB Web Site.
ANZAB accepts no liability for any loss or damage suffered as the result of the use of any information stored on the ANZAB Web Site.
ANZAB is not responsible for the contents of any off site information referenced.
Any inaccuracies on the ANZAB Web Site brought to the attention of the
will be investigated and corrected as soon as possible.
ANZAB Web Site Copyright Notice
Unless otherwise indicated, material on the ANZAB Web Site is the copyright of The Australian and New Zealand Bellringers' Association, Incorporated. You may download, display, print and reproduce this material in unaltered form for your personal, non-commercial use only, providing the source is acknowledged.
All other uses require the prior written permission of ANZAB. All such requests should be sent to the
in the first instance.
If you believe copyrighted work is available on the ANZAB Web Site in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or a
breach of
an agreed licence or contract, please notify the
providing sufficient information for our investigation and response.
The Australian and New Zealand Association of Bellringers, Inc.  ABN 94 939 034 781
Disclaimer | Copyright | Privacy | About the website | Go to top of page