https://aotearoamusicawards.nz/terms-conditions/
Terms & Conditions
Video Archives
By accessing and using this website (referred to below as the “site”) you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions and our privacy policy, which together govern such access and use (collectively the “user terms”).
Specific services offered on this site may also have additional terms and conditions applicable to them.
If you do not agree with these user terms, please do not continue using this site.
Owner
This Site is owned and operated by Recorded Music NZ Ltd (“Recorded Music NZ”), a company registered in New Zealand with registered number 1O515 and with its registered office at Level 1, 2A Hakanoa Street, Grey Lynn, Auckland, New Zealand.
Agreement
By agreeing to be bound by the user terms, you are entering into a legally binding agreement between yourself and Recorded Music NZ.
Disclaimer
The information provided on this site (“content”) is only provided as general information and not as professional or legal advice (or as a substitute for such advice). You should seek your own specific advice if you require it.
Recorded Music NZ does not warrant or represent that this site or the content meet any requirements of accuracy, completeness or fitness for purpose. Except to the extent expressly stated, Recorded Music NZ does not assume any responsibility for your use of this site or the content, and all warranties, terms or conditions in respect of your use of this site and the content are disclaimed to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Recorded Music NZ and each of Recorded Music NZ’s officers, employees, agents, suppliers and contractors, also exclude liability for any losses and expenses of whatever nature, including (without limitation) any direct, consequential or indirect losses or for any equitable or restitutory claim.
Use of content
All rights in the site’s content are owned by Recorded Music NZ. You may copy the content or any part of it to your hard disk and print such content for your personal, non-commercial use only or to the extent that you need to so in order to be able to use a specific service being offered by Recorded Music NZ on this site. You may not otherwise copy, or make available in any way the content without the prior consent of Recorded Music NZ.
This site includes a number of registered and unregistered trademarks, business names and logos of Recorded Music NZ and other organisations (“trademarks”). By making these trademarks available on this site, neither Recorded Music NZ nor the other organisations are granting you any right or licence to use them.
You may only use this site and the services made available on it for their intended purposes and in accordance with applicable law. You must also comply with any additional terms and conditions where these are provided in relation to any service appearing on this site.
Useful links
This site contains links to third party websites which are not owned or under the control of Recorded Music NZ. These links are made available for your convenience only and Recorded Music NZ does not endorse nor shall be responsible for the material on such third party sites or for your use of such websites.
Privacy
By accessing and using this site you agree to be bound by our Privacy Policy, which forms part of the user terms, and you agree that any personal data (including, without limitation, contact details such as your name, address, telephone number, email and any other data that may be used to individually identify you) that you submit or make available to Recorded Music NZ through this site will be processed in accordance with the Privacy Policy. Accordingly, you should review the Privacy Policy in addition to these user terms.
NZ law
This Site is provided in New Zealand and these user terms are governed by and will be construed in accordance with New Zealand law. You agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the New Zealand Courts where any dispute arises in relation to use of this site or the content.
About
Enter
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
©2020 Recorded Music NZ. Site by Saltdesign.co.nz
Remember Me
Lost Password?