https://aotearoamusicawards.nz/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Video Archives
General
This policy sets out how Recorded Music New Zealand Limited collects personal information. It also describes how we maintain, use and disclose personal information.
We respect the privacy of individuals and do not release personal information except in response to a legal requirement or at the direction of the Chief Executive Officer. In all other circumstances, this policy governs the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information.
Collection of your personal information
Where we collect personal information it is collected for Recorded Music NZ’s business purposes only. These are detailed generally on this website at www.recordedmusic.co.nz.
Where we require personal information Recorded Music NZ will state the purposes of this requirement and to whom the personal information may be disclosed.
Use of your personal information
We may, from time to time, send you material that Recorded Music NZ considers will be useful to you. We may also send you material about our services and activities. If you do not wish to receive this information, you can let us know and we will not send it to you.
Disclosure of your personal information
Recorded Music NZ will only disclose your personal information to external parties where such disclosure is directly related to the purpose for which the information was obtained, for example, specialist advisers to Recorded Music NZ who have been engaged to provide Recorded Music NZ with legal, administrative, financial, insurance, research, marketing or other services.
Notification
We may at other times notify you about our disclosure practices in relation to specific services that we provide in relation to our activities.
Security of your personal information
We take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information from loss, unauthorised access, modification, disclosure or other misuse.
Sensitive personal information
We do not collect any sensitive information as that term is used in the Privacy legislation (including information relating to your racial or ethnic origin, membership of political bodies, religion or trade unions, sexual preferences or activities, criminal record, state of health or medical history).
Amendments
We may amend this policy from time to time, and the policy will be promptly published on this website.
About
Enter
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
©2020 Recorded Music NZ. Site by Saltdesign.co.nz
Remember Me
Lost Password?