https://artangel.co.uk/content/2-privacy-policy
>
Our Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy
The Necessary Angel is aware that you care how information about you is used and shared by us and we appreciate your trust in us to do that carefully and sensibly.
This page describes the privacy and cookie policy of The Necessary Angel.
By visiting artangel.co.uk, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
What Personal Information About Customers Does artangel.co.uk Gather?
What About Cookies?
Does artangel.co.uk Share the Information it Receives?
How Secure Is Information About Me?
What About Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Websites?
What Choices Do I Have?
Notices and Revisions
What Personal Information About Customers Does artangel.co.uk Gather?
The information we learn from our site visitors helps us personalise and continually improve your browsing experience at artangel.co.uk. We use the information to deliver products and services, process payments, communicate with you about orders, products, services and promotional offers, update our records and generally maintain your accounts with us. We also use this information to improve our website, prevent or detect fraud or abuses of our website and enable third parties to carry out technical, logistical or other functions on our behalf.
Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us: we receive and store any information you enter on our website or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, managing and communicating with you.
Automatic Information: we receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many websites, we use 'cookies' and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses artangel.co.uk.
E-mail Communications: to help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from artangel.co.uk, if your computer supports such capabilities. If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please let us know.
What About Cookies?
Visiting the The Necessary Angel's website with your browser settings adjusted to accept cookies tells us that you want to use The Necessary Angel's products and services and that you consent to our use of cookies and other technologies to provide them to you as described in this notice and in our Privacy Notice. See below for information on how to modify the settings in your browser to notify you when you receive a new cookie and disable cookies altogether.
Cookies and How We Use Them
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognise your browser and to provide services, such as interest-based advertisements.
We also use cookies for additional purposes, including:
Identifying you when you sign-in to our site. This allows us to recognise you as a customer and other customised features and services we provide.
Keeping track of items stored in your shopping basket.
Conducting research and diagnostics to improve artangel.co.uk's content and services.
Preventing fraudulent activities.
Improving security.
Cookies and Browser Settings
The Help menu on the menu bar of most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer.
Does artangel.co.uk share the Information it receives?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business and we are not in the business of selling it to others. artangel.co.uk shares customer information only as described below.
Third Party and Service Providers We Do Not Control: We work closely with our third party and service providers. However, we do not share your data with them unless you have expressed a wish for us to do so.
Third Party Service Providers: We do not employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. We do however, use the services of a bulk email provider, which allows us to process and send our quarterly newsletter and other specific email news. Further, we must process the personal information in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by the UK's Data Protection Act.
With your consent: other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
How Secure Is Information About Me?
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage and disclosure of personally identifiable customer information. Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorised access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when you finish using a shared computer.
What About Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Web sites?
Our site may include third-party advertising and links to other Web sites. We do not provide any personally identifiable customer information to these advertisers or third-party Web sites.
We do not have access to or control over cookies or other features that they may use and this Privacy Notice does not cover the information practices of these advertisers and third-party websites. Please contact them directly for more information about their privacy practices. In addition, the Network Advertising Initiative offers useful information about Internet advertising companies (also called 'ad networks' or 'network advertisers'), including information about how to opt-out of their information collection.
What Choices Do I Have?
If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please let us know. (If you do not want to receive Term & Conditions and other legal notices from us, such as this Privacy Notice, those notices will still govern your use of artangel.co.uk, any orders placed with artangel.co.uk, and it is your responsibility to make us aware of your preferences).
The Help menu on the menu bar of most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer. However, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of artangel.co.uk's essential features, we recommend that you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Basket, proceed to Checkout, or use any artangel.co.uk products and services that require you to Sign in.
Notices and Revisions
If you have any concern about privacy at artangel.co.uk, please e-mail us a thorough description and we will try to resolve the issue for you.
Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your dealing with us. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.