https://arthurmurrayorlando.com/terms-conditions
I'm looking forproductAnyUncategorizedin a sizesizeAnyUncategorized. Show me thecolourAnyUncategorizeditems.Super Search
Home
Dance Info
Benefits of Dancing
Dance Styles
Our Process
Programs We Offer
Dance FAQs
Wedding
Calendar
About
Reviews
Locations
Blog
Videos
Contact
Gift Certificates
Careers
Reviews
Call now: (407) 290-5441
Get your first lesson for free!
Call now: (407) 290-5441
Terms & Conditions
Get Your First Lesson for Free!
You can schedule any time Monday thru Friday from 12:45 pm to 8:45 pm.
OrlandoClermontLake MaryWinter ParkWaterford LakesPlease leave this field empty.
Get More info
Use of Data
This website collects the data of users who sign up for the New Student Offer in order to provide these users with the opportunity to take dance classes at our new student rate. There is no other use of this data other than the reasons stated above. This company will not sell user data to any outside company.
Privacy policy
This website (www.arthurmurrayorlando.com) and its owners Arthur Murray Dance Centers Orlando take a proactive approach to user privacy and ensure the necessary steps are taken to protect the privacy of its users throughout their visiting experience. This website complies with all US national laws and requirements for user privacy.
Contact & Communication
Users contacting this website and/or its owners do so at their own discretion and provide any such personal details requested at their own risk. Personal information is kept private and stored securely until such time that it is no longer required or has no use, as detailed in the Data Protection Act 1998. Every effort has been made to ensure a safe and secure form to the email submission process, but users using such a form to email are advised that they do so at their own risk. This website and its owners use any information submitted to provide users with further information about the products / services offered or to provide assistance in answering any questions or queries that may have been submitted.
Shortened Links in Social Media
This website and its owners through their social media platform accounts may share web links to relevant web pages. By default some social media platforms shorten lengthy url’s / web addresses, e.g., https://bit.ly/zyVUBo.
Users are advised to take caution and good judgement before clicking any shortened url’s published on social media platforms by this website and its owners. Despite the best efforts to ensure only genuine url’s are published, many social media platforms are prone to spam and hacking, and therefore this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any shortened links.
External Links
Although this website only looks to include quality, safe, and relevant external links, users should always adopt a policy of caution before clicking any external web links mentioned throughout this website. The owners of this website cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked website despite their best efforts. Users should therefore note that they click on external links at their own risk and this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Adverts and Sponsored Links
This website may contain sponsored links and adverts. These will typically be served through our advertising partners,who may have detailed privacy policies relating directly to the adverts they serve.
Clicking on any such adverts will send a user to the advertisers website through a referral program which may use cookies and will track the number of referrals sent from this website. This may include the use of cookies which may in turn be saved on a user’s computer / device hard drive. Users should therefore note that they click on sponsored external links at their own risk and this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Social Media Platforms
Communication, engagement, and actions taken through external social media platforms that this website and its owners participate on are custom to the terms and conditions as well as the privacy policies held with each social media platform respectively.
Users are advised to use social media platforms wisely and communicate / engage upon them with due care and caution in regard to their own privacy and personal details. Neither this website nor its owners will ever ask for personal or sensitive information through social media platforms and encourage users wishing to discuss sensitive details to contact them through primary communication channels such as by telephone or email.
This website may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the social media platform in question. Users are advised before using such social sharing buttons that they do so at their own discretion and note that the social media platform may track and save their request to share a web page through a user’s social media platform account.
Use of Cookies
This website uses cookies to better the user’s experience while visiting the website. Where applicable this website uses a cookie control system allowing the user on their first visit to the website to allow or disallow the use of cookies on their computer / device. This complies with recent legislation requirements for websites to obtain explicit consent from users before leaving behind or reading files such as cookies on a user’s computer / device.
Cookies are small files saved to the user’s computer / device hard drive that track, save, and store information about the user’s interactions and usage of the website. This allows the website, through its server to provide the users with a tailored experience within this website.
Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from this website onto their computer / device hard drive they should take necessary steps within their web browser’s security settings to block all cookies from this website and its external serving vendors.
This website uses tracking software to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it. This software is provided by third party Analytics which uses cookies to track visitor usage. The software will save a cookie to the user’s computer / device hard drive in order to track and monitor engagement and usage of the website but will not store, save, or collect personal information.
Other cookies may be stored to the user’s computer / device hard drive by external vendors when this website uses referral programs, sponsored links or adverts. Such cookies are used for conversion and referral tracking and typically expire after 30 days, though some may take longer. No personal information is stored, saved or collected.
Arthur Murray Dance Centers Orlando
6700 Conroy-Windermere Road Suite 225
Orlando, FL 32835
(407) 290-5441
Dance InfoDance Styles
Dance Programs
Dance Process
Dance Benefits
Dance FAQs
CompanyAbout
Locations
Careers
Reviews
Terms & Conditions
Learn MoreContact
Calendar
Gift Certificates
Facebook
The Knot
New Studio Offer
Fill in the form below to receive a
FREE 30-minute private lesson
OrlandoClermontLake MaryWinter ParkWaterford LakesPlease leave this field empty.
Contact UsContact Us
Choose Your Studio:
OrlandoWinter ParkClermontLake MaryWaterford LakesInput this codePlease leave this field empty.
Contact Us
a gift
a promo
a win