https://artifactsgallery.com/privacy.asp
Artifacts Gallery - Privacy Notice
Artifacts
Gallery
800-927-7335
Home
Limited Editions
Sculptures
Originals
Animation
Gift certificates
Cart
Browse
About
Sign in
Limited Editions
Sculptures
Originals
Animation
Gift certificates
About Us
Contact Us
Customer Comments
Framing
Art Terminology
Policies
Secondary Market
Gallery Tour
Settings
Invoices
Gift certificates
Subscriptions
Sign out
Invoices
Artists
Artwork
Categories
Users
Gift certificates
Domain names
Privacy Notice
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Artifacts Gallery website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit/Debit Card Information
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's information.
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We offer gift-cards by which you can personalize a product you order for another person. Information you provide to us to create a gift-card is only used for that purpose, and it is only disclosed to the person receiving the gift.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive our catalog as well as updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by clicking on the my Information link in the shopping Cart. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can also correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us or email us using the information at the bottom of every page.
Home 
New Releases 
Limited Editions 
Sculptures 
Originals 
Animation 
Cart
About Us 졆
Contact Us 졆
Customer Comments

Framing

Art Terminology 졆
Policies 졆
Secondary Market 졆
Gallery Tour
775 Main Street
Cambria, California 93428
Phone: 800-927-7335
 2020 Artifacts Gallery
All rights reserved. Duplication strictly prohibited.