https://artsfairfax.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
ARTSFAIRFAX Privacy Policy
Last updated April 27, 2018
ARTSFAIRFAX (“we” or “us” or “our”) respects the privacy of our users (each a “user” or “you”). Therefore, this Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you visit our website, artsfairfax.org, including any other media form, media channel, mobile website, or mobile application related or connected thereto (collectively, the “Site”). Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH AND ACCEPT THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS THE SITE.
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. We will alert you about any changes by updating the “Revised” date of this Privacy Policy. Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the updated Privacy Policy on the Site, unless otherwise stated in the update, and you waive the right to receive any specific or advance notice of each such change or modification. You are encouraged to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed of updates. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Site after the date such revised Privacy Policy is posted.
COLLECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may collect information about you in a variety of ways. The information we may collect on the Site includes:
Personal Data
You are under no obligation to provide us with personal information of any kind, however your refusal to do so may prevent you from using certain features of the Site. Personal Data refers to personally identifiable information, such as your name, shipping address, email address, and telephone number, and demographic information, such as your age, gender, hometown, and interests, that you voluntarily give to us when you register with the Site or when you choose to participate in various activities related to the Site, such as online chat and message boards.
Financial Data
In order to process ticket sales, gift certificate sales, class registrations, and special event registrations; to contact you regarding our services; and to better your experience, we may collect your name, email address, mailing address, credit card or debit card number, and other information (e.g. emergency contact information for children who are registered for classes, or dietary restrictions for special event dinners). We retain credit card and debit card numbers only as long as is necessary to process payment. If you make a pledge to ARTSFAIRFAX on a payment plan or sign up for a reoccurring donation, we will retain your credit card or debit card information as needed to process these payments. We are compliant with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard, an industry standard for the protection of payment cardholder data. All financial information is stored by our payment processor, Authorize.net, PayPal, and you are encouraged to review their privacy policy and contact them directly for responses to your questions. As to Financial Data that we may or do store, we do not sell it to anyone. See section below, entitled “Disclosure of Your Information,” for more information.
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
Having accurate information about you permits us to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience. Specifically, we may use information collected about you via the Site to:
Create and manage your account.
Notify you of updates to the Site.
Send you a newsletter.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may share information we have collected about you in certain limited situations. It will never be sold. Your information may be disclosed as follows:
By Law or to Protect Rights
If we believe the release of information about you is necessary to respond to legal process, to investigate or remedy potential violations of our policies, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of others, we may share your information as permitted or required by any applicable law, rule, or regulation. This includes exchanging information with other entities for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Third-Party Service Providers
We may share your information with third parties that perform services for us or on our behalf, including payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service, and marketing assistance.
Interactions with Other Users
If you interact with other users of the Site, those users may see your name, profile photo, and descriptions of your activity, including sending invitations to other users, chatting with other users, liking posts, following blogs. Such use should not and will not include access to any stored Financial Data, nor to Personal Data other than as stated above in this paragraph.
Online Postings
When you post comments, contributions, or other content to the Site, your posts may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside the Site in perpetuity.
Other Third Parties
We may share your information with advertisers and investors for the purpose of conducting general business analysis. We may also share your information with such third parties for marketing purposes, as permitted by law. We will not sell you financial data and financial data will not be shared with third parties other than authorized payment processing vendors, Authorize.net and PayPal. We encourage you to check Privacy Policies for these vendors.
Sale or Bankruptcy
If we reorganize or transfer all or a portion of our assets, undergo a merger, or are acquired by another entity, we may transfer your information to the successor entity. If we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, your information would be an asset transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and that the transferee may decline to honor commitments we made in this Privacy Policy.
We are not responsible for the actions of third parties with whom you share personal or sensitive data, and we have no authority to manage or control third-party solicitations made by others to you. If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails or other communications from third parties, you are responsible for contacting the third party directly.
TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Website Analytics
We may also partner with selected third-party vendors, such as Google Analytics, to allow tracking technologies and remarketing services on the Site through the use of first party cookies and third-party cookies, to, among other things, analyze and track users’ use of the Site, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. By accessing the Site, you consent to the collection and use of your information by these third-party vendors. You are encouraged to review their privacy policy and contact them directly for responses to your questions. We do not transfer Personal Data or Financial Data to these third-party vendors, except potentially if they are also entities to whom we share it for limited purposes as stated above. However, if you do not want any information to be collected and used by tracking technologies, you can visit the third party vendor or Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out Tool or Digital Advertising Alliance Opt-Out Tool to accomplish that.
You should be aware that getting a new computer, installing a new browser, upgrading an existing browser, or erasing or otherwise altering your browser’s cookies files may also clear certain opt-out cookies, plug-ins, or settings.
THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES
The Site may contain links to third-party websites and applications of interest, including advertisements and external services, that are not affiliated with us. Once you have used these links to leave the Site, any information that you provide to these third parties is not covered by this Privacy Policy, and we cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of your information. Before visiting and providing any information to any third-party websites, you should inform yourself of the privacy policies and practices (if any) of the third party responsible for that website, and should take those steps necessary to, in your discretion, protect the privacy of your information. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other sites, services or applications that may be linked to or from the Site.
GOOGLE MAPS
This website uses Google Maps APIs. You may find the Google Maps APIs Terms of Services here. To better understand Google’s Privacy Policy, please refer to this link.
By using our Maps API Implementation, you agree to be bound by Google’s Terms of Service. We have no responsibility for or regarding your use of Google products.
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We use administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your personal information. While we have taken reasonable steps to secure the personal information you provide to us, please be aware that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse. Any information disclosed online is vulnerable to interception and misuse by unauthorized parties. Therefore, we cannot guarantee complete security if you provide personal information.
POLICY FOR CHILDREN
We do not knowingly solicit information from or market to children under the age of 13. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 13, please contact us using the contact information provided below. Photographs of children who are engaged in arts or other newsworthy activities are not considered to be “information” or “data” that will not be collected from children for purposes of this policy.
CONTACT US
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
ARTSFAIRFAX
2667 Prosperity Avenue
Suite A
Fairfax, VA 22031
United States
Phone: (703) 642-0862
Admin@artsfairfax.org