http://auroratheatre.org/index.php/misc/terms
Aurora Theatre Company
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy For Online and Electronic Use
Aurora Theatre Company is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of its online guests, customers, members, donors, and friends. We do not collect personally identifiable information about individuals—such as their names and postal and/or email addresses—except when it is knowingly provided by such individuals. We believe that maintaining privacy on the web is very important and we hope you will read this privacy policy carefully so that you will clearly understand both our commitment to you and your privacy and our method of collecting and using information. This privacy policy only applies to transactions made, and data gathered, on the Auroratheatre.org website and does not apply to any other Web site. The terms of this privacy policy shall govern all interactions with Aurora Theatre Company through either Aurora's website or email. A link to the privacy policy can be found on Aurora's home page and on every page on Aurora's website. By using Aurora’s website or communicating with Aurora by email, you agree to the terms of this privacy policy.
Information Provided by Visitors When You Register on the Aurora Theatre Company Web site
You may use Aurora Theatre Company’s website without registering or submitting any personally identifiable information.
When You Make a Donation or Purchase a Subscription Online
Aurora will ask you to provide personally identifiable information necessary to process and service your Subscription and/or donation that may include your name, billing and shipping postal addresses, telephone number, email address, and credit card number. When you make a donation or purchase a Subscription online, your credit card information will be temporarily stored on a secured server. We will retain the personally identifiable information you provided for our records and to facilitate customer service. You may also be asked for additional information required to complete and service your request.
How Aurora Theatre Company Uses Information Provided by Visitors
Aurora never shares with third parties any email address you provide when purchasing a Subscription or making a donation online, through the mail, in person, or on the telephone except as required by law. Subscriber and Donor names are deleted from Aurora’s mailing list when it is shared with other companies. Aurora Theatre Company will occasionally share constituent mailing addresses with other theater companies for one-time-only usage to promote discounts to other theatrical events. If you do not wish to have your address shared, please contact us at 510-843-4822.
Information Collected Automatically (Cookies)
This website automatically collects some non-personally identifiable information about you when you request pages through your browser. We place cookies on website visitors' computers to collect aggregate information for site traffic analysis, such as the number of visitors and the number of pages viewed. (Cookies are small files that reside in a visitor's browser.) The aggregate information we collect through cookies helps Aurora Theatre Company monitor how you and other visitors use the site, allowing us to provide an optimal experience and better service; this information is never used to identify you personally. However, Aurora's website has been designed to provide nearly full functionality without the use of cookies. You can set your web browser to reject cookies, but you will lose the ability to place an item in your shopping basket online.
Children Under Thirteen Years of Age
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under thirteen years of age.
Email Communications
Emails and Newsletters Aurora Theatre Company regularly sends email newsletters to our registered email subscribers. On occasion, Aurora may send emails to individuals such as registrants and members who have provided us with their email address, informing them of Aurora events or promotions we think might be of interest to them. Aurora also sends promotional emails to customers and those individuals who have requested a brochure. Email recipients may always opt out of any email category at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions included in the email message.
"Email a Friend" Feature If you use Aurora's "Send this page to a friend" feature, your friend's email address will not be retained on our website or used in any way by Aurora.
Emailing Aurora Theatre Company Aurora Theatre Company tries to respond to email messages requiring a response within seven business days. We try to respond to customer service inquiries related to a purchase within forty-eight hours. If you email Aurora, your message and email address will be forwarded to the appropriate department within Aurora. Aurora may choose to save this information. Aurora is pleased to hear from you. However, any message, material, business information, ideas, concepts, unsolicited scripts, or other information sent to Aurora by email will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary.
Data Security
Aurora Theatre Company makes every reasonable effort to ensure that all of the transactions that occur on our website are secure. All credit card numbers submitted to the site are encrypted using "Secure Socket Layer" (SSL) encryption. SSL technology is an industry standard for protecting sensitive information as it is transmitted over the Internet. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and administrative procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Third-Party Service Providers
Aurora Theatre Company may engage reputable third-party vendors in order to help us manage our website and allow us to better service our visitors and customers. These may include third-party vendors engaged to analyze, for marketing purposes, the information collected on our website. Aurora requires its vendors by contract to maintain the confidentiality and security of Theatre information to which they are provided access and restricts the vendors from using the information in any way not expressly authorized by Aurora. Aurora's site may contain links to other websites such as our third-party vendors. Once you leave Aurora's website, this privacy policy will not apply.
Contact Information
If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy, please contact: Aurora Theatre Company 2081 Addison Street Berkeley, CA 94704 Email: webmaster [at] auroratheatre.org Telephone: 510-843-4042
Changes to Privacy Policy
Aurora Theatre Company may revise its privacy policy at any time. We encourage you to visit this page periodically to review our current policy so that you will always know what information we gather and how we may use that information.
Update effective July 12, 2012