http://bafra.org.uk/privacy-policy-and-legal-information/
Privacy policy and legal information - British Antique Furniture Restorers' Association
Navigation
Share this page:FacebookPinterestTwitterLinkedin
British Antique Furniture Restorers' Association
Furniture conservation and restoration
Home
Main menuHome
About
Find a BAFRA Restorer
Accredited Restorers
Overseas members
Specialist Members
Training and Events
News
Articles
For sale/wanted
Vacancies
Contact
Return to Content
You are here: Home › Privacy policy and legal information
Privacy policy and legal information
Your privacy & Cookies
This website uses cookies.
A cookie is a small file, typically of letters and numbers, downloaded on to a device (like your computer or smart phone) when you accesses certain websites.
Cookies allow a website to recognise a user’s device.
Some cookies help websites to remember choices you make (e.g. which language you prefer if you use the Google Translate feature). Analytical cookies are to help us measure the number of visitors to a website. The two types we use are ‘Session’ and ‘Persistent’ cookies. Some cookies are temporary and disappear when you close your web browser, others may remain on your computer for a set period of time.
BAFRA does not knowingly collect or intend to collect any personal information about you using cookies. BAFRA do not share your personal information with anyone.
What can I do to manage cookies on my devices?
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
What cookies do we use?
Our website sets the following cookies:
Temporary or Session cookies:
Name
What it does
Who or what sets the cookie
_utmc
This cookie is used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookie collects information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Google
Click here for an overview of privacy at Google
wordpress_test_cookie
This is a test cookie and expires when the browser closes.
Our website
Persistent cookies
Name
What it does
Who or what sets the cookie
How long is it set for?
_ga
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Google
Click here for an overview of privacy at Google
From 15 minutes to 2 years
If you are concerned about cookies and would like to ask further questions please do not hesitate to write to us headoffice@bafra.org.uk
Share this:Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
Search this website
Why choose a BAFRA member? Our members are all established businesses who are fully accredited and work to the highest standards and ethics. Read more…
Join BAFRA Membership of BAFRA
Membership Fees
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Privacy Policy
© 2020 British Antique Furniture Restorers' Association. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy and Legal information | Website design Dewar Green