https://balletwest.org/privacy-policy
Home—Privacy Policy—
Privacy Policy
Ballet West knows that you care how your information is used, and we appreciate your trust that we will use it carefully and sensibly. This notice describes the Ballet West Privacy Policy.
By visiting the Ballet West website or submitting your information to us or any of our staff, you are consenting to the terms and conditions of the policy, and to our processing personal information for the purposes stated below.
Section 1 – What Personal Information Does Ballet West Collect?
“Personal Information” is information that identifies you personally, such as your name, address, telephone number, and email address. We collect and store the personally identifiable information that you have provided us.  Here are some examples of ways in which we may collect your information.
When you request information via one of the email addresses identified on our website or otherwise contact us in person, by phone or email, with a question.  We may then collect your name, address and email in order to respond to that inquiry.
We may collect your name, email address and other contact information if you purchase tickets for a performance
We may collect your name, email address and other contact information if you register for an event.
We may collect your name, email address, telephone number and payment information when you make a contribution, either on our website, over the phone or by mailing in a check.
The above list provides a sample of personal information that may be collected by Ballet West.  From time to time, we may collect personal information from you in ways not described above.
Information You Provide.  Ballet West receives and stores information you enter, with the exception of bankcard information.  Only the last four digits of your bankcard are stored for the purpose of order confirmation.
You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of some of our features.  Ballet West uses the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our website, and communicating with you.  In addition, if you choose, Ballet West may share your information with other companies who provide goods or services that you are interested in.  Please see the “opt-in/opt-out” selection in Section 4 of this policy.
Cookies. Like many websites, Ballet West use “cookies”.  Cookies are small programs that Ballet West transfers to your hard drive that allow us to recognize you and to provide you with a customized shopping experience.  If you do not want us to use cookies, you can easily disable them by going to the toolbar of your Web browser, and clicking on the “help” button.  Follow the instructions that will prevent the browser from accepting cookies, or set the browser to inform you when you receive a new cookie.  In addition, you may visit this and other Websites anonymously through the use of utilities provided by other private companies.
Other Information. Every computer has an IP (Internet Protocol) address.  IP addresses of computers used to visit this site are noted.  In addition, Ballet West automatically collect other information such as email addresses, browser types, operating systems, and the URL addresses of sites clicked to and from this site.
Information from Other Sources.  Ballet West might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information.  This may include updated delivery and address information from our shippers or other sources so that Ballet West can correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily.
Section 2 – How Does Ballet West Use Your Information
We will not sell, trade, or share your personal information, collected on the website or through any other business activities with anyone else.
We will only share your personal information if you give us specific permission to do so.
We will collect payment information, billing address and other information necessary to process a donation or event registration.
We will use your information to comply with the law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to conform to the requirements of law or comply with legal process served on us, protect and defend our rights or act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of others.
We will use the personal information you have provided to protect against potential fraud.  We may verify with third parties the information collected in the course of processing a gift, event registration or other donation.  If you use a credit or debit card on the website, we may use card authorization and fraud screening services to verify that your card information and address matches the information that you supplied to us and that the card being used has not been reported lost or stolen.
You have the right to review information that we have collected about you.  To do so, please contact us in writing at Director of Development, Ballet West, 52 West 200 South, Salt Lake City, UT 84101.  You may also email us at privacy@balletwest.org.
Except as described in this Privacy Policy or at the time we request the information, we do not otherwise disclose your personal information to any third parties.  Further, Ballet West will not sell or trade your personally identifiable information to any third parties.
Please also note the following:
Customized Shopping.  Ballet West uses your information to better serve you by providing a customized shopping experience.  As noted above, you may “opt-out” of this customization, or even visit and shop anonymously.
Agents. Ballet West employs other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, and processing bankcard payments. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
Special Offers.  Ballet West may send you special offers from time to time, unless you choose to “opt-out” of receiving such offers.  In addition, Ballet West may also send you special offers from other companies.  Again, you may “opt-out”.  If Ballet West send you offers from other businesses, Ballet West do not share your personal information with them.  The offers come directly through us.  Please see the “opt-in/opt-out” selection at the end of this policy.
Business Transfers. Customer information generally is a transferable business assets. In the unlikely event that Ballet West is acquired, customer information will be one of the transferred assets.
Law Enforcement.   If Ballet West receives a lawful court order to release account or other personal information then Ballet West will comply with the law.  Ballet West will also release information when necessary to protect the life, safety or property of others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Section 3 – How Does Ballet West Protect the Security of Your Information?
Ballet West works to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.
Ballet West uses encryption to protect your information contained in our customer list.
Ballet West uses a firewall to protect against unlawful intrusion.
Ballet West limits access to your information on a “need to know” basis.
Ballet West does not store your bankcard information. During processing, your bankcard number is never captured, and is always authorized from a secure gateway.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
No system can guarantee absolute security, just as the finest lock can not guarantee physical security.  However, Ballet West takes every reasonable precaution to assure that your data is secure.
Section 4 – Your Choice:  Opt-in or Opt-out.
Opt-in/Opt-out Options:
Please send me email or other mail informing me of special offers of your products or services.
Please do not send me email or other mail informing me of special offers of your products or services.
Please send me email or other mail informing me of special offers of related products or services from other companies.
Please do not send me email or other mail informing me of special offers of related products or services from other companies.
It is your choice whether to receive emails or special offers from us or others.  If you wish to Opt-in or Opt-out please fax, email or mail your choice from the above options to:
Ballet West
52 West 200 South
Salt Lake City, UT 84101
Fax: 801-359-3504
Email: privacy@balletwest.org
Section 5 – Other Websites
Various websites may be linked to from this site.  If you visit another site that is linked from the Ballet West website, your privacy depends on the policy of that site and is no longer dependent on the Ballet West privacy policy.  Ballet West is not responsible for the content or policies of other websites.
Section 6 – Contact Us
If you would like to learn more about our privacy policy, or to access your personally identifiable information, you may contact us at privacy@balletwest.org.  You will be required to provide identifier information to assure that this information is not released to others.
Ballet West reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy from time to time.  When we do, we will note the last update at the bottom of the policy.
Revised May 25, 2018
Upcoming Events
The Nutcracker – KSL Broadcast
December 24 – January 1
Romeo and Juliet
February 12 – February 20
Updates & NewsEXPLORE THE BALLET WEST NUTCRACKER BOUTIQUE… ONLINE!3 days agoBALLET WEST KEEPS THE NUTCRACKER HOLIDAY TRADITION ALIVE DESPITE PANDEMIC3 weeks agoBALLET WEST RETURNS TO THE STAGE WITH TWYLA THARP’S NINE SINATRA SONGS2 months agoEmail UpdatesSign up for our email updates and receive exclusive specials, news, and information.
Email
First Name
Last Name
Subscribe
Follow Us
ContactSEASON SUBSCRIPTIONS
801•869•6900
SINGLE TICKETS
801•869•6900
Ballet West Patron Services
or ArtTix.org
JANET QUINNEY LAWSON
CAPITOL THEATRE
50 west 200 south
Salt Lake City UT 84101
Season Sponsors
WordPress Image Lightbox Plugin