https://bandzoogle.com/terms/privacy-policy
Terms: Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Copyright Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Modified: June 18, 2018
Applicability
This policy applies to visitors to the www.bandzoogle.com (the "Website") who access or view the Website. If you are a European Union person and present in the European Union when you access the Website please refer to the European Union Privacy Addendum.
Introduction
Sitezoogle Inc. d/b/a Bandzoogle.com (the "Company", "us" or "we") respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the Website, and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This policy applies to information we collect:
On the Website.
In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and the Website.
Through mobile and desktop applications, if any, that you download from the Website.
When you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy.
Through any other means associated with or relating to the Website.
This policy does not apply to information collected by:
us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by the Company or any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries); or
any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to the terms of this privacy policy, including as they may be amended from time to time.
This policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Children Under the Age of 13
Our Website is not intended for children under eighteen (18) years of age. No one under age eighteen (18) may provide any personal information to us or on or through the Website.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen (13). If you are under thirteen (13), do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features or register on the Website (if such feature is available), make any purchases through the Website (if such feature is available), use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Website (if such feature is available) or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use.
If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under thirteen (13) years of age without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information.
If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under the age of thirteen (13), please contact us at info@bandzoogle.com.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We may collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information:
by which you may be personally identified, such as name, mailing address, e-mail address, telephone number, or ANY OTHER INFORMATION THE WEBSITE COLLECTS THAT IS DEFINED AS PERSONAL OR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW (collectively, "personal information");
that is about you but individually does not identify you, such as the geographic location from which you accessed the Website; and
about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website, your browsing history, and usage details.
We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us;
Automatically as you navigate through the Website. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, geolocation information, and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies; and
From third parties, for example, our business partners.
Information We Collect About You
The information we collect on or about you may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of creating an account (if such a feature is available), subscribing to a service, or requesting further services or information from us.
Information you provide to us or we acquire from your network or computing device when you report a problem with our Website and as we troubleshoot and work on the problem you reported.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.
Any comments and information you provide to us when you use the "Contact" feature of our Website.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete.
Details of transactions you carry out on or through our Website.
Your search queries on the Website.
Information that our business partners collect about you, such as services you have signed up to receive, or products you have purchased, in each case which are related to our business.
Information you provide when you contact our customer service agents, if available.
Any other information you provide to us, or we collect throughout your usage of or access to our Website, which we collect for a business purpose.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies.
As you navigate through and interact with our Website and mobile applications, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about you, your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.
Information about your computer or mobile device and about your internet connection, including your IP address, mobile device identifier, your operating system, browser type, and the name of your mobile carrier.
We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking).
The information we collect automatically is statistical data and may also include personal information, or we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our services and our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our Website.
Analyze our services and products and perform market research.
When you visit or leave our Website by clicking a hyperlink or when you view a third-party site that includes our plugins or cookies (or similar technology), we automatically receive the URL of the site from which you came or the one to which you are directed.
We may also receive location data passed to us from third-party services or GPS-enabled devices that you have set up, which we may use to show you local information on our mobile applications and for fraud prevention and security purposes. Most mobile devices allow you to prevent real time location data being sent to us, and of course we will honor your settings.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. Note that while you can set your browser to not allow cookies, we may not be able to honor that request, and may track your activity and collect information about you and your online activities even when the browser is set to "do not track",
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies and you may not be able to shut down our collection of and use of information through this technology.
Web Beacons. Pages of our Website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
Analytics Providers
We use third party analytics providers including Google Analytics, a service provided by Google, Inc. to analyze traffic and activity patterns on our Website. This data is utilized to track and examine the use of our Website and to prepare reports for us based on your activities online, among other uses. Analytics tools track many variables, including what website you visited prior to coming to our Website, how long you stay on a particular page, and your geographic location.
Do Not Track
Do Not Track ("DNT") is a concept promoted by certain regulatory authorities and industry groups for development and implementation of a mechanism that would allow internet users to control the tracking of their online activities across websites. Currently, various browsers (including Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Safari) offer a DNT option that allows a user to set a preference in the browser to not have his/her activities on the internet tracked. You can usually access your browser's DNT option in your browser's preferences. When a user's browser is set to DNT, some cookies and other tracking technologies may become inactive, depending on how the website visited responds to DNT browser settings. If that occurs, the website visited will not recognize you upon return to that website, save your passwords or user names, and some other features of a website may become unavailable or not function properly.
At this time, our Website does not respond to "DNT" settings on your browser.
Third-Party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Website may be served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our Website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
How We Use Your Information
We may use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Website and its contents to you.
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To provide you with notices about your account and/or the Website.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection, if needed.
To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website, if any.
To develop and create our products and services.
For behavioral tracking.
For any other purpose as needed for our business.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
To contact you about our own and third-parties' goods and services that we think may be of interest to you.
To enable us to display advertisements to our advertisers' target audiences.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and assist us in providing services and offering our products.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of the Company's assets or stock, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by the Company about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
To third parties to market their products or services to you.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including responding to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply the Terms of Use, including this Privacy Policy, and any other agreements between us, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of the Company, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, known as the "Shine The Light" law, permits our customers who are California residents to request and obtain from us a list of what personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year and the names and addresses of those third parties. Requests may be made only once a year and are free of charge. We currently do not share any personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
Note that, as stated in the 'Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies' Section above, we may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking).
Please also see the "Do Not Track" Section above for information on how our Website responds to your browser's "do not track" settings.
Data Security
We have implemented physical and electronic measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone and to change your password from time to time. We also highly recommend that you use a password that is dissimilar to and cannot be easily found by unauthorized third parties who may have obtained your login credentials to other sites. Keep in mind that if you use the same password for all websites, if someone obtains your credentials for one site, they may be able to then use those credentials to log into any other site you use.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we try to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted through or collected through the use of our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk.
We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you by email to the email address specified in your account. We may also post a notice on the Website home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at: info@bandzoogle.com.
European Union Privacy Addendum
This Addendum to our Privacy Policy applies to you only if accessing the Website from within the confines of the European Union.
Additional Information requirements pursuant to Art. 13 GDPR (EU General Data Protection Regulation)
Bandzoogle.com ("we"/"us") is the responsible data controller of the website located at www.bandzoogle.com (the "Website") pursuant to Article 4 (7) EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We are located at 1608 S. Ashland Ave #92842, Chicago, IL, USA 60608-2013. You can contact our data protection team at privacy@bandzoogle.com or at our postal address with the addition "Data protection".
You have the following rights towards us with regard to your personal data: Right to information, Right to correction or deletion, Right to restriction of processing, Right to refusal of processing, Right to data portability. You also have the right to lodge a complaint about our processing of your personal data with a competent data protection regulatory body.
If you have agreed to the processing of your data for consent based services like the newsletter, you can revoke this at any time. After you have pronounced it to us, the revocation influences the permissibility of processing your personal data.
If we base the processing of your personal information on consideration of interests, you can revoke your consent to processing. This is the case, in particular, if processing is not necessary for fulfilment of a contract with you, which is always outlined by us in the subsequent description of the functions. When exercising the right of revocation, we ask you to cite the reasons why we should not process your personal information as we have previously done. In the case of a justified revocation, we will examine the situation and either stop or adjust the data processing or convey to you our protection-worthy and necessary reasons for continuing the processing.
Of course, you can revoke consent to the processing of your personal data for advertising and data analysis purposes at any time. You can inform us of your advertising revocation at the following contact:
Adam Percy
1608 S. Ashland Avenue
Chicago, IL 60608-2013
privacy@bandzoogle.com
Use of Google Analytics
This Website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", text files that are stored on your computer and which enable an analysis of your use of the website. The information about your use of this Website generated by the cookie is generally transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. However, if IP anonymization is activated on this Website, your IP address will first be shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or other contracting member states of the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the complete IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. On behalf of the operator of this Website, Google will use this information in order to evaluate your use of the Website, to compile reports about website activities and to provide further services connected with Website use and internet use for the Website operator.
The IP address transmitted from your browser within Google Analytics is not connected with other data from Google.
You can prevent the storage of cookies by configuring your browser software accordingly; please note, however, that in this case you may not be able to use all the functions of this Website to their full extent. In addition, you can prevent the capture of data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the Website (including your IP address) for Google and the processing of these data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
This Website uses Google Analytics with the extension "_anonymizeIp()". This ensures that IP addresses are further processed in shortened form, which excludes the possibility of personal association. Any personal connection to the data collected about you will therefore be immediately excluded and the personal data will be immediately deleted.
We use Google Analytics in order to analyze use of our Website and regularly improve it. We use the statistics obtained to improve our products and make them more interesting to you as a user. For the exceptional cases in which personal data are transmitted to the USA, Google has committed itself to the EU-US Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework. The legal basis for the use of Google Analytics is Article 6 Section (1)(f) of the GDPR.
Information about the third-party provider: Google Dublin, Google Ireland Ltd., Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Fax: +353 (1) 436 1001. Terms of use: http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html; overview of data protection: http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/learn/privacy.html, and the Data Protection Statement: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy.
This website also uses Google Analytics for a cross-device analysis of visitor flows which is carried out by means of a user ID. You can deactivate the cross-device analysis of your use in your customer account under "My data" – "Personal data".
Use of Google Adwords Conversion
We use the service provided by Google Adwords in order to draw attention to our attractive offers with the aid of advertising materials (so-called Google Adwords) on external websites. In relation to the data from the advertising campaigns, we can determine how successful the individual advertising measures are. Our interest here is in showing you advertising which interests you, in making our website more interesting for you and achieving a fair calculation of advertising costs.
These advertising materials are delivered by Google via so-called "ad servers". For this purpose, we use ad server cookies, by means of which certain parameters for success measurement, such as the fading in of advertisements or clicks by the user, can be measured. If you arrive at our website via a Google advertisement, a cookie is stored on your PC by Google Adwords. These cookies generally expire after 30 days and are not intended to identify you personally. For this cookie, the following analysis values are generally stored: the unique cookie ID, number of ad impressions per placement (frequency), last impression (relevant for post-view conversions) and opt-out information (indication that the user no longer wishes to be contacted).
These cookies enable Google to recognise your internet browser. If a user visits particular pages on the website of an Adwords customer and the cookie stored on his computer has not yet expired, Google and the customer can recognise that the user has clicked on the advertisement and was redirected to this page. A different cookie is allocated to each Adwords customer. Cookies cannot, therefore, be traced via the websites of Adwords customers. We ourselves do not collect or process any personal data during the advertising measures named above. We merely obtain statistical evaluations from Google. On the basis of these evaluations, we can determine which of the advertising measures used are particularly effective. We do not receive any further data from the deployment of advertising materials; in particular, we cannot identify the users by means of this information.
On the basis of the marketing tools used, your browser automatically establishes a direct connection to Google's server. We have no influence on the scope and further use of the data that are collected by Google through use of these tools and are therefore informing you based on our state of knowledge: by integrating AdWords Conversion, Google obtains the information that you have called up the corresponding part of our internet presence or have clicked on an advertisement of ours. If you are registered with a Google service, Google can associate the visit with your account. Even if you are not registered with Google or are not logged in, there is the possibility that the provider can learn your IP address and store it.
You can prevent participation in this tracking procedure in various ways: a) by configuring your browser software accordingly; in particular, suppressing third-party cookies means that you will not receive advertisements from third parties; b) by deactivating the cookies for conversion tracking by configuring your browser so that cookies from the domain "www.googleadservices.com" are blocked, https://www.google.com/settings/ads, whereby this configuration is deleted when you delete your cookies; c) by deactivating the interest-related advertisements by the providers which are part of the self-regulating campaign "About Ads", via the link http://www.aboutads.info/choices, whereby this configuration is deleted when you delete your cookies; d) by permanent deactivation in your browsers Firefox, Internet Explorer or Google Chrome at the link http://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin. Please note that in this case, you may not be able to use all the functions of this online presence to their full extent.
The legal basis for the processing of your data is Article 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. f GDPR. You can find further information on data protection at Google here: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy and https://services.google.com/sitestats/en.html. Alternatively, you can visit the website of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) at http://www.networkadvertising.org. Google has committed to the EU-US Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.
Use of Facebook Pixel
We use the "visitor action pixels" from Facebook Inc (1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA, or, if you are based in the EU, Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland ("Facebook")) on our website.
This allows user behavior to be tracked after they have been redirected to the provider's website by clicking on a Facebook ad. This enables us to measure the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes. The data collected in this way is anonymous to us, i.e. we do not see the personal data of individual users. However, this data is stored and processed by Facebook, which is why we are informing you, based on our knowledge of the situation. Facebook may link this information to your Facebook account and also use it for its own promotional purposes, in accordance with Facebook's Data Usage Policy https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/. You can allow Facebook and its partners to place ads on and off Facebook. A cookie may also be stored on your computer for these purposes.
The legal basis for the use of this service is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR. You can object to the collection of your data by Facebook pixel, or to the use of your data for the purpose of displaying Facebook ads by contacting the following address: https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads.
Facebook is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement and thus guarantees compliance with European data protection legislation (https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000GnywAAC&status=Active).
Use of Live Chat by SnapEngage
Every website user may use the option to Click Live Chat on our Website and talk to a support person. By using the service the following data is being processed: Name, E-Mail Address, IP Address, Geolocation. We delete that data after one year. Paid members can use a live chat option. Again Name, E-Mail Address, IP Address, Geolocation is processed as well as domain, user ID and timestamp. The reason why we collect this data is to be able to provide technical support and keep a history of the support, questions and reference. We delete the data for members 3 years after they cancel for paid members.
Before using the service you are being asked to acknowledge that the controller of your personal data is SnapEngage LLC with its registered office in 1722 14th St Suite 220, Boulder, CO 80302, USA, and with customer service agents located in the USA and in Germany. SnapEngage LLC processes your personal data in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). They are self-certified under Privacy Shield. For more information please visit their GDPR information on the website https://snapengage.com/gdpr-compliant-live-chat/.
Start your 30 day free trial
Need help?