https://bannertheatre.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Cookie policy - Banner Theatre
Skip to content
Toggle Navigation
Banner Theatre
Menu
Core Funding Appeal 2020
Current Work
In Repertoire
Future Projects
Tour Dates
About Us
The Company
People
Job Vacancies
History
Origins and Practice
Past Projects
Past Members
Shop
Music / CDs
Video / DVDs
Digital Downloads
Contact Us
Contact Us
Book us
Cookie policy
What is a cookie?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user’s device.
You can find more information about cookies at:
www.allaboutcookies.org
www.youronlinechoices.eu
For a video about cookies visit a look at cookies
Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improve the user experience. The cookies used on this website have been categorised based on the categories found in the ICC UK Cookie guide.
Category 3: functionality cookies
These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. For instance, a website may be able to provide you with local weather reports or traffic news by storing in a cookie the region in which you are currently located. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
By using our website, you agree that we can place these type of cookies on your device.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Share this:FacebookTwitterLinkedInMoreTumblrPinterestReddit
© 2020 Banner Theatre – Registered Charity Number 510316
By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. more information AcceptThe cookie settings on this website are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best browsing experience possible. If you continue to use this website without changing your cookie settings or you click "Accept" below then you are consenting to this.Close