http://barberusa.com/terms-of-service
Not Found
The requested URL index.php was not found on this server.
Apache/2.2.22 (Linux) Server at Port 80
1
865.388.5296
philbarbertn@gmail.com
Search Speakers
Categories
FUTURE TRENDS  (8)
HEALTH CARE  (2)
LEADERSHIP  (2)
MOTIVATIONAL  (2)
Olympians  (0)
Personal Finance  (0)
Personal Security  (0)
Political Pundits  (0)
Safety  (0)
Sales Trainers  (0)
Space Exploration  (0)
Sports Celebrities  (0)
Sports Commentators  (0)
TEAM BUILDING  (1)
Team Building  (1)
Technology  (0)
Technology  (0)
Terrorism  (0)
Time Management  (0)
Trade  (0)
White Collar & Corporate Fraud  (0)
Womens Issues  (0)
TERMS OF SERVICE
All users of this website are deemed to have reviewed and accepted our Copyright Notice, Terms of Service and Use, Disclaimer, and Privacy Policy.
If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following Terms of Service and Use,  which together with our Privacy Policy, Copyright Notice, and Disclaimer  Barber & Associates relationship with you in relation to the Barberandassociates.com website.
If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use this website.
The terms “Barber & Associates”, “us”, “we”, or “our” refers to the owner of the website whose office is in Knoxville, Tennessee.
The term “you” or “your” refers to the user or viewer of our website. Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws  of the United States of America and the State of Tennessee.
The content of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change, but we will post a notice on the website if we change these terms.
The use of this website is also subject to the following terms of use:
USER CONDUCT:
User may not use the site to harass, threaten, impersonate, or intimidate other users.
Users may not contribute any content that is infringing, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, abusive, or offensive or information known to be false, misleading, or untrue.
Users may not contribute any content that violates any law or right of any third party or use the site for any illegal or unauthorized purpose.
Users may not create or submit any unwanted e-mail (spam) to any other user or any URL.
Users may not use the site to support multilevel marketing schemes or off-topic content.
With the exception of feeds, users may not use any robot, spider, scraper, or other automated means to gain access to the site for any purpose without our express written permission.
Users may not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the website infrastructure.
Users may not bypass any measures used to prevent or restrict access to the site.
BARBER & ASSOCIATES RIGHTS:
We reserve the right to remove any content or deactivate any user at any time.
Users grant a perpetual license to Barber & Associates for any content provided by the user on the site.
Users agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Barber & Associates, its owners, agents, and employees, from any third parties harmed or damaged by user’s violation of these Terms of Service and Use.
COPYRIGHT NOTICE:
Users are deemed to have reviewed and accepted our Copyright Notice.
This website and its content is copyright of Barber & Associates © 2015.
All rights reserved. All designs, writings and other materials that appear herein are intellectual property and proprietary information of Barber & Associates or the property of their respective owners.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics.
Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the Copyright Notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All photographs and videos reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are deemed covered under Fair Use.
Unauthorized use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offense.
DISCLAIMER:
Users are deemed to have reviewed and accepted our Disclaimer.
Barber & Associates does not necessarily agree with the opinions, statements, or actions of any comedian, speaker, entertainer or artist listed or depicted on the Barberandassociates.com website or blog.
All biographies, photographs, and videos of the comedians, speakers, and entertainers and all comments and blog posts, are purely the opinions and personal views of the authors and are not supported or endorsed by Barber & Associates. All biographies, photographs, and videos of the comedians, speakers, and entertainers and all comments and blog posts, may contain inaccuracies or mistakes.
Barber & Associates has drafted content in, and intends all content for, the English language. Barber & Associates and its owners’, agents’, and employees’ opinions are not intended to malign any religion, ethnic group, club, organization, company, or individual.
We provide no warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness, or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable.
It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites.
These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information.
They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
OUR BLOG IS A PUBLIC FORUM:
Any information posted to our blog, social media or any other public areas of websites or the internet automatically becomes public information.
We suggest you exercise caution in submitting personal information in these public areas.
SECURITY:
Barber & Associates and our web hosting service take numerous steps to protect and uphold the security and integrity of the information we collect. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to guard your nonpublic personal information. This includes, but is not limited to, encryption of data transferred to us by users, storage of data in a secure environment, policies and procedures set forth to safeguard such data, and employee dedication to adhering to these policies and procedures. Nevertheless, no data can be guaranteed 100% secure during transmission, so we cannot ensure the full security of information transferred to us. However, in the unlikely event your information is compromised by a third party, Barber & Associates will comply with law enforcement officials to facilitate the investigation of the breach.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY:
Barber & Associates website is not designed to attract the collection of information from children under the age of 13.
We ask that children under the age of 13 not submit any personal information to us while viewing Barberandassociates.com.
Individuals between 13 and 18 years of age must obtain parental or guardian consent before using Barberandassociates.com.
QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS:
Feel free to contact Barber & Associates by telephone at 865-388-5296, or through our contact form. We are here to be of assistance.
All users of this website are deemed to have reviewed and accepted our policies on privacy, copyright, terms of use, and disclaimer of liability.