http://barefootpuppets.com/contact-us/privacy-policy/
Navigation
Home
MainHome
About
Mission, Vision & Values
History
Frequently Asked Questions
Testimonials
Barefoot Bios
Heidi Rugg
Sam Rugg
Shows
In-Person Performances for 2021
Virtual Performances & Workshops
Adventures with Priscilla
All Shows
Dreamtime, Tales from Down Under
Galapagos George
Little by Little – NEW
Little Red & the Gingerbread Man
Ooey Gooey Poetry
The Little ‘Bread’ Hen
Vegetables Destiny
Wriggling Brothers Circus
Workshops
Virtual Workshops
Happenings
Calendar
Contact
Media Kit
Privacy Policy
Return to Content
Privacy Policy (as of May 2018)
Barefoot Puppet Theatre only collects data for the following reasons:
To be able to contact customers or potential customers who have initiated contact with Barefoot Puppet Theatre.
To share our e-newsletter with those who have indicated a desire to receive it.
Barefoot Puppet Theatre stores personal data in the following ways:
On a secure cloud, hosted by 17 Hats, who is our data processor. They do not use this information or share it with others.
Our newsletter contacts are all stored on Mailchimp, but only used for our newsletters. You may opt out at any time.
Barefoot Puppet Theatre only stores the following information:
For our newsletter, we store an email address and, when provided, a name.
For our contacts, we store email address(es), name, organization name, zip code, physical address (when needed), email correspondence related to events/bookings, and dates of any booked performances.
Customers/contacts can opt out at any time by:
Sending an email to us to be deleted from our main database, secured by 17 Hats. Please note that this will also not allow us to work with you as a vendor.
Unsubscribing to our newletter via the unsubscribe link provided by Mailchimp.
EU GDPR Compliance:
Barefoot Puppet Theatre only operates within the United States. According to our current data, all of our contacts currently reside in the United States.
Final Thoughts:
We do not share your information with any third parties. Not even a little bit.
By sharing your data with us, you are authorizing us to utilize your data in the ways that are stated above.
You can opt out at any time. You can update your information at any time. If you have questions, please email us or call us at 804-358-3377.
© Barefoot Puppets 2020 . All rights reserved.