https://barrueco.com/pages/privacy
ManuelBarrueco
Home
News
Biography
Podcasts
Reviews
CDs
Publications
Videos
Photos
Contact
Privacy Policy and Statement
Barrueco.com created this Privacy Statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to your online privacy. This Privacy Statement discloses our information gathering and disseminating practices for the website at www.barrueco.com ("Website").
Privacy Policy. Barrueco.com strongly believes in protecting the privacy and confidentiality of personally identifiable information that refers or relates to our customers -- we explain what information we collect about our customers, how we use the information we collect, how we protect the security and confidentiality of such information, and what you should do if you have any questions or comments. Our commitment to you is clear, except as detailed under the "Transfer of Business" section below, Barrueco.com does not sell, license or rent any personally identifiable information about you to any third party without your consent and will take reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality of personally identifiable information you provide to us. By providing personally identifiable information about yourself or other persons to Barrueco.com: (i) you hereby grant your consent to Barrueco.com to make use of the information you provide as permitted under this Privacy Statement and as permitted by applicable law, and (ii) you represent and warrant that you are expressly authorized by such other persons to disclose to Barrueco.com personally identifiable information about such other person. You agree to and shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Barrueco.com and our employees, directors, affiliates, subsidiaries and clients against all third party claims and all related costs and expenses, including reasonable legal fees, arising out of or related to any breach by you of the above representations and warranties or this Privacy Statement.
General Use of This Website. Barrueco.com continually seeks to improve the Website so that we may better meet your needs. As part of this process, Barrueco.com collects information from our customers as well as data regarding your usage of this website. This information is used in the following ways:
By Barrueco.com - Barrueco.com may use the personally identifiable information that you provide to Barrueco.com (such as your name, address, phone and fax numbers, e-mail address, preferences and other similar types of information specific to you) to statistically analyze website usage and to improve the Website. In addition, Barrueco.com may use your email address, mailing address, phone or fax number to contact you regarding comments that you may have provided or information that you actively requested from Barrueco.com. Further, Barrueco.com may be required to disclose personally identifiable information by compulsion of law, such as a court or administrative order, regulation, search warrant or subpoena or discovery request.
Barrueco.com may also provide third parties with aggregate information regarding users of the website. For example, we might inform third parties regarding the number of unique page requests, unique users of our website and aggregate information on the types of the activities such users conducted while on our website. This aggregate information will not contain personal information that can be used to individually identify you.
By Third Parties - Barrueco.com provides no personally identifiable information about you collected through the website to any third party without your consent. Further, without your consent, we will use reasonable efforts to ensure that no third party will contact you using personally identifiable information you gave to us through the website.
What Type of Information is Collected?
If you choose to reach us through the Contact Us portion of the Website or email, you may be asked to provide such information as your name, address, email address, telephone and fax number, business name, business address, e-mail address, telephone and fax number. You may also be asked certain questions about you and/or your business, which will help Barrueco.com to better meet your needs and respond to your inquiries.
In addition to the above information, Barrueco.com may also collect information in the form of cookies. A cookie is a small data file that certain websites write to your hard drive when you visit the site. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that identifies your computer to the website. But cookies can only identify you as a unique, but anonymous, user of the website unless you choose to submit information about yourself.
Barrueco.com may use cookies as a mechanism for creating a user 'session,' identifying a unique user as he or she moves among pages of the website. Combined with website usage logging, Barrueco.com may track user website use patterns, such as whether you click on various links and promotions throughout the website. Barrueco.com may use the cookie information to identify you in its database and to track the pages you visit on the Barrueco.com website. Barrueco.com cannot read cookie files created by other sites, nor can other sites read information from cookies created by Barrueco.com without violating applicable law.
Security for Personally Identifiable Information. Barrueco.com takes the security of personally identifiable information very seriously. We use commercially reasonable efforts to secure web servers, networks, host operating systems and databases within our control against unauthorized access. Please remember that the security measures taken above are not foolproof; no website can guarantee that personally identifiable information will be protected in all situations. Therefore, Barrueco.com can only state that it will make a reasonable effort to protect from unauthorized access the information that you provide.
Updating Your Personal Information and Contacting Barrueco.com. You can always contact Barrueco.com in order to: (i) update the personally identifiable information that you have provided; or (ii) direct us to render inactive on our systems all personally identifiable information that refers or relates to you. We may be reached by telephone at +1-410-252 1776 or by returning to the website and filling out the Contact Us page. Please note that if you request us to delete personally identifiable information that you provided from our active use, we may still use aggregate information that contains nothing which can personally identify you, and some personally identifiable information that you provided may continue to reside on backup tapes and other non-active systems used for data restoration purposes. Such data stored on backup media will eventually be overwritten. We will not manually delete personally identifiable information that you provided from such backup media.
Changes to This Privacy Statement. Barrueco.com may change this Privacy Statement at any time by posting revisions to our website. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of the provisions of this Privacy Statement and your continued usage after such changes are posted constitutes acceptance of each revised Privacy Statement. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Statement or any revised policy, please exit this website immediately.
Terms of Use. This Privacy Statement co-exists with Barrueco.com's Terms of Use, and together both policies govern the general practices of this website. Barrueco.com encourages you to familiarize yourself with both policies. The website Terms of Use may be viewed here.
Transfer of Business. If Barrueco.com transfers any of its business, either by selling substantially all of its assets, merging, or by a stock sale or other sales transaction in which Barrueco.com effectively transfers substantially all of its business, Barrueco.com will also transfer all of its customer files to such purchaser. You hereby consent to the transfer of such information; provided however that Barrueco.com shall: (i) comply with all Federal Trade Commission rules and regulations; and (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to have the purchaser expressly agree to the obligations of Barrueco.com in this Privacy Statement. In addition, Barrueco.com may transfer personal information provided by you and aggregate information collected on this Website to a third party organization to which Barrueco.com outsources all or a portion of its backend office administration functions (an "Outsourcer"); provided that when Barrueco.com does this, it shall enter into an agreement with such Outsourcer whereby the Outsourcer covenants to maintain the confidentiality of all personal information in substantially the same manner as Barrueco.com has agreed to do in this Privacy Statement.
site by concepcion design ©2020 Manuel Barrueco All Rights Reserved.    Terms of Use    Privacy Policy
Subscribe/Follow:
Facebook Twitter Podcasts Newsletter