https://barringtonstageco.org/terms-conditions/
Skip to content
Loading...
Terms & Conditions
Terms & ConditionsBSC Admin2017-06-12T19:40:36-04:00
Barrington Stage Company Terms and Conditions (“Agreement”)
This Agreement was last modified on May 01, 2014.
Please read these Terms and Conditions (“Agreement”, “Terms and Conditions”) carefully before using https://barringtonstageco.org/ (“the Site”) operated by Barrington Stage Company (“us”, “we”, or “our”). This Agreement sets forth the legally binding terms and conditions for your use of the Site at https://barringtonstageco.org/.
By accessing or using the Site in any manner, including, but not limited to, visiting or browsing the Site or contributing content or other materials to the Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. Capitalized terms are defined in this Agreement.
Policies
All ticket sales are final. No refunds or cancellations. The venue has specific box office policies in place for season ticket holder, single ticket sales, exchanges and refunds. Accepting the terms and conditions means that the ticket purchaser also acknowledges and accepts all ticket policies.
Accessible Seating
If your ticket purchase includes seating designated as accessible (generally set aside for patrons under the Americans with Disabilities Act), you may be greeted by ushers near the seating area. If it is more appropriate to seat you elsewhere for any reason, you explicitly accept that you and your entire party may be reseated at the sole discretion of the venue into seats of our choosing and subject to availability on that performance.
Scalping, Secondary Market, or Problem Orders
We do not make ticket available to scalpers or the secondary market. We reserve the right to cancel your ticket purchase at any time and for any reason if we determine that there is a potential issue with your order or a risk to the venue (inclduing but not limited to financial, reputation or any other reason). Tickets cancelled by the venue more than 7 days prior to the performance will receive a full refund for the tickets.
This will be specifically enforced if you have any past history of disputing any sale.
Donations
All contributions are fully tax-deductible (less the value of benefits).
Intellectual Property
The Site and its original content, features and functionality are owned by Barrington Stage Company and are protected by international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.
Termination
We may terminate your access to the Site, without cause or notice, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with you. All provisions of this Agreement that by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, and limitations of liability.
Links To Other Sites
Our Site may contain links to third-party sites that are not owned or controlled by Barrington Stage Company.
Barrington Stage Company has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites or services. We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of any third-party site that you visit.
Governing Law
This Agreement (and any further rules, polices, or guidelines incorporated by reference) shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Massachusetts, United States, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.
Changes To This Agreement
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms and Conditions by posting the updated terms on the Site. Your continued use of the Site after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms and Conditions.
Please review this Agreement periodically for changes. If you do not agree to any of this Agreement or any changes to this Agreement, do not use, access or continue to access the Site or discontinue any use of the Site immediately.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Agreement, please contact us.
Generated with permission from TermsFeed Generator.
Terms & Conditions
Upcoming Events
Toggle Sliding Bar Area
Search for:
Go to Top