https://bedfordchoralsociety.org.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
We are committed to safeguarding and preserving the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy explains what happens to any personal data that you provide to us, or that we collect from you whilst you visit our site.
We do update this Policy from time to time so please do review this Policy regularly. (Last updated 12rd April 2018).
By using our Website, you agree to fully comply with and be bound by our Legal Terms. Please review them carefully. If you do not accept our Legal Terms, do not access and use our Website. If you have already accessed our Website and do not accept our Legal Terms, you should immediately discontinue use of our Website.
Information we collect (GDPR Compliant)
In running and maintaining our website we may collect and process the following data about you:
Information about your use of our site including details of your visits such as pages viewed and the resources that you access is tracked by Google Analytics. Such information includes traffic data, location data and other communication data. This data does not include your personal details such as name, email, phone numbers or usernames. Your IP address is not stored by Google in a database, or accessible to any client company, but it could potentially be accessed by a Google employee.
Information provided voluntarily by you. For example, when you use our contact form for more information.
Information that you provide when you communicate with us by any means.
Use of cookies
Cookies provide information regarding the computer used by a visitor. We may use cookies where appropriate to gather information about your computer fin order to assist us in improving our website.
View our cookie policy for more information.
Use of your information
We use the information that we collect from you to provide our services to you. In addition to this we may use the information for one or more of the following purposes:
To provide information to you that you request from us relating to our products or services.
To provide information to you relating to other products that may be of interest to you. Such additional information will only be provided where you have consented to receive such information.
To inform you of any changes to our website, services or goods and products.
If you have previously purchased goods or services from us we may provide to you details of similar goods or services, or other goods and services, that you may be interested in.
Where your consent has been provided in advance we may allow selected third parties to use your data to enable them to provide you with information regarding unrelated goods and services which we believe may interest you. Where such consent has been provided it can be withdrawn by you at any time.
Information about your use of our site including details of your visits such as pages viewed and the resources that you access is tracked by Google Analytics. Such information includes traffic data, location data and other communication data. This data does not include your personal details such as name, email, phone numbers or usernames. Your IP address is not stored by Google in a database, or accessible to any client company, but it could potentially be accessed by a Google employee.
We don’t use email marketing software but occasionally will update the public via regular email.
Our website is maintained by Kall Kwik. In order for them to update the website and keep the site updated your data can on rare occasions potentially be accessed by one of Kall Kwik web designers. However, this is will not be used by them in any other way than to ensure the storax website is working correctly.
Storing your personal data
In operating our website it may become necessary to transfer data that we collect from you to locations outside of the European Union for processing and storing. By providing your personal data to us, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We do our upmost to ensure that all reasonable steps are taken to make sure that your data is treated stored securely.
Unfortunately the sending of information via the internet is not totally secure and on occasion such information can be intercepted. We cannot guarantee the security of data that you choose to send us electronically, Sending such information is entirely at your own risk.
Data sent via our contact form is saved to our website server for 1 month to ensure we have your enquire. It is then automatically removed from our website.
Disclosing your information
We will not disclose your personal information to any other party other than in accordance with this Privacy Policy and in the circumstances detailed below:
In the event that we sell any or all of our business to the buyer.
Where we are legally required by law to disclose your personal information.
To further fraud protection and reduce the risk of fraud.
Third party links
On occasion we include links to third parties on this website. Where we provide a link it does not mean that we endorse or approve that site’s policy towards visitor privacy. You should review their privacy policy before sending them any personal data. This includes Youtube, Facebook, Twitter and Linkedin.
Access to information
In accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 you have the right to access any information that we hold relating to you. Please just ask and we can provide this to you.
Contacting us
Please do not hesitate to contact us regarding any matter relating to this Privacy Policy.
the document below sets out how we use the database of e mail contacts that choir members have given us.
Data Protection policy2018
UPCOMING EVENTS
JOIN US
ABOUT
HELPFUL LINKS
History
Joining us
Friends’ Scheme
People
Hire the choir
Contact
©
2020 Bedford Choral Society
|
All rights reserved   |   Cookie Policy   |   Privacy Policy
Registered Charity No. 291518
|   Website design by kall Kwik Bedford