https://bemf.org/privacy-policy/
Home
Terms of Use / Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyThis privacy policy sets out how the Boston Early Music Festival (BEMF) uses and protects any information that you give when you use this website. The Boston Early Music Festival (BEMF) is concerned about maintaining the privacy of any information we collect about you, and so we have developed specific policies to protect this information. This privacy notice describes the privacy policy associated with the Boston Early Music Festival (BEMF) web site. Except as set forth in this privacy notice, the Boston Early Music Festival (BEMF) will not share personal information about you with anyone. By interacting with the Boston Early Music Festival (BEMF) website, you agree to accept the practices described in this privacy notice.The Boston Early Music Festival (BEMF) is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Occasionally, we may collect the following information via our contact forms such as name, contact information including email address, demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests, other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers. If we collect this information, it is to better understand your needs and provide you with a better service.We may also use your information to improve internal record keeping, improve our services or we may periodically send promotional emails about special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided. We may also use your information to contact you by email for market research purposes. We may share your information with third parties we retain to perform services on our behalf or for your benefit, and we may collaborate with companies and individuals with respect to particular products or services. We may disclose your information when it is required by law.We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information. You can write or email us at bemf@bemf.orgOur website may contain links to other websites of interest. Once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide when visiting 3rd party sites and these sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.When you join our email list, you will receive occasional emails with the latest news from Boston Early Music Festival (BEMF). We will not pass your email address on to any third party and you can unsubscribe at any time. Boston Early Music Festival (BEMF) may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page for changes. This policy was last updated on August 13, 2020.Google Analytics AddendumThis website may use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files saved on your computer, to help the website analyze how you use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. If this website anonymizes IP addresses, your IP address will be truncated by Google within a EU member state or other EEA state before being transmitted to the US. Only in exceptional situations will your full IP address be transmitted to Google servers in the United States and truncated there. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. You can also prevent Google from collecting information (including your IP address) via cookies and processing this information by downloading this browser plugin and installing it: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptoutYou can prevent data collection via Google Analytics by clicking here. An "Opt-out Cookie" shall then be applied to your website which shall prevent any future collection of your data when visiting this website.Further information concerning the terms and conditions of use and data privacy can be found at the Google Analytics Terms of Service or at the Google Analytics Privacy Overview. Please note that on this website, Google Analytics is supplemented by "gat._anonymizeIp();" to ensure anonymized collection of IP addresses (IP masking).Copyright (c) 2020 Boston Early Music Festival (BEMF) | Boston Early Music Festival is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization.BEMF OPERAAWARD–WINNING RECORDINGS
SEARCH Search
Toggle the Widgetbar