https://bettyscarpino.com/terms-of-use/
Search for:
Home
About
General Information
Articles
Writing by Betty Scarpino
Image Galleries
Available for Purchase
Altered Plates Gallery
Disc Series Gallery
Egg Series, Boxes, and Bowls
Wood Sculpture Gallery
Woodcut Prints Gallery
All Images
Contact
Home > Terms of Use
Website Terms of Use
Copyright
The contents of Betty Scarpino’s website are all copyrighted material.  Reproduction of any material on the site is prohibited without written permission from Betty Scarpino.
Your privacy is important.  To better protect your privacy the following notice explains the information collected, how it is used, and how it is safeguarded.
Privacy Statement
What Information Is Collected Automatically
The following information is collected and stored automatically from all users accessing the website: internet domain you connect from and Internet Protocol (IP) address from which you access our site; the type of browser and operating system used to access our site; date and time you access our site; number of minutes during your visit; pages you visited; and If you linked to our site from another website, the address of that website (URL).
NO information is collected automatically containing Name, Address, Email Address, or Phone Numbers.
How Information Is Used
This information is used solely for purposes such as assessing what information is of most interest to users and for making system enhancements.
Our Commitment to the Security of Your Data
If you submit your information to Betty Scarpino using any web forms, you are consenting to share the information you provide with Betty Scarpino.  Your information will never be shared or sold with other parties.
Disclaimer and Terms of Use
No Warranty
The information contained on this website is intended as an aid only. Betty Scarpino and her authorized agents and contractors make no warranty, express or implied, about the accuracy or reliability of the information on this website.  Betty Scarpino and her authorized agents and contractors SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED, IMPLIED, OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
Limitation on Damages
Under no circumstances will Betty Scarpino, her authorized agents or contractors, or any other party involved in the creation, production or delivery of this website be liable to any person for damages of any kind arising from access to or use of this website.  Betty Scarpino assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of the website. Betty Scarpino specifically disclaims any duty to update the information on the website.
Third Party Contributions
This website contains third party-contributed files and information. Betty Scarpino does not guarantee their accuracy, correctness or completeness.
External Links
We provide links to other websites.  Betty Scarpino has no control over the content of such websites.  If you use any links to websites not maintained by Betty Scarpino, you do so at your own risk.  Betty Scarpino will not be responsible for the contents or availability of any linked sites.  These links are provided only as a convenience to the recipient.
Endorsements
Betty Scarpino does not endorse any products, services, or persons linked from or supplied to or mentioned on this website.