https://bherc.org/terms-of-use/
Terms of Service
August 9, 2019
Terms of Service
Black Hollywood Education and Resource Center (BHERC.ORG) is a non-profit, public benefit organization, designed to advocate, educate, research, develop, and preserve the history, and the future, of blacks in the film and television industries. Our website is also designed to carry out this mission by providing online information about black films via The First Weekend Club, facilitate learning about upcoming festivals and events, reserve or purchase tickets, sell merchandise that supports organizational endeavors, and engage and inform our supporters online.
These Terms of Service (“Terms”) describe our commitments to you, and your rights and responsibilities when using our website services. Please read them carefully and contact us if you have any questions.
These Terms govern your access to and use of BHERC.org, as well as all content and website
products and services such as WordPress and printful.com,
as outlined below in Section 7e) available at or though these websites (collectively, “Services”).
These Terms also govern visitors’ access to and use of any websites that use our Services.
For some of the products and services this website uses, such as WordPress, Printful, MailChimp and more, additional Terms of Service may apply and will be posted on the websites for those products and services.
Our Services are offered subject to your acceptance, without modification, of all of the terms and conditions contained herein and all other operating rules, policies and procedures. You agree that we may automatically upgrade our Services, and the Agreement will apply to any upgrades.
Please read the Agreement carefully before accessing or using our Services. By accessing or using any part of our Services, you agree to become bound by the Agreement. If you do not agree to all the terms of the Agreement, then you may not access or use our Services.
1. Who’s Who
Throughout these Terms, “you” applies to both individuals and entities that access or use our Services. If you are an individual using our Services on behalf of an entity, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to bind that entity to the Agreement and that by using our Service(s), you are accepting the Agreement on behalf of that entity.
2. Your Account
Where use of our Services requires an account, you agree to provide us with complete and accurate information when you register for an account. You will be solely responsible and liable for any activity that occurs under your username. You are responsible for keeping your account information up-to-date and for keeping your password secure.
You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and any Service-related website, store, or other content, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your account and any other actions taken in connection with our Services. You shall not share or misuse your access credentials. You must immediately notify us of any unauthorized uses of your account or of any other breach of security. We will not be liable for any acts or omissions by you, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.
When you create a BHERC.ORG account, we consider that to be an inquiry about our products and services, which means that we may contact you to share more details about what we have to offer. Don’t worry — if you aren’t interested in learning more, you can opt out of the marketing communication, whether it’s an email, phone call, or text message.
3. Minimum Age Requirements
Our Services are not directed to children. Access to and use of our Services is only for those over the age of 13 (or 16 in the European Union). If you are younger than this, you may not register for or use our Services. Any person who registers as a user or provides their personal information to our Services represents that they are 13 years of age or older (or 16 years or older in the European Union).
4. Responsibility of Visitors and Users
We have not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the content (such as, but not limited to, text, photo, video, audio, code, computer software, items for sale, or other materials) posted to our Services by users or anyone else (“Content”) and are not responsible for any use or effects of such Content. So, for example:
We do not endorse any Content or represent that Content is accurate, useful, or non-harmful. Content could be offensive, indecent, or objectionable; include technical inaccuracies, typographical mistakes, or other errors; or violate or infringe the privacy, publicity rights, intellectual property rights (see our Copyright Infringement and DMCA Policy section to submit copyright complaints), or other proprietary rights of third parties.
If you post Content, comment on a website, or otherwise make (or allow any third party to make) Content available on our Services, you are entirely responsible for the Content, and any harm resulting from, that Content or your conduct.
We disclaim any responsibility for any harm resulting from anyone’s use, purchase, or downloading of Content. If you access or use any Content, you are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content.
Any Content offered for sale through any of our Services are the seller’s sole responsibility, and you agree that you will look solely to the seller for any damages that result from your purchase or use of Content.
We are not a party to, and will have no responsibility or liability for, any communications, transactions, interactions, or disputes between you and the provider of any Content.
Please note that additional third party terms and conditions may apply to the downloading, copying, purchase, or use of Content.
We also have not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, made available through the websites and web pages that link to, or are linked from, BHERC.ORG or our other Services. For example:
We do not have any control over those websites and are not responsible for their contents or their use.
The existence of a link to or from one of our Services does not represent or imply that we endorse such website.
You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content.
We disclaim any responsibility for any harm resulting from other websites.
5. Fees, Payment, and Renewal
Fees for Paid Services. Some of our Services are offered for a fee, such as event or festival ticket sales, and some Ecommerce Services (collectively, “Paid Services”). By using a Paid Service, you agree to pay the specified fees. Depending on the Paid Service, there may be a one-time fee or recurring fees. For recurring fees, we’ll bill or charge you for in regular automatically-renewing intervals (such as monthly, annually, or biennially), on a pre-pay basis until you cancel, which you can do at any time by contacting the relevant support team.
Taxes. To the extent permitted by law, or unless explicitly stated otherwise, all fees are exclusive of applicable federal, provincial, state, local or other governmental sales, goods and services, harmonized or other taxes, fees, or charges now in force or enacted in the future (“Taxes”). You are responsible for payment of all applicable Taxes relating to your use of our Services, your payments, or your purchases. If we are obligated to pay or collect Taxes on the Fees you’ve paid or will pay, you are responsible for such Taxes, and we may collect payment for such Taxes.
Payment. If your payment fails or if Paid Services are otherwise not paid for or paid for on time, we may immediately cancel or revoke your access to the Paid Services. If you contact your bank or credit card company to decline or reverse the charge of fees for Paid Services, we may revoke your access to our Services in general.
Cancelling Automatic Renewal. You can manage and cancel your Paid Services at the respective Service’s site. For example, you can manage all of your WordPress.com plans through your WordPress.com Manage Purchases page. To cancel a WordPress.com plan, go to your Manage Purchases page, click on the plan you wish to cancel, then follow the instructions to “cancel the subscription.” You must repeat this process for each subscription you wish to cancel.
Fee Changes. We may change our fees at any time, or start charging fees for Services that were previously free. When applicable, we may give you advance notice of the fee changes. If you don’t agree with the fee changes, you must cancel your Paid Service.
Refunds. While you may cancel a Paid Service at any time, refunds are issued in our sole discretion, unless otherwise required by applicable law.
6. General Representation and Warranty
You represent and warrant that your use of our Services:
Will be in strict accordance with these Terms;
Will comply with all applicable laws and regulations (including, without limitation, all applicable laws regarding online conduct and acceptable content, privacy, data protection, and the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside);
Will not use the Services for any unlawful purposes, to publish illegal content, or in furtherance of illegal activities;
Will not infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of any third party;
Will not disclose sensitive personal information of others;
Will not be used to send spam or bulk unsolicited messages;
Will not interfere with, disrupt, or attack any service or network; and
Will not be used to create, distribute, or enable material that is – or that facilitates or operates in conjunction with – malware, spyware, adware, or other malicious programs or code.
License. By submitting Content to BHERC.ORG for inclusion on our website, you grant BHERC.ORG a world-wide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to reproduce, modify, adapt, and publish the Content solely for the purpose of displaying, distributing, and promoting BHERC.ORG. This license also allows BHERC.ORG to make any publicly-posted Content available to current and future BHERC.ORG related websites toward the organization’s mission, brand and public relations. You also give other BHERC.ORG related website users permission to share your Content on other websites and add their own Content to it (aka to “reblog” your Content), so long as they use only a portion of your post and they give you credit as the original author by linking back to your website.
Removing Content. If you delete Content, we will use reasonable efforts to remove it from public view (or in the case of a private website, from view by the authorized visitors), but you acknowledge that caching or references to the Content may not be made immediately unavailable.
Prohibited Uses. By using BHERC.ORG, you represent and warrant that your Content and conduct do not violate the User Guidelines.
Advertisements. We reserve the right to display advertisements on the BHERC.ORG website.
7. Ecommerce Services
There are certain features offered via Paypal and Prihtful hat enable you to conduct a transaction to donate or buy items (goods, content, services, etc.) or collect payments on the BHERC.ORG website. If you use Paypal or Prihtful their Use Terms also apply.
Prohibited Uses. You may not use Ecommerce Services for any unlawful purposes, or in furtherance of illegal activities. We may terminate your access to Ecommerce Services or force refunds without notice to you if we determine (in our sole discretion) that your use is in violation of these Terms. If you’re using Ecommerce Services on WordPress.com, you must not violate our User Guidelines or Store Guidelines.
8. Copyright Infringement and DMCA Policy
As we ask others to respect our intellectual property rights, we respect the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that material located on or associated with the BHERC.ORG website or service violates your copyright, please notify us. We will respond to all such notices, including as required or appropriate by removing the infringing material or disabling all links to the infringing material. We will terminate a visitor’s access to and use of the website if, under appropriate circumstances, the visitor is determined to be a repeat infringer of the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of others. In the case of such termination, we will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid to us.
9. Intellectual Property
The Agreement does not transfer from the BHERC.ORG website to you any BHERC.ORG or third party intellectual property, and all right, title, and interest in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with BHERC.ORG. BHERC.ORG and all other trademarks, service marks, graphics, and logos used in connection with BHERC.ORG or our Services, are trademarks or registered trademarks of BHERC.ORG or BHERC.ORG licensors. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics, and logos used in connection with our Services may be the trademarks of other third parties. Your use of our Services grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any BHERC.ORG or third party trademarks.
10. Changes
We are constantly updating our Services and that means sometimes we have to change the legal terms under which our Services are offered. These Terms may only be modified by a written amendment signed by an authorized executive of BHERC.ORG, or by the posting by BHERC.ORG of a revised version. If we make changes that are material, we will let you know by posting on one of our blogs, or by sending you an email or other communication before the changes take effect. The notice will designate a reasonable period of time after which the new terms will take effect. If you disagree with our changes, then you should stop using our Services within the designated notice period, or once the changes become effective. Your continued use of our Services will be subject to the new terms. However, any dispute that arose before the changes shall be governed by the Terms (including the binding individual arbitration clause) that were in place when the dispute arose.
11. Termination
We may terminate your access to all or any part of our Services at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately. We have the right (though not the obligation) to, in our sole discretion, (i) refuse or remove any content that, in our reasonable opinion, violates any BHERC.ORG policy or is in any way harmful or objectionable, (ii) terminate or deny access to and use of any of our Services to any individual or entity for any reason. We will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid.
If you wish to terminate the Agreement or your BHERC.ORG account, you may simply discontinue using our Services, or, if you are using a paid service, you may cancel at any time, subject to the Fees and Payment section in these Terms.
All provisions of the Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, and limitations of liability.
12. Disclaimer of Warranties
Our Services are provided “as is.” BHERC.ORG and its suppliers and licensors hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Neither BHERC.ORG, nor its suppliers and licensors, makes any warranty that our Services will be error free or that access thereto will be continuous or uninterrupted. You understand that you download from, or otherwise obtain content or services through, our Services at your own discretion and risk.
13. Jurisdiction and Applicable Law.
Except to the extent any applicable law provides otherwise, the Agreement and any access to or use of our Services will be governed by the laws of the state of California, U.S.A., excluding its conflict of law provisions. The proper venue for any disputes arising out of or relating to the Agreement and any access to or use of our Services will be the state and federal courts located in Los Angeles County, California.
14. Arbitration Agreement
Except for claims for injunctive or equitable relief or claims regarding intellectual property rights (which may be brought in any competent court without the posting of a bond), any dispute arising under the Agreement shall be finally settled in accordance with the Comprehensive Arbitration Rules of the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Service, Inc. (“JAMS”) by three arbitrators appointed in accordance with such Rules. The arbitration shall take place in Los Angeles, California, in the English language and the arbitral decision may be enforced in any court. The prevailing party in any action or proceeding to enforce the Agreement shall be entitled to costs and attorneys’ fees.
15. Limitation of Liability
In no event will BHERC.ORG, or its suppliers or licensors, be liable with respect to any subject matter of the Agreement under any contract, negligence, strict liability or other legal or equitable theory for: (i) any special, incidental or consequential damages; (ii) the cost of procurement for substitute products or services; (iii) for interruption of use or loss or corruption of data; or (iv) for any amounts that exceed $50 or the fees paid by you to BHERC.ORG under the Agreement during the twelve (12) month period prior to the cause of action, whichever is greater. BHERC.ORG shall have no liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond their reasonable control. The foregoing shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law.
16. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless BHERC.ORG, its contractors, and its licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees, and agents from and against any and all losses, liabilities, demands, damages, costs, claims, and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising out of or related to your use of our Services, including but not limited to your violation of the Agreement, Content that you post, and any ecommerce activities conducted through the website.
17. US Economic Sanctions
You expressly represent and warrant that your use of our Services and/or associated services and products is not contrary to applicable U.S. Sanctions. Such use is prohibited, and we reserve the right to terminate accounts or access of those in the event of a breach of this condition.
18. Miscellaneous
The Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between BHERC.ORG and you concerning the subject matter hereof. If any part of the Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed to reflect the parties’ original intent, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect. A waiver by either party of any term or condition of the Agreement or any breach thereof, in any one instance, will not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof.
You may assign your rights under the Agreement to any party that consents to, and agrees to be bound by, its terms and conditions; BHERC.ORG may assign its rights under the Agreement without condition. The Agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.
Newsletter Subscribe
Get the latest BHERC First Weekend recommendations, festivals, special events, and news delivered to your In box.
Subscribe to the BHERC newsletter today!