https://bigmural.com/terms-conditions/
Terms & Conditions - Big Mural Design Studio
Skip to navigation
Skip to content
My account
Checkout
Cart
Search for:
Search
Menu
Home
About
Blog
Shop
Murals
Children’s Murals
Public Art
HomeAbout
Blog
Cart
Checkout
Children’s Murals
Murals
My account
Public Art
Shop
Terms & Conditions
$0.00 0 items
Home / Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
iChicksOnly, Big Mural Design Studio and iRetro Designs are trademarked and wholly owned by Big Mural LLC.
The following company name will appear on your bank statement: BMDesigns
Copyright and Trademark Notice
Unless otherwise specified, all materials appearing on this site, including products, text, site design, logos, graphics, icons, and images, as well as the selection, assembly and arrangement thereof, are the sole property of Big Mural LLP., Copyright 2018, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.  You may use the content of this site only for the purpose of shopping on this site or placing an order on this site and for no other purpose. No materials from this site may be copied, reproduced, modified, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any form or by any means without our prior written permission. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. Any unauthorized use of the materials appearing on this site may violate copyright, trademark and other applicable laws and could result in criminal or civil penalties.
Credit Cards
We accept the following credit cards: Visa, MasterCard, and American Express. There is no surcharge for using your credit card to make purchases. Please be sure to provide your exact billing address and telephone number (i.e. the address and phone number your credit card bank has on file for you). Incorrect information will cause a delay in processing your order. Your credit card will be billed upon shipment of your order by Big Mural LLP.
Money Orders, Cashier’s Checks, Company Checks, & Personal Checks
We do not accept money orders, cashier’s checks, personal checks, or company checks.
Links
This site may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. You acknowledge that we’re not responsible for the operation of or content located on or through any such site.
Multiple Product Orders
For a multiple product order, we will make every attempt to ship all products contained in the order at the same time. Products that are unavailable at the time of shipping will be shipped as they become available, unless you inform us otherwise. You will only be charged for products contained in a given shipment, plus any applicable shipping charges. You will only be charged for shipping at the rate quoted to you on your purchase receipt. The entirety of this shipping charge may be applied to the first product(s) shipped on a multiple shipment order.
Order Acceptance Policy
Your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. Big Mural reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason or to supply less than the quantity you ordered of any item.
Other Conditions
These Terms and Conditions will supersede any terms and/or conditions you include with any purchase order, regardless of whether Big Mural LLP. signs them or not. We reserve the right to make changes to this site and these Terms and Conditions at any time.
Out-of-Stock Products
the majority of our products are “print on demand,” this usually takes 2-3 days. so We will ship your product after it has been printed. However, there may be times when the product you have ordered is out-of-stock which will delay fulfilling your order. We will keep you informed of any products that you have ordered that are out-of-stock and unavailable for immediate shipment. You may cancel your order at any time prior to shipping.
Privacy
We keep your personal information private and secure. When you make a purchase from our site, you provide your name, email address, credit card information, address, phone number, and a password. We use this information to process your orders, to keep you updated on your orders and to personalize your shopping experience.
Our secure servers protect your information using advanced encryption techniques and firewall technology.
To keep you informed about our latest offers, we may notify you of current promotions, specials and new additions to Big Mural Kids. You may unsubscribe from our newsletters by following the unsubscribe instructions in any email you receive from us.
When entering any of our contests or prize drawings, you provide your name, email address and mailing address. If you win, we will send the prize to the address entered and notify you by email. When you enter a contest or drawing you are also included in our newsletter list to receive notice of promotions, specials and new additions to the Sample Store site. You may unsubscribe from this news list by following the unsubscribe instructions in any email received.
We use “cookies” to keep track of your current shopping session to personalize your experience and so that you may retrieve your shopping cart at any time.
Privacy on Other Web Sites
Other sites accessible through our site have their own privacy policies and data collection practices. Please consult each site’s privacy policy.  Big Mural is not responsible for the actions of third parties, including our affiliates.
Returns
NON-CUSTOM ORDERS
Big Mural Kids strives to provide our customers with the highest quality merchandise and an unparalleled shopping experience. If you are not completely satisfied with your non-custom item, you may return it, for a refund, exchange, or store credit within 30 days of receipt.
Fulfillment mistakes that we make resulting in the shipment of incorrect product to you will also be accepted for return 30 days from the date of purchase.
Merchandise returns must be in its new, unused original condition and in its original packaging. Shipping fees will not be refunded. Refunds will be credited in original form of payment less the shipping and handling fees. Items returned that were part of a FREE SHIPPING promotion will be refunded or credited for the cost of the item minus what would have been cost of shipping. All sale items are final sales. Customer is responsible for all freight charges if the delivery is returned, refused or cancelled during processing. We reserve the right to apply up to a 25% restocking fee should the merchandise not be in re-sellable condition.
CUSTOM ORDERS
If an item is custom made or made-to-order, it will be stated in the product description. Any item that is personalized is considered custom. Unfortunately, we cannot accept returns on these items, as they are made-to-order. If you wish to cancel an order for a custom made item, you may do so within 24 hours of the placement of the order,  email support@bigmural.com.
If you have any questions regarding our policy on custom, made to order and personalized items please do not hesitate to email us at support@bigmural.com.
Taxes
Big Mural LLP shall automatically charge and withhold the applicable sales tax for orders to be delivered to addresses within the same state. For orders shipped to other states, you are solely responsible for all sales taxes or other taxes.
Typographical Errors
In the event a product is listed at an incorrect price due to typographical error or error in pricing information, Big Mural shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Our Store shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, Big Mural shall immediately issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price
Please visit our other fine stores:
* iChicksOnly * Big Mural Design Studio * iRetro Designs *
Product CategoriesChildren's Apparel
Themes
Zebras!
Nursery Rhymes
Squirrels!
Planes, Trains & Automobiles
Sock Monkeys
Canvas Wall Art
Bed & Bath
Designs for Boys
Gender Neutral
Contact Us P: 917 -572-3254
E: info@bigmural.com
Please visit our other fine stores: * iChicksOnly * iRetro Designs * Mother of All Monsters
© Big Mural Design Studio 2020
Built with Storefront & WooCommerce.
My Account
Search
Search for:
Search
0