https://billustration.com/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
(updated September 1, 2020)
Introduction:
Bill Russell and Billustration created this statement to demonstrate a its firm commitment to your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes the information we may collect about you and what will happen to that information. Questions regarding this statement should be directed to this email.
Information About You:
Bill Russell and Billustration does not sell, rent, or trade the personally identifiable information that you provide to us. We may use third party applications to help us improve our services, join our mailing list and monitor activity on this website. If personally identifiable information (i.e., name, address, email address, telephone number) is provided by us or by you directly to any of these third parties, we will require that such information be maintained by them in confidence.
It is the policy of Bill Russell and Billustration to respect the privacy of its website visitors. Except as described above, under no circumstances will Bill Russell and Billustration disclose information provided by you to any individual, advertiser, vendor, or any other entity without your express, prior written consent.
If you send correspondence to Bill Russell and Billustration, such as emails or letters, we may collect such information into a file specific to you. We may use information in the file we maintain about you and other information we obtain from your current and past use of the website to assess any problems or complaints.
Future Correspondence:
If you would like to opt out of receiving future correspondence from Bill Russell and Billustration, please email with the word “Unsubscribe” in the subject line of your email.
IP Addresses:
Bill Russell and Billustration may on occasion log into IP addresses for systems administration purposes. Your IP address may be used to gather broad demographic information, but we would not use IP addresses to monitor your behavior on this site or elsewhere.
Cookies:
A cookie is a small piece of text sent to your browser by a website you visit. It helps the website to remember information about your visit, like your preferred language and other settings. In addition, Billustration.com may use “cookies” for advertising.
California Do Not Track:
Do Not Track is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers. When a user turns on the Do Not Track signal, the browser sends a message to websites requesting them not to track the user. At this time, we do not respond to Do Not Track browser settings or signals. For information about Do Not Track go here.
Opt-Out Support:
If you would like to learn more or opt out of receiving online display advertising tailored to your interests, please visit the Networking Advertising Initiative or the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on or the Digital Advertising Alliance.
Links to Other Sites:
This site may contain links to other web sites. Bill Russell and Billustration is not responsible for the content or the privacy policies or practices of websites to which it links.
Our Commitment to Data Security:
We have put in place a wide variety of technical and organizational security measures to help protect you and the personal information we collect about you. Please note that we will never email you asking for account information like your user name, date of birth, credit card information, or other personal information. Finally, we will never email you with attachments that can be opened. If you received a suspicious email that appears to be from us please email us.
Contact Us:
If you have questions or comments about this policy, you may contact Bill by email. We will respond to your request within 30 days.
Learn more:
The California Consumer Privacy Act
Protecting your Online Privacy
Scroll to top