https://blacksmithsjournal.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
STORE / SHOPPING
USB Flash Drive Digital Back Issue Volumes
Hard Copy Back Issues
Digital Back Issues
Companion Book
Instructional Videos
DVD Instructional Videos on Sale Now!
SEARCH BLACKSMITH’S JOURNALShop by CategoryUSB Flash Drive Digital Back Issue VolumesHard Copy Back IssuesDigital Back IssuesCompanion BookInstructional VideosREGISTER AN ACCOUNT It’s easy to register so you don’t have to enter your information every time you buy something. Click Here to set it up.
STUFF TO KNOWOrdering Information
Help with Back Issues
BJ Volume Index
BJ Topic Index
About
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Notice
Last updated: September 2018
Hoffmann Publications Inc. and J Hoffmann Design LLC know that you care how information about you is used and shared. We appreciate your trust that we will handle your information carefully and sensibly. By visiting this website at blacksmithsjournal.com you are accepting practices described in this private policy notice.
To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. It applies to all information you submit, such as your name, address, e-mail address, or telephone number.
Order Processing
Orders generated on our website are not processed for payment on our website. The encrypted information about the order is passed through to PayPal for payment transaction to ensure security. After orders are placed, we use the information you provided to complete the fulfillment of that order, and may refer to it when assisting with customer support. We may employ individuals or other companies to perform functions on our behalf such as applying postage and delivering packages (i.e. USPS), sending e-mail confirmation, or processing credit card payments (i.e. PayPal for transactions). These services have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but these companies are never authorized to use it for other purposes.
Information Collection & Use
Hoffmann Publications Inc. and J Hoffmann Design LLC does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen and does not wish to collect any such information. Federal law requires Website operators who collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen to first get parental consent, and children should always get permission from their parents before sending any information about themselves (such as their names, e-mail addresses, and phone numbers) over the Internet, to us or to anyone else. The information made available to Hoffmann Publications Inc. and J Hoffmann Design LLC falls into two categories: (1) information voluntarily supplied by visitors to the Website and (2) tracking information recorded as visitors navigate through the Website.
To make use of some features you may want to register. By doing this you need to provide certain information as part of the registration process such as your name, e-mail address, phone number, billing and shipping addresses. Our system will remember some of this information the next time you login and use our website, but you can always change your information. We are not able to see your passwords. At any time you may request that we delete your customer account registration so you can start a new one or use the website as a guest.
When you submit any personally identifying information over this website, Hoffmann Publications Inc. and J Hoffmann Design LLC will use the information for the purposes described at the time you submit it, such as ordering products in connection with the processing and fulfillment of your order. Of course, if you want to remain completely anonymous, you are still free to take advantage of the publicly available content on our Website without registration.
Cookies
To help make our site more responsive to the needs of our visitors, we invoke a standard feature of browser software, called a “cookie,” to assign each visitor a unique, randomly generated number that temporarily resides on your computer. The cookie itself does not actually identify the visitor, just the particular computer session that a visitor uses to access our website. Unless you voluntarily identify yourself, we won’t know who you are, even if a cookie is generated for your particular website session. The only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply.
We use cookies to help us tailor our Website to your needs, to deliver a better, more personalized service, and to remember certain choices you’ve made so you don’t have to re-enter them. We may use cookies to track the pages on our Website visited by our users, for example. We can build a better Website if we know which pages our users are visiting and how often. You may always set your browser to not accept cookies.
Other Websites
To make our website more valuable to our visitors and customers, we may offer links to other websites whose privacy policies we don’t control. Once you leave our website (check the URL address in the location bar of your browser), use of any information you provide is then governed by the privacy policy of the website you’re visiting.
Store / ShoppingHelp with Back IssuesBJ Topic IndexBJ Volume IndexOrdering InformationAboutContact UsPrivacy PolicyLegal InformationSearchHome