http://bluebuddies.com/advanced_smurf_search.htm#helpful_search_tips
2020 Smurfs Christmas Advent Calendar!
|
|
FIGURINES
|
SMURF FACTS
|
FUN
|
SMURF FORUM
Smurfs DVD  McDonald's Smurfs  Fan Art  Smurf Song  Smurfs Character Names  Cartoon Episode Guide
What is your Smurf Nickname?  Promo Smurf Figurines  Make a Smurf Costume  Smurfette  Send a Smurf Greeting Card
Advanced Smurf Search:
Advanced Smurf Search:
Can't smurf what you're looking for? Simply type your keywords, pick a category... and off you go!
All Smurfs - (Click to Change)
Smurf Figurines
Buildings & Playsets
Smurf Pictures
Smurf Plush
Smurf DVD & Video
Smurf Videogames
Smurf Toys
Smurf Puzzles
Smurf Games
Smurf Music
Smurf Linen
Smurf Crafts & Supplies
Smurf Sewing & Knitting
Smurf Clothing & Jewelry
Smurf Animations
Smurf Food
Smurf Books
Smurf Stickers
Smurf Housewares
Smurf Ceramic Collectibles
Phrase
All Words
Any Words
Partial Matches
Whole Words Only
How to use the Advanced Smurf Search:1. Pick a category2. Pick a phrase3. Pick partial or full match
Pick a Category
"All Smurfs": The default setting - every category in BlueBuddies will be searched.Individual categories: Search exclusively within one category. For example, search only within Plush Smurfs, Smurf Figurines, Smurf Music, etc.
Pick a Phrase
"Phrase": The standard option is to search for "words as a phrase". BlueBuddies will search for exactly what you typed in."All Words": The order of the words doesn't matter."Any Words": Any of the words you enter will give you a result!
Partial or Full Match
You can search for either "partial" words (the default), or "whole words". A partial word search for "car" returns: car, cars, cartoon, carton, and caring. A "whole words only" search just returns results containing the word "car".
Helpful Search Tips
Keep it short. Instead of typing "soccer player" - just enter "soccer". Instead of "skiing", "ski poles" or "skier", just try "ski".Try synonyms. Try different words for the same thing, like "biscuit", "cookie", "treat" and "snack".Use the drop down menu. Click "All Smurfs" - then select "Smurf Figurines" to just search for PVC figurines.Keep it simple. BlueBuddies is full of pictures, images and photos. Do not search for
"Smurfette photo", "Smurfette image" or "Smurfette picture" - just type "Smurfette" and all the Smurfette pictures will be displayed.
What is the Advanced Smurf Search?
The Advanced Smurf Search is an expanded version of the standard search located at the bottom of Bluebuddies.com. Using this special page, you can select exactly which category you're searching for, phrase options, along with word options. If it exists, in any form, our advanced Smurf search engine will find it for you.
More Search Options:
Still can't find what you're looking for?
Search the Smurf Message Board. The message board has lots of info about all sorts of topics!
Use our custom Google Search. Get an entirely different set of results using our Google search!
Enter your search terms
Submit search form
Web
BlueBuddies.com
Search the Smurf Message Board (SmurfBBS)
The Smurfs will return after these messages:
BlueBuddies is the Smurfy Place to Smurf!
WE HAVE MANY MORE PICTURES OF SMURFS THAN JUST THIS!If you're looking for pictures of Smurfs, then what you see above is just the beginning of what we have to offer! BlueBuddies.com has thousands of Smurf pics and thousands of smurfy items of interest. To check out the whole gallery visit our main page - click here!
BLUEBUDDIES SEARCH
Message Board SearchAdvanced SearchHelp / Search Tips
All Smurfs - (Click to Change)Smurf FigurinesSmurf PicturesSmurf Plush
BLUEBUDDIES.COM: THE WORLD'S LARGEST SMURF COMPENDIUM
Copyright © 1995-2020 BlueBuddies.com. Privacy Policy: We respect your privacy. Please read our full privacy statement here. Site usage implies acceptance of our Terms & Conditions. Smurf is copyright Peyo. BlueBuddies.com is a Smurf resource neither sponsored nor endorsed by Peyo or its licensees.   Subscribe to the BlueBuddies RSS Feed.