http://blythegifford.virtual-liaisons.com/privacy-policy/
Facebook
Twitter
PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated June 9, 2020  Blythe Gifford, et. al (“we” or “us” or “our”) respects the privacy of our users (“user” or “you”). This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you visit our website http://blythegifford.com including any other media form, media channel, mobile website, or mobile application related or connected thereto (collectively, the “Site”). Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS THE SITE.
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. We will alert you about any changes by updating the “Revised” date of this Privacy Policy. Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting, and you waive the right to receive specific notice of each such change or modification. You are encouraged to periodically review this Privacy Policy. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Site after the policy revision date.
COLLECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION We may collect information about you in a variety of ways. The information we may collect on the Site includes:
Personal DataPersonally identifiable information, such as your name, address, email address; and demographic information, such as your age, gender, hometown, and interests, that you voluntarily give to us when you register with the Site or when you choose to participate in various activities related to the Site, such as signing up for the newsletter or entering a contest. You are under no obligation to provide us with personal information of any kind, however your refusal to do so may prevent you from using certain features of the Site.
Derivative Data Information our servers automatically collect when you access the Site, such as your IP address, your browser type, your operating system, your access times, and the pages you have viewed directly before and after accessing the Site.
Data From Contests and Giveaways Personal and other information you may provide when entering contests or giveaways.
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION We may use information collected about you via the Site to:
Administer sweepstakes, promotions, and contests.
Compile anonymous statistical data and analysis for use internally or with third parties.
Email you regarding your mailing list account.
Monitor and analyze usage and trends to improve your experience with the Site.
Notify you of updates to the Site.
Notify you of new book releases.
Perform other business activities as needed.
Request feedback and contact you about your use of the Site.
Send you a newsletter.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION We may share information we have collected about you in certain situations. Your information may be disclosed as follows:
Other Third Parties We may share your information with publishers for the purpose of conducting general business analysis. We may also share your information with such third parties for marketing purposes, as permitted by law. We are not responsible for the actions of third parties with whom you share personal or sensitive data, and we have no authority to manage or control third-party solicitations. If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails or other communications from third parties, you are responsible for contacting the third party directly.
TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES Cookies and Web Beacons We may use cookies, web beacons, tracking pixels, and other tracking technologies on the Site to help customize the Site and improve your experience.
Website Analytics We may also partner with selected third-party vendors, such as Google Analytics, to allow tracking technologies and re-marketing services on the Site through the use of first party cookies and third-party cookies, to, among other things, analyze and track users’ use of the Site, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. By accessing the Site, you consent to the collection and use of your information by these third-party vendors. You are encouraged to review their privacy policy and contact them directly for responses to your questions. We do not transfer personal information to these third-party vendors. However, if you do not want any information to be collected and used by tracking technologies, you can visit the third-party vendor or Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out Tool or Digital Advertising Alliance Opt-Out Tool.
You should be aware that getting a new computer, installing a new browser, upgrading an existing browser, or erasing or otherwise altering your browser’s cookies files may also clear certain opt-out cookies, plug-ins, or settings.
THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES The Site may contain links to third-party websites and applications of interest, including external services that are not affiliated with us. Once you have used these links to leave the Site, any information you provide to these third parties is not covered by this Privacy Policy, and we cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of your information. Before visiting and providing any information to any third-party websites, you should inform yourself of the privacy policies and practices (if any) of the third party responsible for that website, and should take those steps necessary to, in your discretion, protect the privacy of your information. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other sites, services or applications that may be linked to or from the Site.
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION We use administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your personal information. While we have taken reasonable steps to secure the personal information you provide to us, please be aware that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse. Any information disclosed online is vulnerable to interception and misuse by unauthorized parties. Therefore, we cannot guarantee complete security if you provide personal information.
POLICY FOR CHILDREN We do not knowingly solicit information from or market to children under the age of 13. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 13, please contact us using the contact information provided below.
OPTIONS REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION Account Information You may at any time review or change the information in your account or terminate your account by:
Contacting us using the contact information provided at the bottom of this privacy policy.
Using the link provided in the newsletter footer.
Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, some information may be retained in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems and ensuring that you no longer receive any unwanted communications.
Emails and Communications If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails, or other communications from us, you may opt-out by:
Contacting us using the contact information provided at the bottom of this privacy policy.
Using the link provided in the newsletter footer.
If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails, or other communications from third parties, you are responsible for contacting the third party directly.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
AFFILIATE LINKS Blythe Gifford is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates program, Kobo, and iTunes – all are affiliate advertising programs designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, kobo.com, and itunes.com. All logos and names are trademarks of the individual company.
CONTACT US If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: mail@blythegifford.com
Newsletter sign-up