https://bobarno.com/privacy-legal/
Home pagePrivacy/Legal
Privacy/Legal
Privacy Policy and Legal Disclaimer
INTRODUCTION
Bob Arno maintains this site for your information, education, and communication.  Please feel free to browse the site.  Your access and use of the site is also subject to the following terms and conditions and all applicable laws.  By accessing and browsing the site, you accept, without qualification or limitation, the following terms and conditions and acknowledge that any other agreements that may exist between you and Bob Arno with respect to the following terms and conditions are superseded and of no force and effect.
LIMITED LICENSE AND SITE ACCESS
Bob Arno grants you a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive license to access and make personal use of this site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of Bob Arno. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents; any collection and use of any product and/or service listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this site or its contents; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, or otherwise exploited for any purpose (including non-commercial purposes) without the express written consent of Bob Arno. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose all or any portion of this site without the express written consent of Bob Arno.  You may not use any meta tags or any other “hidden text” utilizing Bob Arno name or any associated slogans or phrases without the express written consent of Bob Arno. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or limited license granted by Bob Arno. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, you are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of Bob Arno so long as the link does not portray Bob Arno or its products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise negative manner.  Provided, however, you may not include any logo used by Bob Arno to further its corporate identity as part of the link without express written permission from Bob Arno.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
You should assume that everything you see or read on the site is copyrighted by Bob Arno or others unless otherwise noted and may not be used without the express written permission of copyright owner except as provided in this legal statement or in the text on the site.  The trademarks, logos, and service marks displayed on the site are trademarks of Bob Arno or others.  Nothing contained on the site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any marks displayed on the site without the express written permission of the owner of such marks.  Unauthorized use of these marks is strictly prohibited.  In addition to the foregoing, Bob Arno neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on the site will not infringe intellectual property rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with Bob Arno.
LINKS
Bob Arno may provide links to other web sites.  We are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant the content of, any of these web sites or the individuals or entities that operate and/or maintain these web sites. Bob Arno does not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, products, or content of all these web sites. You should carefully review the privacy statements and other conditions of use contained on these web sites.
DISCLAIMER
THIS SITE IS PROVIDED BY BOB ARNO ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. BOB ARNO MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THIS SITE OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, SERVICES, OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED AND/OR DESCRIBED ON THIS SITE. SOME JURISDICTIONS MAY NOT ALLOW THE DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES.  CHECK YOUR LOCAL LAW FOR RESTRICTIONS OR LIMITATIONS REGARDING THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED REMEDIES.  YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.   BOB ARNO DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS SITE, ITS SERVERS, FILES, OR E-MAIL SENT OR FORWARDED FROM BOB ARNO ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. BOB ARNO WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE.
SITE POLICIES, MODIFICATION, AND SEVERABILITY
We reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, and this legal statement at any time. You are bound by any such changes and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the current terms and conditions to which you are bound.  If any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.
By visiting our web site (HEREAFTER DESCRIBED AS ‘bobarno.com’), you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
What Personal Information About Customers Does bobarno.com Gather?
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your online experience at bobarno.com. Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. Scroll to the bottom of this page to see examples of what we collect. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future services for you, improving our Web site, and communicating with you.
Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many Web sites, we use “cookies,” and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses bobarno.com. Scroll to the bottom of this page to see examples of the information we receive. A number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit Web sites anonymously. Although we will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience at bobarno.com if we cannot recognize you, we want you to be aware that these tools exist.
E-mail Communications: To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from bobarno.com if your computer supports such capabilities. We also compare our customer list to lists received from other companies, in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers. If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please let us know.
Information from Other Sources: For reasons such as improving personalization of our service (for example, providing better product recommendations or special offers that we think will interest you), we might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information. We also sometimes receive updated delivery and address information from our shippers or other sources so that we can correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily.
What About Cookies?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as the storage of items in your bobarno.com preferences between visits.
The “help” portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. However, cookies allow you to take full advantage of some of bobarno.com’s coolest features, and we recommend that you leave them turned on.
Does bobarno.com Share the Information It Receives?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share customer information only with the subsidiaries bobarno.com controls.
How Secure Is Information About Me?
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.
We reveal only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
Children
bobarno.com does not sell products for purchase by children. If you are under 18, you may use bobarno.com only with involvement of a parent or guardian.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to visit bobarno.com, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Michigan. If you have any concern about privacy at bobarno.com, please send us a thorough description and we will try to resolve it. Our business changes constantly. This Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also, and use of information that we gather now is subject to the Privacy Notice in effect at the time of use. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes.
Automatic Information
Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login; e-mail address; password; computer and connection information such as browser type and version, operating system, and platform; purchase history; the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our Web site, including date and time; cookie number; and products you viewed or searched for.
Top
Inquire about booking Bob Arno
Subscribe to
Thiefhunters in Paradise post alerts
You should follow us on Twitter: @BambivalentBob Arno’s book of thieves:
Travel Advisory: How to Avoid Thefts, Cons, and Street Scams
Buy the hardcover from Amazon
Buy the Kindle edition
Buy the Nook edition
Buy via iTunes Administratrivia
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
UA-557978-1