https://bobreynoldsmusic.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main contentHome
About
Bio
EPK / Photos
Gear
Music
Solo Albums
Sheet Music
Tour
Vlog
Virtual Studio
Updates from Bob
Contact
60bpm
Who we are
First off, “We” is me: Bob Reynolds. My website address is https://bobreynoldsmusic.com and my Virtual Studio website address is https://lessons.bobreynoldsmusic.com.
Privacy Policy
Your personal information collected from payment forms or mailing list signup forms is never shared, sold or rented to anyone, ever.
Your personal information is only shared between internal systems, like WordPress, Stripe, Paypal, and MailChimp—all of whom have security safeguards in place.
Some data (IP, location, referrer, etc) is collected via Google Analytics but not shared, rented or sold to anyone else.
If you want the data that’s been collected from our stores, contact bob@bobreynoldsmusic.com and we’ll give it to you.
If you want to opt out of any communication, click “Unsubscribe” located in every single email we send.
If you want your data to be deleted from any e-commerce store, contact bob@bobreynoldsmusic.com and we’ll do that ASAP (although you’ll no longer be able to sign into any courses, lessons, or membership access in Bob’s Virtual Studio).
GDPR SPECIFICS
Your data is protected using industry standard tools and software. It’s never shared, sold or given away, except to connect internal software accounts to other internally used software accounts (i.e. WordPress to MailChimp).
If you don’t want your data stored or collected, contact bob@bobreynoldsmusic.com.
The data is stored as long as our e-commerce stores are live.
The data is stored in the United States of America
The type of data stored is: name, email, IP, and personalization details you’ve filled in via forms on our website (i.e. your first name, type of saxophone you play or years of playing experience).
If there is a data breach, you will be notified within 72 hours—but only if you didn’t opt out of receiving communications from us. (Otherwise, we’d have no way to reach you.)
SECTION 1 – WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address.
When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
Email marketing: With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products, and other updates.
Email correspondence: I send email newsletters roughly once per month, but sometimes it’s once per week if I’m releasing a new album or series of videos, etc. You may unsubscribe at any time with one click from the bottom of any email I sent. If you are a member of Bob’s Virtual Studio, you will receive email updates about new lessons and courses and general guidance pertaining to the site, per the membership you are paying for. You also will receive emails when I, or other studio members, respond to comments you’ve left under lessons and/or in our private community forum.
SECTION 2 – CONSENT
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
When you purchase a product, you are expressing consent to get occasional and related marketing emails.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in, if you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at any time, by contacting us at bob@bobreynoldsmusic.com or mailing us at: Bob Reynolds Music, 3940 Laurel Canyon Blvd, PMB 152, Studio City, CA 91604 or by clicking “Unsubscribe” from any email, which is instant.
SECTION 3 – DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service. Otherwise, no one ever gets sees or uses your personal data.
SECTION 4 – E-COMMERCE
Our websites are hosted on WordPress and all commerce transactions are processed through either PayPal or Gumroad. This provides us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.
Your data is stored in our internal databases, credit card and payment processors (PayPal), and MailChimp (email facilitator). They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.
Payment:
If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, Stripe stores your credit card data. If you choose Paypal, then Paypal stores your data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted.
All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Paypal, and Discover.
PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.
SECTION 5 – THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies with respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located in a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
SECTION 6 – SECURITY
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
SECTION 7 – AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
SECTION 8 – CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer (that’s me, Bob) at bob@bobreynoldsmusic.com or by mail at Bob Reynolds Music, 3940 Laurel Canyon Blvd, PMB 152, Studio City, CA 91604
[Re: Privacy Compliance Officer]
[Bob Reynolds Music, 3940 Laurel Canyon Blvd, PMB 152, Studio City, CA 91604]