https://bookvote.net/privacy
Toggle navigation
New Releases
Bestsellers
Fiction
Classics
Comics and Graphic Novels
Drama
Fairy Tales, Myths & Fables
Fiction and Literature
Horror
Light Novels
Mysteries and Thrillers
Poetry
Romance
Sci-Fi and Fantasy
Western
Nonfiction
Arts and Entertainment
Biographies and Memoirs
Business and Finance
Children and Teens
Computers and Internet
Cookbooks, Food and Wine
Health, Mind and Body
History
Humor
Lifestyle and Home
Nonfiction
Parenting
Politics and Current Events
Professional and Technical
Reference
Religion and Spirituality
Science and Nature
Sports and Outdoors
Travel and Adventure
Audiobooks
All Genres
Arts and Entertainment
Latino
Biography and Memoir
Business
Classics
Comedy
Drama and Poetry
Fiction
History
Kids and Young Adults
Languages
Mystery
News
Nonfiction
Religion and Spirituality
Romance
Sci-Fi and Fantasy
Science
Self Development
Speakers and Storytellers
Sports
Technology
Travel and Adventure
Books
Audiobooks
search
Privacy Policy
Privacy has become a major concern on the Internet. this website knows that you care how information about you is used and shared. This privacy statement describes how this website deals with your information. By visiting this website, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy statement.
Personal Information
this website does not require you to disclose personal information anywhere on the site. Your IP address is used to gather broad demographic information and to track your general visiting patterns. Your IP address is also used to help diagnose technical problems. this website does not sell, rent, or trade your personal information with any third parties.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are used by many sites to store or transfer information between the main site and the computer you use to access the site. These cookies are stored in a special folder in your temporary internet files directory. this website uses cookies in parts of the website. In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser.
Advertisers
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit this website. These companies may use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. The advertisements may contain cookies. The advertisements are necessary to finance the costs of keeping this site online.
Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you are welcome to contact us.