http://bottalk.com/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy for www.BOTTALK.com
At www.BOTTALK.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information received and collected by www.BOTTALK.com and how it is used.
Browsing this Website
If you browse through this Website without entering any personal data, we will gather and store certain information about your visit. This information does not identify you personally and cannot be linked back to you unless you decide to identify yourself. If you are only browsing, we collect the following information: IP address, the type of browser and operating system used to access this Website, the date and time you access this Website, the pages you visit (click-through), and if you linked to this Website from another Website, the address of that Website as well as additional information related to your visit. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with this Website's server, and to administer this Website.
At no time will we sell or otherwise distribute your information or your personally-identifiable data without your permission. You can visit this Website without revealing who you are or providing any personal information about yourself.
Log Files
Like many other Websites, www.BOTTALK.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the Website, track user's movement around the Website, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
www.BOTTALK.com does use cookies. "Cookies" are small identifiers sent from a Website server and stored on your computer's hard drive, similar to a license plate, that help us to recognize you if you visit this Website again. Also, this Website uses cookies to track how you found this Website. Cookies are not designed to be used to get data from your hard drive, your email or any other personal data about you. To protect your privacy, we do not use cookies to store or transmit any personal information about you on the Internet. You can reject cookies by changing your browser settings, but please be aware that if you reject our cookies it is possible that some Website pages may not properly load, your access to certain information might be denied or you might have to enter information about yourself more than once.
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our Website. If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective Websites.
This Website contains links to other Websites. These include links to Websites that we think may be of interest to you. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Websites.
Security
This Website has reasonable security measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, the practices of this Website, or your dealings with this Website, please feel free to contact us.