http://branimirphoto.ca/terms-of-use
Navigation
Home
About
Image Galleries
News
Workshops & Talks
Public presentations
Photo workshops and tours
Books
Islands of Grass
Great Sand Hills: A Prairie Oasis
Special Places
Grasslands NP
Wanuskewin Heritage Park
Image Order
License images
Order prints
Contact
Home »
Terms of use
Terms of use
Welcome to branimirphoto.ca, web site (“Site”) produced and owned by Branimir Gjetvaj, Saskatchewan based biologist and photographer, and hosted by Whatasite Networks (“we, us”). Please feel free to browse the Site, but, remember that Branimir owns or licenses all text and images on this Site.
Personal use
You may download, manipulate, reprint, reproduce and share the images and information displayed on this Site for non-commercial, personal use only, provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. Examples for such use include personal documents (school assignments, essays etc.), screen savers on your personal computer, etc. You may download and use any image on this Site for layout and design purposes, and then contact us for a high-resolution image file. Images may be used on other web sites under certain conditions. Contact us for details. Please observe caution if using images of identifiable people or private property – see item #4 in Terms and Conditions.
Commercial or public use
You may not use, modify, or distribute the contents of the Site, including text and images, for commercial or public purposes without written permission from Branimir Gjetvaj. This includes, but is not limited to, use as clip art in newsletters, brochures, electronic bulletin boards and other promotional vehicles, resale as part of a collection of digital images or screen savers, etc.
Your access and use of the Site is subject to the following Terms and Conditions and all applicable laws. By accessing and browsing the Site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, please do not use the Site.
Terms and Conditions
1. Your browsing and use of information from this Site is at your risk. Branimir Gjetvaj is not liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special, punitive or other damages whatsoever arising out of your access to, or use of information presented on the Site.
2. While we use reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on the Site, we make no warranties or representations as to its accuracy or suitability for any purpose. Branimir Gjetvaj assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of the Site. Well, some responsibility – please contact us if you see a blatant error.
3. You should assume that everything you see or read on the Site is copyright protected unless otherwise noted, and may not be used except as provided in these Terms and Conditions, or without the written permission by Branimir Gjetvaj.
4. Images of identifiable people or private property displayed on the Site are either the property of, or used with permission by Branimir Gjetvaj. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms and Conditions. Any unauthorized use of such images may violate, without limitation, copyright laws, trademark laws, and the laws of privacy and publicity.
5. We are not responsible for the contents of any web sites linked from the Site, or any other sites linked to the Site. We are providing these links to you only as a convenience, and there can be no warranty or responsibility by Branimir Gjetvaj as to accuracy and completeness of the information presented on off-site pages. The inclusion of any links does not imply our endorsement. Furthermore, we do not guarantee any of the products or services on web sites linked to from this Site, and can not be found liable for any injury, damage and/or loss to persons or property from use or operation of any products, methods, instructions or ideas presented on such sites. Your linking to any other off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk (see also our Privacy Policy).
6. Any communication or material you transmit to the Site by electronic mail, including any questions, comments, suggestions, data, or the like, may be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. Unless specifically noted by the sender, we are free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication sent to the Site for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing and marketing products and services using such information (see also our Privacy Policy).
7. These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Saskatchewan, or Canadian laws where applicable. You agree that any dispute arising from or relating in any way to this Site will be brought exclusively in the courts located in the Province of Saskatchewan and you irrevocably agree to submit to the jurisdiction of such courts. You further agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Branimir Gjetvaj and his agents and affiliates against any claim, liability, expense or damages arising from or relating to your use of the Site. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms and Conditions and shall not effect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
What’s New
Three large community pastures in SW Saskatchewan closer to protection
Cosmopolitan Park nature photo walk
Islands of Grass – conserving Canada’s native grasslands
Islands of Grass book launch
Nature photography with smartphones
Topics
Blog / Journal
Conservation
Featured
News & Events
Photography
Places
Grasslands National Park
Saskatchewan
Wanuskewin Park
Ranching
Workshops
Flickr Feed