http://branimirphoto.ca/privacy-policy
Navigation
Home
About
Image Galleries
News
Workshops & Talks
Public presentations
Photo workshops and tours
Books
Islands of Grass
Great Sand Hills: A Prairie Oasis
Special Places
Grasslands NP
Wanuskewin Heritage Park
Image Order
License images
Order prints
Contact
Home »
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
Welcome to branimirphoto.ca, web site owned and produced by Branimir Gjetvaj, Saskatchewan based biologist and photographer. Protecting your privacy and the confidentiality of your personal information is very important to us. The following Privacy Code of Conduct will assist you in understanding the types of information we collect about visitors to this web site.
In the following document, term “we” refers to the owner of the site, Branimir Gjetvaj, and the site administrator, What-A-Site Networks
Browsing through branimirphoto.ca – anonymous information
We gather certain information about the use of our web site by our visitors. When you move from page to page, read or download content onto your computer, we learn about the frequency of page visits, and what type of content is being downloaded. We record the type of browser and platform used (e.g., a Netscape browser on a Windows platform), URL address of the page where you enter or leave the site, as well as search strings used by search engines to find our web site.
Data that we collect is compiled and analyzed in a way that does not identify our visitors personally – we only compile aggregate statistics. We use this information to find out how many people visit our web site, and which sections of the site are visited most frequently. When you conduct a search with our search engine we record the keywords used, but not who is conducting the search. This helps us to learn what our visitors are looking for, so we can improve our web site and make it easier for you to find the information you need.
We may use collected visitor information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in this privacy policy. If our information collection practices change at some time in the future, we will post the changes on this page. If you have any concerns how these changes might affect you, check this web site periodically for any updates.
E-mail correspondence or comments – personally identifiable information
When you send us an e-mail or when you ask us to respond to you by e-mail, we learn your exact e-mail address and any information you have included in the message. We use your e-mail address to acknowledge your comments and/or reply to your questions or requests. We may keep a record of this communication in case we correspond further. We may use your e-mail address to send you information about web site updates, products or services that we believe may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to contact you with such information by e-mail, you may tell us so at any time.
Remember that sending e-mail over the Internet is generally not encrypted. We recommend that you use caution when sending e-mail messages to us, and that you do not include confidential information.
Protecting your personal information
We keep confidential any personal information you shared with us. We will not sell, trade nor disclose information you provided, except to authorized third parties who may need access to some of your personal information to fulfill your order (e.g. postal service, shipping couriers).
Cookies
A ‘cookie’ is a small text file containing a unique identification number that is transferred from a web site to the hard drive of your computer so that the site administrator may identify your computer and passively track its activities. When you choose to set up a light table in our searchable image database, a cookie will be stored on your computer to remember your preferences and image selection. No other data is collected.
Links to other web sites
We provide links to external web sites. Such links are provided for your convenience only and can be easily identified because they do not display our logo. Since we do no control the external web sites, we assume no responsibility for the privacy policy and third-party data collection practices of web sites to which we provide links. We encourage you to review the privacy policies posted on those sites.
If you have any concerns of questions regarding this Privacy Code of Conduct and its implementation, please feel free to contact me at any time.
What’s New
Three large community pastures in SW Saskatchewan closer to protection
Cosmopolitan Park nature photo walk
Islands of Grass – conserving Canada’s native grasslands
Islands of Grass book launch
Nature photography with smartphones
Topics
Blog / Journal
Conservation
Featured
News & Events
Photography
Places
Grasslands National Park
Saskatchewan
Wanuskewin Park
Ranching
Workshops
Flickr Feed