https://breakbeat.co.uk/privacy-policy-cookie-information/
VideosD&BTV: Locked InShop
Drum&BassArena Awards 2020: The Results
Drum&BassArena Awards 2020 – LIVE STREAM
Lucid Dreaming With Satl
Wardown: A love letter to Luton and loss
Celebrating Black History Month with DJ SS and Simon Bassline Smith
Search
Results for {phrase} ({results_count} of {results_count_total})
Displaying {results_count} results of {results_count_total}
See more...
HomeEditorialMusicPodcastsVideosShop
This Privacy Policy sets out how we will treat the personal information which you provide to us while using the website located at https://breakbeat.co.uk/ (“Site”) and/or the services provided from the Site (“Services”). You are deemed to accept the terms of this Privacy Policy on your first use of the Site. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time and such changes shall be effective from the date and time the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Site. The Site, together with all content on the Site, is owned or controlled by AEI Group Ltd, registered in England with company number 06344313, and having its registered address at Omega Court 368, Cemetery Road, Sheffield, S11 8FT. We are registered as a Data Controller with the UK’s Information Commissioner’s Office (“ICO”).
To provide or offer to you our Services, it is sometimes necessary for us to collect and process certain personal information (“Data”), including some or all of the following: name, address, date of birth, gender, email addresses and/or phone numbers, IP addresses, web-browser details, operating system details, your activities on the Site, your personal preferences relating to the Services and/or other relevant information. The Data will be stored together with any additional information you may provide to us, and will be used to provide you with, and to improve, the Services. Also from time to time we and/or our trusted partners may contact you with offers that may interest you and/or to inform you of other products and services. All Data is processed by us in accordance with applicable data protection legislation and we will keep your personal information only for as long as is necessary.
The Data is stored on our servers or those of third-party storage service providers. We may, from time to time, expand or reduce our business which may involve the transfer of certain divisions or assets of our company to other parties, and Data, where relevant, may be transferred to such third parties. Additionally, from time to time we may transfer Data to locations outside the European Economic Area, some of which may have different data protection laws to the UK or the EU, or no data protection laws. In all such cases, we transmit such information only to entities that comply with this policy and applicable law.
We may use ‘cookies’ while you access the Site to avoid the need to re-enter details on different occasions. Cookies are also used to collect general usage and volume statistical information. We may use local “shared objects”, also known as “Flash” cookies. Examples of other reasons include:
enabling us to recognise your device so that you don’t have to give the same information to us several times;
recognising that you may already have given a username and/or password; and/or,
measuring how you are using the Site, to make the Site easier to use and to ensure sufficient capacity for quick delivery.
A “cookie” is a small amount of data sent from the server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Most web browsers are automatically set up to accept cookies, but you can set your browser to refuse cookies or ask your browser to show you where a cookie has been set up. These settings will typically be found in the ‘options’ or ‘preferences’ menu of your browser. Please note that we do not recommend turning cookies off when using the Site as this may prevent you from using certain aspects of the Site.
Please note you have the right to request access to and rectification or erasure of Data or to object to or request the restriction of processing of your Data. Information about concerns or complaints may be made to the Information Commissioners Office in the UK via https://ico.org.uk/concerns. If you have any questions or if you do not want us to retain or use your personal information, you may withdraw your consent (i.e. “opt out”), by contacting us at dpo@aei.co.uk.
Newsletter Policy
We use ActiveCampaign as our marketing automation platform. By signing up to our newsletter, you acknowledge that the information you provide will be transferred to ActiveCampaign for processing in accordance with their Terms of Service.
You agree to receive personalised email marketing messages from Drum&BassArena Data Controllers, AEI Group Ltd. who will be contacting you to keep you up to date with the latest at Drum&BassArena, including our products, events, and services By providing your consent to be informed about Drum&BassArena products and services tailored for you, we will be using the following types of personal details to communicate only Drum&BassArena information that is relevant to you:
Contact information
Identity information
Location information
Device information
Behavioural/Profile information
Preference information
You can unsubscribe (withdraw your consent) at any time by using the “unsubscribe link” in the email communication we send you, or by contacting our consumer services team.
Popular Posts
“This is a piece of my soul” : why Mampi Swift’s D&BTV Locked-In set was more than just another stream
Get all our latest releases direct to your playlist
Latest Releases
Krakota – Pull Me In Feat. Karina Ramage
A.M.C & Phantom – Flows & Hooks
Brookes Brothers – Make No Sound feat. Liam Bailey
Home
Music
Menu
Shop
Search
Close this module
Bringing you the full spectrum of D&BSign up to our newsletter to keep up to date with the latest streams, news, and events, all tailored to you.By clicking Sign Up, you have read and agreed to the Drum&BassArena Privacy Policy.First NameJohnYour emailjohnsmith@example.comSubmit