https://breedlovemusic.com/privacy-policy/
Instruments
Guitars
Organic Collection
Ukuleles
Customize
Enter to Win
About
The Story
The Team
The History
The Custom Shop
The Sound
Reviews & Awards
Artists
All Artists
Featured Artist Russell Winfield
Dealers
Blog
Store
Support
Support
FAQ
Warranty
Contact
Scroll Down
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for Breedlove Guitars. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 877.800.4848 or via the contact form.
3rd Party Cookie
Breedlove Guitars uses one or more companies to place advertisements for our products and services and those of third parties on our Site and third-party sites.  Cookies and other technologies such as Web beacons or tags are used to measure the effectiveness of our ads and to determine the display of content and advertising to you based on your interests both on our site , as well as on third-party sites where you may visit.  To support this interest based advertising solution, we, and companies who we have contracted with, may use anonymous information about your visits to our and other Web sites. The information collected and used by this process is always anonymous, and does not enable any third-party to identify you individually. “
“Opt-Out”
Although it is our hope that you find the display of advertising to you based on your anonymous interests valuable, if you would prefer not to participate in the services offered through these solutions, you can always opt-out of this activity by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) website by clicking http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
Breedlove Oregon Series Promotion: Terms and Conditions
Qualifying products must be purchased new from a participating Breedlove dealer between June 1 and August 30, 2016.  Limited to ONE per qualifying purchase/receipt. Purchases made in or for delivery in other countries are not eligible. Breedlove Stringed Instruments is not responsible for lost, late, damaged, illegible, incomplete submissions. Pendleton blanket will be shipped to the address provided by you. Your rights to this offer cannot be assigned or transferred and this offer is void where taxed, restricted or prohibited by law. Return of merchandise voids Breedlove Stringed Instruments offer. Excessive submissions constitute fraud and may result in federal prosecution under U.S. mail fraud statutes (Title 18, USC 1341 and 1342).
Contact Us
61573 American Loop
Bend, Oregon 97702
877.800.4848
Follow Us
Follow us on our social media platforms:
Join the community
Join our mailing list for updates, news and chances to win free gear!
SubscribeLeave this field empty if you're human:
©2015 – 2020 Breedlove Guitars – All Rights Reserved.
Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy