https://broadwaycafesociety.com/legal/
Disclaimer
This site is for personal and entertainment use only. It is not our intention to violate any copyright laws. All images used have been either created especially for the site, obtained via purchase or permission of the copyright holder or assumed to fall under fair use copyright rules. If you see any image that belongs to you that you would like removed from the site, please Contact Us and it will be removed as soon as possible.
Privacy Policy
COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACY
This site is owned and operated by BROADWAY CAFÉ SOCIETY.COM. Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us. At BROADWAY CAFÉ SOCIETY.COM, we want to make your experience online satisfying and safe. Because we gather certain types of information about our users, we feel you should fully understand our policy and the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. This privacy statement discloses what information we gather and how we use it.
INFORMATION BROADWAY CAFÉ SOCIETY.COM GATHERS AND TRACKS
BROADWAY CAFÉ SOCIETY.COM gathers two types of information about users:
Information that users provide through optional, voluntary submissions such as participation in our online blog and other interactive features.
Information BROADWAY CAFÉ SOCIETY.COM gathers through aggregated tracking information derived mainly by tallying page views throughout our sites. This information allows us to better tailor our content to readers’ needs and to help our affiliates better understand the demographics of our audience. Because BROADWAY CAFÉ SOCIETY.COM derives its revenue from affiliate programs, providing such aggregated demographic data is essential to keeping our service free to users. Under no circumstances does BROADWAY CAFÉ SOCIETY.COM divulge any information about an individual user to a third party.
USAGE TRACKING
BROADWAY CAFÉ SOCIETY.COM tracks user traffic patterns throughout the sites. However, we do not correlate this information with data about individual users. BROADWAY CAFÉ SOCIETY.COM does break down overall usage statistics according to a user’s domain name, browser type, and MIME type by reading this information from the browser string (information contained in every user’s browser). We use tracking information to determine which areas of our sites users like and don’t like based on traffic to those areas. We do not track what individual users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. This helps us continue to build a better service for you.
COOKIES
We may place a text file called a “cookie” in the browser files of your computer. The cookie itself does not contain Personal Information although it will enable us to relate your use of this site to information that you have specifically and knowingly provided. But the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can’t read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. BROADWAY CAFÉ SOCIETY.COM uses cookies to track user traffic patterns (as described above). You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. If you’ve set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you will receive the warning message with each cookie. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use this site. However, you do need cookies to participate actively in certain interactive areas of the site.
USE OF INFORMATION
BROADWAY CAFÉ SOCIETY.COM uses any information voluntarily given by our users to enhance their experience our site, whether to provide interactive or personalized elements on the sites or to better prepare future content based on the interests of our users.
SHARING OF THE INFORMATION
BROADWAY CAFÉ SOCIETY.COM uses the above-described information to tailor our content to suit your needs and help us better understand our audience. This is essential to keeping our service free. We will not share information about individual users with any third party, except to comply with applicable law or valid legal process or to protect the personal safety of our users or the public.
SECURITY
BROADWAY CAFÉ SOCIETY.COM operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our customers.
YOUR CONSENT
By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by BROADWAY CAFÉ SOCIETY.COM. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. Please Contact Us if you have any questions or comments regarding this privacy policy.
Terms of Use
Use of the BROADWAY CAFÉ SOCIETY.COM website and its services are subject to the following Terms of Use Agreement (“TOU”). BROADWAY CAFÉ SOCIETY.COM reserves the right to update the TOU at any time without notice. By using this website, you acknowledge and agree to these limitations as set forth.
DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES
BROADWAY CAFÉ SOCIETY.COM provides you with access to a variety of resources (“Services”). The Services, including any updates, enhancements, new features, and/or the addition of any new web properties, are subject to the TOU.
USE OF CONTENT
Use of BROADWAY CAFÉ SOCIETY.COM content is for entertainment, informational and non-commercial or personal use only. You may not modify any content, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, post on any network, broadcast in any media or sell any information, software, products or services obtained from the Services unless expressly permitted by BROADWAY CAFÉ SOCIETY.COM. Elements of the website are protected by trade dress, trademark, unfair competition, and other laws and may not be copied or imitated in whole or in part. Content other than that belonging to BROADWAY CAFÉ SOCIETY.COM is licensed or otherwise published by BROADWAY CAFÉ SOCIETY.COM with the permission of the owner of the material or assumed to fall under “fair use;” copyright guidelines. All rights in such materials are reserved to the respective owners.
LIMITS OF LIABILITY
BROADWAY CAFÉ SOCIETY.COM makes no warranties or representations of any kind that the services provided by this website or any linked site will be uninterrupted, error-free, or that the site or the server that hosts the site are free from viruses or other forms of harmful computer code. All such information is provided “as is,” and with specific disclaimer of any warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, or non-infringement. In no event shall BROADWAY CAFÉ SOCIETY.COM, its agents, or anyone else who has been involved in the creation, production, or delivery of these pages, be liable for any direct, incidental, or consequential damages resulting from the use of this website or any linked site.
EXTERNAL LINKS
Links to other websites do not imply an endorsement of the materials disseminated at those websites, nor does the existence of a link to another site imply that the organization or person publishing at that site endorses any of the materials at this site. Links to other websites are provided by BROADWAY CAFÉ SOCIETY.COM as a convenience to its users. BROADWAY CAFÉ SOCIETY.COM is not responsible for the materials contained at any website linked to this site.
UNLAWFUL OR PROHIBITED USE
As a condition of your use of the Services, you will not use the Services for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices. You may not use the Services in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair any BROADWAY CAFÉ SOCIETY.COM website, or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the Services. You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to computer systems or networks connected to any BROADWAY CAFÉ SOCIETY.COM server or to any of the Services, through hacking, password mining or any other means. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available through the Services.
USE OF COMMUNICATION SERVICES
The Communication Services may contain blogs and/or other message or communication facilities designed to communicate with you. You agree to use the communication services only to view or post material that is proper and, when applicable, related to the particular communication service. By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that you will not:
Use the Communication Services in connection with pyramid schemes, chain letters, junk email, spamming or any duplicative or unsolicited messages (commercial or otherwise).
Publish, post, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information.
Use any material or information, including images or photographs, which are made available through the Services in any manner that infringes any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, or other proprietary right of any party.
Provide links to files that contain viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another’s computer or property of another.
Download any file posted by another user of a Service that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally reproduced, displayed, performed, and/or distributed in such manner.
Falsify or delete any copyright management information, such as author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded.
Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Communication Services. Violate any code of conduct or other guidelines which may be applicable for any particular Service.
Harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including e-mail addresses.
Violate any applicable laws or regulations.
Create a false identity for the purpose of misleading others.
Use, download or otherwise copy, or provide (whether or not for a fee) to a person or entity any directory of users of the Communication Services or other user or usage information or any portion thereof.
BROADWAY CAFÉ SOCIETY.COM reserves the right to terminate your access to any or all of the Services at any time, without notice, for any reason whatsoever. Always use caution when giving out any personally identifiable information in any Services. BROADWAY CAFÉ SOCIETY.COM does not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in any Communication Services and, therefore, BROADWAY CAFÉ SOCIETY.COM specifically disclaims any liability with regard to the Communication Services and any actions resulting from your participation in any Communication Services. Please Contact Us if you have any questions or comments regarding this terms of use agreement.
Follow
on WordPress.com
Pages
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Legal
Latest Articles
Broadway Cafe Society.com 10th Anniversary Celebration – Part 1
Introducing The Broadway Cafe Society Blog
CategoriesCategories
Select Category
Broadway Cafe Society Blog
Latest News
TwitterMy TweetsFacebook
Facebook
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy