https://bruceleefoundation.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Bruce Lee Foundation
Home
About
Mission & Vision
Trustee, Advisors & Volunteers
Partners & Contributors
About Bruce Lee
Jeet Kune Do
Initiatives
Camp Bruce Lee
Past Initiatives
Donate
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Bruce Lee Enterprises, LLC (“Bruce Lee Enterprises”) is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Notice describes how Bruce Lee Enterprises collects, uses, and shares your information when you use and interact with our Services and applies to persons in the United States and anywhere else in the world who use our Services (“Users”). Our Privacy Notice governs your access to and use of all Bruce Lee Enterprises operated and controlled websites including www.brucelee.com, www.bruceleetea.com, and www.bruceleefoundation.org, and all other online services controlled or provided by Bruce Lee Enterprises (collectively, the “Services”).
Agreement & Eligibility
Your Agreement With Bruce Lee Enterprises
This Privacy Notice constitutes a binding legal agreement between you, as a User who uses and interacts with the Services, and Bruce Lee Enterprises. Before accessing, using, or interacting with the Services you should carefully review the terms and conditions of this Privacy Notice, as well as our Terms of Service, which is incorporated into your agreement with Bruce Lee Enterprises by this reference. This Privacy Notice applies only to the Services, and Bruce Lee Enterprises’ collection, use, disclosure, and protection of your information. It does not apply to third party websites, applications, or services.
By using or interacting with our Services you signify your consent to our Privacy Notice and Terms of Service, and the collection, transfer, storage, disclosure, and use of your information described. If you do not agree to the terms of our Privacy Notice and Terms of Service, then you may not use or interact with the Services.
If you have questions about Bruce Lee Enterprises’ Privacy Notice or practices, or if you need to contact us about the information we collect about you, our contact information is at the end of this Privacy Notice.
Eligibility To Use The Services
Bruce Lee Enterprises’ Services are not directed to children under the age of 13. You may not use the Services if you are under the age of 13.
Information Collection & Use
Bruce Lee Enterprises collects information about you through various means, including when you provide information to us and when we automatically collect information about you when you access, use, or interact with the Services. We use this information for a variety of different reasons, including to improve the Services and tailor the Services to you. The types of information Bruce Lee Enterprises may collect include:
Information You Provide To Us:
Bruce Lee Newsletter Information: Bruce Lee Enterprises may require you to subscribe to a newsletter in order to use certain Services (a “Bruce Lee Newsletter”). We do not require you subscribe to use all of our Services. Bruce Lee Enterprises will collect certain information about you in connection with your subscription to the Bruce Lee Newsletter, which may include Personally Identifiable Information and other information such as a name and/or email address. “Personally Identifiable Information” refers to information about you that may be used to identify you, such as your: first name, last name, or email address.  Some of the information associated with your subscription to the Bruce Lee Enterprises Newsletter may be displayed publicly.
Payment Transaction Information: We may collect and store information related to your purchases or donations made through our Services. You may provide certain information to complete payments via the Services, including your name, address, credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address (collectively, “Payment Information”), along with your delivery or shipping address, to complete payment transactions through certain Services.  We consider the Payment Information collected via the Services private and Bruce Lee Enterprises will not make such information public.
Please note Bruce Lee Enterprises works with Service Providers (as defined below) to operate our online stores and handle payment transactions. Bruce Lee Enterprises does not itself collect or maintain your credit card or other financial account information; this information is handled for Bruce Lee Enterprises by our Service Providers. You are subject to the Privacy Policies and Terms of Service of our Service Providers when shopping for Bruce Lee products or making donations, the terms of which may differ from those of Bruce Lee Enterprises for the Services. Please review the Service Providers’ Privacy Policies and Terms of Service before using their services.
Form Information: We may use forms to request certain information from you in order to perform certain Services, such as your location to assist you in locating our products, or your contact information to assist with contacts or service requests. This information may include Personally Identifiable Information.
Correspondence Information: If you sign up, email us, subscribe to our newsletters or mailing lists, or make donations or purchases through the Services, we may keep your message, email address, and contact information to respond to your requests, provide the requested products or Services, and to provide notifications or other correspondences to you. We do not share or sell any personal information to other organizations for commercial purposes. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, you may opt-out of receiving certain communications from Bruce Lee Enterprises by following the unsubscribe process described in the email communication. We may also still contact you as needed to provide important announcements or notifications regarding the Services.
Support Information: You may provide information to us via a support request submitted through the Services. We will use this information to assist you with your support request and may maintain this information to assist you or other Users with support requests. Please do not submit any information to us via a support submission, including confidential or sensitive information that you do not wish for Bruce Lee Enterprises or our Service Providers to have access to or use in the future.
Information We Collect Automatically:
Cookies, Web Beacons, Links, And Other Tracking Technologies: Bruce Lee Enterprises may keep track of how you use and interact with the Services through the use of cookies, web beacons, links, and other tracking technologies.  We do this to help analyze the use of and improve the Services. Through these technologies we may automatically collect information about your use of the Services and other online activities, including our email correspondences, third-party services, and client applications, and certain online activities after you leave the Services. Link information is generally only analyzed on an aggregate basis. Some Services may not function properly if you disable cookies.
Unique Identifiers: When you use or access the Services, we may access, collect, monitor, store on your device, and/or remotely store one or more “Unique Identifiers,” such as a universally unique identifier (“UUID”). A Unique Identifier may remain on your device persistently, to help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the Services. Some features of the Services may not function properly if use or availability of Unique Identifiers is impaired or disabled.
Log File Information: When you use our Services, we may receive log file information such as your IP address, browser type, access times, domain names operating system, the referring web page(s), pages visited, location, your mobile carrier, device information (including device and application IDs), search terms, and cookie information. We receive log file data when you interact with our Services, for example, when you visit our websites, sign into our Services, or interact with our email notifications. Bruce Lee Enterprises uses log file data to provide, understand, and improve our Services, and to customize the content we show you. Bruce Lee Enterprises may link this log file to other information Bruce Lee Enterprises collects about you via the Services.
Public Information: Bruce Lee Enterprises may also collect information about you from publicly available sources. Information you make publicly available in any public or open forum, such as on a social network, may be considered public information for the purposes of this Privacy Notice, and may be accessed and collected by Bruce Lee Enterprises. Please be aware that any content or information you share with or provide to third parties using or related to your use of the Services is nether private, nor confidential. Bruce Lee Enterprises is not responsible for any content or information you post or share with third parties. If you do not wish for certain information to be public, please do not share it.
Information Sharing
Bruce Lee Enterprises will not share, sell, rent, or otherwise disclose your private personal information to third parties without your consent, except in the limited circumstances described in this Privacy Notice, including to:
Bruce Lee Enterprises Personnel: Bruce Lee Enterprises’ personnel may have access to your information as needed to provide and operate the Services in the normal course of business. This includes information regarding your use and interaction with the Services.
Service Providers: Bruce Lee Enterprises works with various organizations and individuals to help provide the Services to you (“Service Providers”), such as hosting companies, e-commerce shopping website providers to provide the online shops available via the Services, payment processors to process payments, and companies providing analytics information, like Google Analytics. We may share your personal information with our Service Providers for the purpose of providing the Services. The information we share to our Service Providers may include both information you provide to us and information we collect about you, including Personally Identifiable Information, Payment Information (to payment processing providers only), information from data collection tools like cookies, web beacons, log files, Unique Identifiers, and location data. Bruce Lee Enterprises takes reasonable steps to ensure that our Service Providers are obligated to reasonably protect your information on Bruce Lee Enterprises’ behalf. If Bruce Lee Enterprises becomes aware that a Service Provider is using or disclosing information improperly, we will take commercially reasonable steps to end or correct such improper use or disclosure.
Online Shops:  Bruce Lee Enterprises works with third party Service Providers to operate our online stores and handle payment transactions. When you click links such as “Shop” or “Donate” within our Services, you are redirected to one of our third party Service Provider’s platforms to shop and complete purchases. Bruce Lee Enterprises does not itself collect or maintain your credit card or other financial account information; this information is handled for Bruce Lee Enterprises by our Service Providers. Bruce Lee Enterprises does not collect additional information about you when you are using our Service Providers’ services, but our Service Providers may share certain information they collect about you with Bruce Lee Enterprises as part of your use of their services, such as information about customers who have made purchases after using Bruce Lee Enterprises’ Services. Please note you are subject to the Privacy Policies and Terms of Service of our Service Providers, including when shopping for Bruce Lee products or making donations, the terms of which may differ from those of Bruce Lee Enterprises for the Services. Please review the Service Providers’ Privacy Policies and Terms of Service before using their services.
Business Transactions: Bruce Lee Enterprises may purchase other businesses or their assets, sell our business assets, or be involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets (a “Business Transaction”). Your information, including Personally Identifiable Information, may be among assets sold or transferred as part of a Business Transaction.
Lawful Requests: We may be required to disclose User information pursuant to lawful requests, such as subpoenas or court orders, or in compliance with applicable laws. We generally do not disclose User information unless we have a good faith belief that an information request by law enforcement or private litigants meets applicable legal standards. We may share your information when we believe it is necessary to comply with applicable laws, to protect our interests or property, to prevent fraud or other illegal activity perpetrated through the Services or using the Bruce Lee Enterprises name, or to protect the safety of any person. This may include sharing information with other companies, lawyers, agents, or government agencies. Nothing in this Privacy Notice is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have to a third party’s, including a government’s, request to disclose your information.
Accessing & Modifying Your Information
Access To The Information Bruce Lee Enterprises Has Collected About You
Bruce Lee Enterprises welcomes you to contact us regarding the information we have collected about you, including regarding the nature and accuracy of the data has collected about you, or to request an update or deletion of your information. Requests to delete or remove your information do not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information posted, and removed information may persist in backup copies indefinitely. Please note that if you choose to delete your information or opt-out of the collection and use of your information, you understand that certain features, including but not limited to access to the Services, may no longer be available to you.
We may store the information we collect about you indefinitely, but information generally will be retained only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the information was collected, or as otherwise required by law.
Opting-Out Of Communications From Bruce Lee Enterprises
Users may opt-out of receiving certain communications from Bruce Lee Enterprises by following the unsubscribe process described in an email communication. However, please note you may not opt-out of Services-related communications, such as account verification, purchase and billing confirmations, changes or updates to features of the Services, or technical and security notices.
Do Not Track
Bruce Lee Enterprises does not currently employ a process for automatically responding to “Do Not Track” (DNT) signals sent by web browsers, mobile devices, or other mechanisms. Per industry standards, third parties may be able to collect information, including Personally Identifiable Information, about your online activities over time and across different websites or online services when you use Services. You may opt out of online behavioral ads at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/. You also may limit certain tracking by disabling cookies in your web browser.
Information Security
Security Of Your Information
Bruce Lee Enterprises takes reasonable efforts to secure and protect the privacy, accuracy, and reliability of your information and to protect it from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Bruce Lee Enterprises implements security measures as we deem appropriate and consistent with industry standards. When personal information (such as a credit card or bank account number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol. As no data security protocol is impenetrable, Bruce Lee Enterprises cannot guarantee the security of our systems or databases, nor can we guarantee that personal information we collect about you will not be breached, intercepted, destroyed, accessed, or otherwise disclosed without authorization. Accordingly, any information you transfer to or from Services is provided at your own risk.
Additional Provisions Regarding The Services & Your Information
Transfer And Storage Of Your Information
Please note information Bruce Lee Enterprises collects about you may be transferred, processed and/or accessed by us in the United States, or another country where we, or our Service Providers operate. Please be aware Personally Identifiable Information may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside of your state or country where privacy laws may differ from and may not be as protective as those where you live. If you are located outside the United States and choose to allow us to collect information about you, please be aware that Bruce Lee Enterprises may transfer your Personally Identifiable Information to the United States and process and store it there. By allowing collection of your Personally Identifiable Information, you consent to having your personal data transferred to, processed, and stored in the United States.
If you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer information to a country or jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction. It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of Service Providers. By submitting your information, registering for, or using the Services, you consent to the transfer, processing, and storage of your information in the United States, or any other country in which Bruce Lee Enterprises or our Service Providers maintain facilities, and to the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Notice.
Safely Using Bruce Lee Enterprises’ Services
Despite Bruce Lee Enterprises’ safety and privacy controls, we cannot guarantee the Services are entirely free of illegal, offensive, pornographic, or otherwise inappropriate material, or that you will not encounter inappropriate or illegal conduct from other Users when using the Services. You can help Bruce Lee Enterprises by notifying us of any unwelcome contact by contacting us using the information below.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
Bruce Lee Enterprises may, in its sole discretion modify or revise this Privacy Notice from time to time. The most current version of this policy will govern our use of your information and will be located here. By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Notice.
Terms of Service
These are the Terms of Service (“Terms”) for Bruce Lee Enterprises, LLC (“Bruce Lee Enterprises”) which govern your access to and use of all Bruce Lee Enterprises’ websites, including http://www.brucelee.com/, http://www.bruceleetea.com/, and http://bruceleefoundation.org/, and all other online services controlled or provided by Bruce Lee Enterprises (collectively, the “Services”). Please note your access to and use of the Services is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. By accessing or using the Services you agree you are bound by these Terms.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF SERVICE CAREFULLY AS THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS, OBLIGATIONS, AND AVAILABLE REMEDIES RESULTING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES. THESE INCLUDE VARIOUS LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS, AS DESCRIBED BELOW.
Your Acceptance Of The Terms
Please be aware that these Terms constitute a binding legal agreement between you and Bruce Lee Enterprises outlining your legal rights, obligations, and remedies arising from your use of the Services. You agree you are responsible for your use of the Services and any consequences resulting from your use of the Services. You may use the Services only in compliance with these Terms and all applicable local, state, national, and international laws, rules and regulations. If you do not agree to these Terms, you may not use the Services.
You may use the Services only if you can form a binding contract with Bruce Lee Enterprises and are not a person barred from receiving services under the laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions. If you are accepting these Terms and using the Services on behalf of a company, organization, government, or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to do so and that you agree, on behalf of the party that you represent, to this Agreement. If you reside in a jurisdiction that restricts the use of the Services because of age, or restricts the ability to enter into agreements such as this one due to age, you must abide by such age limits and you must not use the Services.
By accessing or using the Services, you (the “User”) represent and warrant that you have the right, authority, and capacity to enter into this Agreement, you will abide by these Terms, and that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound by these Terms, and by the terms of Bruce Lee Enterprises’ Privacy Notice. These Terms apply to anyone who accesses or uses the Services, whether or not you have registered for an account with Bruce Lee Enterprises. By using the Services you agree you accept the terms and conditions of the Terms and Privacy Notice, including any dispute resolution, arbitration, limitation of damages, and choice of law provisions. The Services are always evolving and the form and nature of the Services may change from time to time without prior notice to you. In addition, Bruce Lee Enterprises may permanently or temporarily stop providing the Services, or features of the Services, and may not provide you with prior notice.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF SERVICE CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICES. BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE YOU ARE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF SERVICE IN THEIR ENTIRETY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS INCLUDED WITHIN THESE TERMS, THEN YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES.
Privacy
Bruce Lee Enterprises knows you care about your privacy. Any information you or other users provide to Bruce Lee Enterprises or which we collect about you or others is subject to our Privacy Notice. To learn more about how Bruce Lee Enterprises collects, uses, shares, and secures your information, please review Bruce Lee Enterprises’ Privacy Notice here, which is incorporated into your agreement with Bruce Lee Enterprises by this reference.
Eligibility To Use The Services
The Services are intended for legal use by adults only and are not directed to children under the age of 13. You may not use the Services in any manner if you are under the age of 13 and any registration by anyone under 13 is void. By accessing or using the Services and thereby agreeing to these Terms, you represent and warrant to us: (1) that you are at least 13 years of age; (2) that you have not previously been suspended or removed from the Services; and (3) that your use of the Services is in compliance with any and all applicable laws and regulations.
Your Representations & Warranties to Bruce Lee Enterprises
By using the Services, you represent, warrant, and agree:
You will only use the Services for lawful purposes, and you will not use the Services for sending, storing, or distributing any unlawful material or for fraudulent purposes;
You will not use the Services to cause nuisance, annoyance or inconvenience;
You will not impair the proper operation of the Services or any network which is used to support or access the Services;
You will not try to harm the Services in any way whatsoever;
You will not copy, or distribute the Services or other content without written permission from Bruce Lee Enterprises;
You will only use the Services for your own use and will not resell any aspect of the Services to a third party;
You will keep secure and confidential your account password or any identification we may provide you which allows access to the Services; and
You will provide us with whatever proof of identity we may reasonably request.
User Conduct
As a condition of your use of the Services, you agree not to use the Services: (1) for any illegal purpose; (2) for any purpose that is prohibited by these Terms; or (3) for any other purpose not reasonably intended by Bruce Lee Enterprises as typical or expected use of the Services consistent with the purposes for which the Services were created. You specifically agree you will not do any of the following:
1.     Use the Services for or in connection with any illegal purpose, including any violation of any applicable local, state, national, or international law, or rule or regulation having the force of law;
2.     Abuse, harass, threaten, impersonate, or intimidate others;
3.     Post, upload, or otherwise distribute or post links to any content that is unlawful, defamatory, libelous, inaccurate, or that you do not have all necessary rights to transmit, or that Bruce Lee Enterprises or a reasonable person could deem to be objectionable, profane, indecent, pornographic, harassing, threatening, embarrassing, hateful, or otherwise inappropriate as determined by Bruce Lee Enterprises in its sole discretion;
4.     Post or transmit, or cause to be posted or transmitted, any communication or solicitation designed or intended to obtain any password or other confidential information, or private information from any Services User;
5.     Create or submit unwanted email (“Spam”) to any other person or any URL;
6.     Submit content linking or otherwise directing others to affiliate programs, multi-level marketing schemes, or off-topic content;
7.     With the exception of accessing RSS feeds, to use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Services for any purpose without our express written permission;
8.     Take any action that imposes, or may impose in our sole discretion an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure;
9.     Interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Services or any activities conducted on or through the Services;
10.   Bypass any measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Services or any part of the Services;
11.   Interfere with the operation of the Services or any User’s enjoyment of the Services, including without limitation, by: (i) uploading or otherwise disseminating viruses, adware, spyware, worms, or other malicious software or code; (ii) making unsolicited offers, advertisements, or other solicitations, directing spam or other unsolicited communications to other Users, or conducting your own contests or promotions using the Services; (iii) attempting to collect personal information about Users or third parties without their consent; or (iv) interfering with or disrupting any networks, equipment, or servers connected to or used to provide the Services, or violating the regulations, policies, or procedures of such networks, equipment, or servers;
12.   Share, sell, or otherwise transfer the access granted to you to the Services;
13.   Use the Services, related content, or any component thereof, for any unintended commercial purpose, including advertising, offering for sale, or selling any item using the Services;
14.   Violate, or encourage others to violate, the rights of third parties, including by infringing or misappropriating third party Intellectual Property or other legal rights;
15.   Reproduce, distribute, publicly display or perform, modify, make derivative works of, redistribute, sublicense, rent, publish, sell, assign, lease, market, transfer, or otherwise make the Services, Content, code or program, available to others, in whole or part;
16.   Interfere with security features of the Services, including without limitation, by: (i) disabling or circumventing features that prevent or limit use or copying of content, or which violate copyrighted or otherwise legally protected software; or (ii) reverse engineering or otherwise attempting to extract the source code of the Services or any part thereof, except to the extent that such activity is expressly permitted by applicable law;
17.   Perform any fraudulent activity using or in connection with the Services, including impersonating any person or entity, claiming false affiliations, accessing the accounts or passwords of others without permission, or falsifying your age, date of birth, or contact information; or
18.   Attempt to do any of the foregoing in this Section, or assist or permit any persons in engaging in any of the activities described in this Section.
Content & Licenses
Content Definitions
There are various types of content involved in providing and operating the Services. Throughout the remainder of these Terms, we will use the term “Content” to mean all text, links, graphics, images, photos, music, software, audio, video, information, software, copyrights, trademarks, trade dress, and other materials and intellectual properties comprising or included within the Services. “Bruce Lee Enterprises Content” means Content that Bruce Lee Enterprises makes available to you through the Services, including Content owned by Bruce Lee Enterprises or licensed to Bruce Lee Enterprises from a third party (excluding User Content). “User Content” means Content submitted, transmitted, or otherwise made available through the Services by a User whether or not a User owns or created the Content, including all copyrights, inventions, and other Intellectual Property rights. “Collective Content” collectively refers to all of the Content available through the Services, including Bruce Lee Enterprises Content and User Content.
Content Ownership
All Bruce Lee Enterprises Content is owned by Bruce Lee Enterprises or its third party licensing partners. Your use of the Services does not grant you any rights to the use or control of any of the Bruce Lee Enterprises Content, except those rights expressly granted by this Agreement. Any copying, republication, redistribution, or creation of derivative works based upon the Bruce Lee Enterprises Content, including by caching, framing or any similar means, without the prior written consent of Bruce Lee Enterprises is strictly prohibited.
The Services and Bruce Lee Enterprises Content are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of the United States and foreign countries. Except as expressly provided in these Terms, Bruce Lee Enterprises and its licensors exclusively own all right, title and interest in and to the Services and Bruce Lee Enterprises Content, including all associated Intellectual Property rights. You may not remove, alter or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the Services or Bruce Lee Enterprises Content. Bruce Lee Enterprises or its partners shall retain all worldwide rights in and to all Intellectual Property comprising or included within the Bruce Lee Enterprises Content, including, but not limited to all trademarks, images, text, quotes, graphics, logos, designs, page headers, button icons, scripts, service names, software code, the “look and feel” of the Services, and copyrighted works associated with the Service is common law and/or registered copyrights, trademarks, and/or trade dress of Bruce Lee Enterprises.
You should assume that everything you read or see on the Services is copyrighted or otherwise protected and owned by Bruce Lee Enterprises, or a third party who licensed the right to use such content to Bruce Lee Enterprises. Unless otherwise expressly noted, nothing that you read or see on the Services or other Collective Content, or any of the source code or HTML code that Bruce Lee Enterprises uses to generate the Services may be copied, reproduced, modified, distributed, transmitted, republished, displayed, or performed for commercial use without the prior written consent of Bruce Lee Enterprises or the appropriate Content owner without prior written consent, except as provided in these Terms or otherwise permitted by relevant law.
No Collective Content may be modified, copied, distributed, framed, reproduced, republished, downloaded, scraped, displayed, posted, transmitted, or sold in any form or by any means, in whole or in part, without Bruce Lee Enterprises’ prior written permission, with the exception of your own User Content that you legally post on the Services. Except for your own User Content, you may not upload or republish Collective Content on any Internet, Intranet or Extranet site or incorporate the information in any other database or compilation, and any other use of the Collective Content is strictly prohibited.
Bruce Lee Enterprises is not the publisher or speaker of User Content, or any other information on the Services provided by third party content providers, and Bruce Lee Enterprises is not liable for any claims related to such information. Any mention in the Services of products or Services provided by third parties is for informational purposes only and constitutes neither an endorsement nor a recommendation by Bruce Lee Enterprises. Bruce Lee Enterprises assumes no responsibility for those products or Services.
Bruce Lee Enterprises’ License to You
Subject to your compliance with these Terms, Bruce Lee Enterprises grants you, to the extent it is able to do so, a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to access, view, download, print, and otherwise use the Services and the Collective Content as intended.
You agree you will not use, copy, adapt, modify, prepare derivative works based upon, distribute, license, sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, stream, broadcast or otherwise exploit the Services or Collective Content, except as expressly permitted in these Terms. No licenses or rights are granted to you by implication or otherwise except for the licenses and rights expressly granted in these Terms. Any use of the Services or the Collective Content other than as specifically authorized herein, without the prior written permission of Bruce Lee Enterprises, is strictly prohibited and will immediately terminate the license granted herein. Such unauthorized use may also violate applicable laws including copyright and trademark laws and applicable communications regulations and statutes. Unless explicitly stated herein, nothing in these Terms shall be construed as conferring any license to Intellectual Property rights, whether by estoppel, implication or otherwise. This license is revocable by Bruce Lee Enterprises at any time without notice and with or without cause.
Your License to Bruce Lee Enterprises
Certain features of the Services may permit our Users to submit or transmit User Content they created, owned, or are authorized to use, to be made available through the Services. By making available User Content through the Services, you hereby grant to Bruce Lee Enterprises and its respective subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, assigns, licensees, resellers, sub-licensees, and other such parties as Bruce Lee Enterprises may designate from time to time, which may include any or all other users of the Services, an irrevocable, worldwide, perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, sublicensable, royalty-free license, to use, reproduce, access, view, copy, adapt, import, edit, modify, reformat, translate, post, distribute, license, sell, offer to sell, transfer, commercialize, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, stream, broadcast, create derivative works from, and otherwise utilize such User Content, in whole or in part, for any purpose whatsoever, in any and all media and distribution methods (now known or later developed), including, without limitation, on or within the Services, or for advertising or marketing of the Services, as well as a license to use your name and likeness in marketing materials and in the Services to promote your use of the Services. You agree and acknowledge that this license cannot be terminated and the waiver cannot be revoked without the express written consent of Bruce Lee Enterprises once you have submitted User content within the Services.
Your grant of this license to Bruce Lee Enterprises to utilize your User Content and any derivative works of the User Content created by using the Services does not displace your ownership of the User Content, or any license or authority you may have from any third parties to utilize the Content you share as User Content. Bruce Lee Enterprises does not claim ownership rights in your User Content and nothing in these Terms will be deemed to restrict any rights that you may have to use and exploit any such User Content.
You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for all User Content that you make available through the Services. Accordingly, you represent and warrant that: (1) you either are the sole and exclusive owner of all User Content that you make available through the Services, or that you have all rights, licenses, consents, and releases necessary to utilize and share the User Content, and to grant Bruce Lee Enterprises the rights in such User Content contemplated under these Terms; (2) neither the User Content, your posting, uploading, publication, submission, or transmittal of the User Content, or Bruce Lee Enterprises’ use of the User Content (or any portion thereof) on, through, or by means of the Services will infringe, misappropriate, or violate a third party’s patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, moral rights, or other Intellectual Property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy, or contractual rights or agreements, or result in the violation of any applicable law or regulation; and (3) any persons identified, depicted, or shown in your User Content, in whole or part, if any, (and if a minor, the parent or guardian of the minor) has provided consent to the use of the User Content on and through the Services.
We do not approve, control or endorse your or anyone else’s User Content and have no obligation to do so. However, we reserve the right (but assume no obligation) to remove or modify any User Content from the Services at any time, for any reason.
Third Party Advertising & Marketing
Bruce Lee Enterprises may employ third party advertising and marketing to deliver ads, information, and other promotions to you, both through the Services, and via other mechanisms to provide such materials to you outside of the Services such as on third party websites or platforms. By agreeing to our Terms, you agree to receive such advertising and marketing from Bruce Lee Enterprises and our partners. If you do not wish to receive such advertising, you may notify us in writing using the contact information provided below. Bruce Lee Enterprises may compile and release information regarding you and your use of the Services on an anonymous basis as part of a customer profile or similar report or analysis. You agree that it is your responsibility to take reasonable precautions in all actions and interactions with any third party you interact with through the Services.
Intellectual Property
Bruce Lee Enterprises and its licensors and partners own all rights, titles, and interests in and to the Services, and all related Intellectual Property rights, including all registered and unregistered trademarks, images, text, quotes, trade dress, graphics, logos, designs, page headers, button icons, scripts, service names, software code, inventions, copyrights, and copyrightable works, and any suggestions, ideas, enhancement requests, feedback, recommendations or other information provided by you or any other party relating to the Services, excluding User Content (collectively, the “Bruce Lee Enterprises IP”). Bruce Lee Enterprises IP may not be used in connection with any product or service in any manner that is likely to cause confusion or otherwise violate the rights granted to us in Bruce Lee Enterprises IP, including use of any Bruce Lee Enterprises IP as part of third party trademarks, trade dress, and/or as part of domain names, email addresses, account names or handles, or other digital properties.
This Agreement is not a sale and does not convey to you any rights of ownership in or related to the Services, or any Intellectual Property rights owned by Bruce Lee Enterprises. The Bruce Lee Enterprises name, the Bruce Lee Enterprises logos and designs, and the product and service names associated with the Services are trademarks of Bruce Lee Enterprises or its affiliated third parties, and no right or license is granted to you by this Agreement to use the Bruce Lee Enterprises IP for purposes not directly related to your use of the Services.
Linking & Framing
Bruce Lee Enterprises grants you a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the webpages of the Services, so long as the links do not portray Bruce Lee Enterprises or its products or Services in a false or misleading manner. You may not use any of Bruce Lee Enterprises’ logo or other proprietary graphics or trademarks as part of the link without express permission. “Framing” or “mirroring” the Services or any of their content is prohibited without the prior written consent of Bruce Lee Enterprises.
The Services may contain links to third-party websites or resources, such as our online store, YouTube, Twitter, and Facebook. You acknowledge and agree that Bruce Lee Enterprises is not responsible or liable for: (i) the availability or accuracy of such websites or resources; or (ii) the content, products, or services on or available from such websites or resources. Links to such websites or resources do not imply any endorsement by Bruce Lee Enterprises of such websites or resources or the content, products, or services available from such websites or resources. You acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from your use of any such websites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that Bruce Lee Enterprises shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or Services available on or through any such site or resource.
Email Notifications
As part of your use of the Services, you may be asked to elect to receive certain email notifications from Bruce Lee Enterprises and its partners. These messages may include event updates and other promotions. Your election to receive such messages represents your express written consent to receiving emails from Bruce Lee Enterprises related to the Services. You may opt-out of receiving certain notifications in association with the Services by completing the opt-out process provided to you with each email message. By opting-out of receiving notifications, you understand that we may not be able to communicate important information to you. Please note we may still contact you regarding certain important Services announcements or notifications even if you have opted-out from other messages.
Notices
You consent to receive from Bruce Lee Enterprises all communications, including notices, agreements, legally required disclosures or other information in connection with the Services (collectively, “Notices”) electronically. Bruce Lee Enterprises may provide such Notices by posting them on or within the Services, or by electronic mail to your email address on record in Bruce Lee Enterprises’ account information.
Termination
Bruce Lee Enterprises may change, suspend or discontinue the Services for any reason, at any time, including the availability of any Services, features, or Content, without notice to you. Bruce Lee Enterprises may also impose limits on certain Services, features, or Content, or restrict your access to parts or all of the Services with or without notice to you.
Bruce Lee Enterprises may also terminate or suspend your use of or access to the Services at any time, immediately, without notice, and without refund, for any violation of these Terms, in our sole and absolute discretion. Upon such termination or suspension, you must immediately cease accessing or using the Services, and agree not to access, re-download, re-register or otherwise make use of, or attempt to use, the Services.
Bruce Lee Enterprises may also remove or disable access to any Collective Content and suspend or ban your access to the Services or any Bruce Lee Enterprises account at any time for any violation of these Terms, including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities relating to such content. To report violations of the Terms, please contact Bruce Lee Enterprises using the information below. You are solely responsible for your interactions with other Users of the Services. Bruce Lee Enterprises reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor disputes between you and other Users.
You acknowledge that we reserve the right to take action, technical, legal, or otherwise, to block, nullify, or deny your ability to access the Services. You understand that we may exercise this right in our sole discretion, and this right shall be in addition to and not in substitution for any other rights and remedies otherwise available to Bruce Lee Enterprises. Continued use of the Services, its components, databases, or documentation, or any part thereof, after termination is a breach of the terms of this Agreement and a violation of copyright laws. You acknowledge that we may disable access to, refuse to post, or modify or remove any information or content, in whole or in part, for any reason or no reason at all. All provisions of this Agreement, which by their nature should survive termination, shall survive the termination of this Agreement, including, without limitation, provisions regarding ownership, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, and limitations of liability.
Export Control
You agree to comply fully with all U.S. and foreign export laws and regulations to ensure that neither the Services, nor any technical data related thereto, nor any direct product thereof, is exported or re-exported directly or indirectly in violation of, or used for any purposes prohibited by, such laws and regulations. By using the Services, you represent and warrant that: (1) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (2) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
International Use
The Services are controlled and operated by Bruce Lee Enterprises from within the United States. Bruce Lee Enterprises makes no representations that materials contained within the Services are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to the Services from locations where such activity is illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to use the Services from other locations do so of their own initiative and are solely responsible for compliance with all applicable laws.
Indemnity
You agree you shall indemnify and hold harmless Bruce Lee Enterprises, its subsidiaries, affiliates, successors or assigns and their respective directors, officers, shareholders, and employees against any and all loss, injury, death, damage, liability, claim, deficiency, action, judgment, interest, award, penalty, fine, cost or expense, including reasonable attorney and professional fees and costs, and the cost of enforcing any right to indemnification hereunder and the cost of pursuing any insurance providers arising out of or related to the Services, use of the Services, violation of the Terms, or the infringement by you of any Intellectual Property, or violation of any right of any person or entity by you.
Warranty Disclaimers
You acknowledge that Bruce Lee Enterprises has no control over, and no duty to take any action regarding: (1) which Users gain access to the Services; (2) what effects the Content or the Services may have on you; (3) how you may interpret or use the Content or the Services; or (4) what actions you may take as a result of having been exposed to the Content or the Services.
You release Bruce Lee Enterprises from all liability for you having acquired or not acquired Content through the Services. The Services may contain, or direct you to sites containing, information that some people may find offensive or inappropriate. Bruce Lee Enterprises makes no representations concerning any content contained in or accessed through the Services, and Bruce Lee Enterprises will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality or decency of material contained in or accessed through the Services. Bruce Lee Enterprises makes no guarantee or warranty, express or implied, as to the reliability, accuracy, timeliness or completeness of that information and assumes no responsibility for any errors or omissions therein. Bruce Lee Enterprises cannot guarantee that you will obtain the results you seek or warrant that Services will be error-free.  Bruce Lee Enterprises makes no representation or warranty of any kind with respect to use of Services or the use or accuracy of the information on the Services.
USER ACCESSES THESE SERVICES AT HIS OR HER OWN RISK. THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS, AS AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, AS TO THE DESCRIPTION, QUALITY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY SERVICES PROVIDED HEREUNDER OR DESCRIBED HEREIN, OR AS TO ANY OTHER MATTER, ALL OF WHICH WARRANTIES BY BRUCE LEE ENTERPRISES ARE HEREBY DISCLAIMED. NEITHER BRUCE LEE ENTERPRISES NOR ANY PARENT COMPANIES, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, LICENSORS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS WARRANT THAT THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE AND NO WARRANTY IS MADE AS TO THE RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED FROM USE OF THE SERVICE. THIS DISCLAIMER IS APPLICABLE TO ANY DAMAGE OR INJURY RESULTING FROM NEGLIGENCE OR OMISSION OF BRUCE LEE ENTERPRISES, COMPUTER VIRUS OR OTHER SIMILAR ITEM, TELECOMMUNICATIONS ERRORS, OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF USER INFORMATION THROUGH THEFT OR ANY OTHER MEANS. IN NO EVENT WILL BRUCE LEE ENTERPRISES OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES, AGENTS, EMPLOYEES, ASSIGNS OR THIRD PARTY CONTENT PROVIDERS BE HELD LIABLE FOR ANY CRIMINAL, TORTIOUS, OR NEGLIGENT ACTIONS OR OMISSIONS, OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF USERS OF THE SERVICES.
Limitation of Liability
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT ANY EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF ITS LIABILITY IS VOID, PROHIBITED OR UNENFORCEABLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER BRUCE LEE ENTERPRISES NOR ITS AFFILIATES, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR THIRD PARTY CONTENT PROVIDERS SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS RESULTING FROM USE OR UNAVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION OR CONTENT ON THESE SERVICES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF OR DAMAGE TO DATA OR INFORMATION OF ANY KIND, DAMAGE TO EQUIPMENT, HARDWARE OR OTHER PROPERTY OF USER, PERSONAL INJURY, OR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, COMPENSATORY OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES (WHETHER THE CLAIM IS BASED UPON BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, STRICT LIABILITY, NEGLIGENCE, TORT OR OTHER LEGAL THEORY) ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR IN CONNECTION WITH USE OF THE SERVICES OR CONTENT, OR FOR ANY DIRECT DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF $100 (IN THE AGGREGATE), EVEN IF THEY HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
The “Disclaimer” and “Limitation of Liability” provisions of this Agreement are for the benefit of Bruce Lee Enterprises as defined herein, and each of these individuals or entities shall have the right to assert and enforce these provisions directly against you on its own behalf.
General Terms
Entire Agreement
The Terms, including the incorporated Bruce Lee Enterprises Privacy Notice, constitutes the entire agreement between Users of the Services and Bruce Lee Enterprises regarding Users’ use of and access to the Services. Your use of the Services is intended for your enjoyment and benefit and the provision of the Services to you constitutes the sole and sufficient consideration that you are entitled to receive for any content or other contributions you have made to the Services.
Waiver & Severability
The failure of Bruce Lee Enterprises to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be deemed a waiver of such right or provision. In the event that any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, then that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary, and the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect.
Controlling Law & Jurisdiction
These Terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to or application of its conflict of law provisions or your state or country of residence. All claims, legal proceedings or litigation arising in connection with the Services will be brought solely in the federal or state courts located in Los Angeles County, California, United States, and you consent to the jurisdiction of and venue in such courts and waive any objection as to inconvenient forum. Neither the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods nor any enactment of the Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act shall apply to this Agreement. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of, related to or connected with the use of the Services or this Agreement must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever banned. In any action or proceeding to enforce or interpret this Agreement, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover from the other party its costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) incurred in connection with such action or proceeding and enforcing any judgment or order obtained.
Transfer & Assignment
This Agreement and the rights and obligations hereunder may not be assigned, in whole or in part, by you without the written consent of Bruce Lee Enterprises. This Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the successors, representatives and permitted assigns of the parties hereto.
No Independent Contractor or Joint Venture
The parties shall be independent contractors under this Agreement, and nothing herein will constitute either party as the employer, employee, agent or representative of the other party, or both parties as joint venturers or partners for any purpose.
Changes To Our Terms
Bruce Lee Enterprises may, in its sole discretion, modify or revise these Terms of Service from time to time. The most current version of these Terms will govern your use of the Services and will be located here.  By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms of Service.
Contact Bruce Lee Enterprises
Bruce Lee Enterprises, LLC
9854 National Blvd. Suite 181
Los Angeles, CA 90034
info@brucelee.com / hello@brucelee.com
Copyright notice:
©, 2016 Bruce Lee Foundation. All Rights Reserved