https://brumilda.com/privacy/
x
Brümilda van Rensburg
Actor, Actress, Aktrise – Official Site
Home
About Brumilda
Bio – Afrikaans
Bio – English
CV Pro – Afrikaans
CV Pro – English
Egoli Life
Projects & Events
Make-overs
Contact Brumilda
Drama Courses
Drama Courses
Application Forms
Brümilda’s Drama Course Application – Drama
Brümilda’s Drama Course Application – Kids
Drama Course Galleries
Act – Academy & Agency
Act – Academy & Agency
ACT Agency – Academic
ACT Agency – Female
ACT Agency – Male
ACT Agency – Kids & Teens
ACT Agency – Cape Town
Skip to content
Brumilda.com (Brumilda van Rensburg) – Privacy Statement
In using this website you are deemed to have read and agreed to the following terms and conditions:
The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice and any or all Agreements: “Client”, “You” and “Your” refers to you, the person accessing this website and accepting the Owner’s terms and conditions. “The Owner”, “Ourselves”, “We” and “Us”, refers to our Company / Brand, namely Brumilda van Rensburg and brumilda.com. “Party”, “Parties”, or “Us”, refers to both the Client and ourselves, or either the Client or ourselves. Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalisation and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.
Privacy Statement
We are committed to protecting your privacy. Authorized employees within The Owner on a need to know basis only use any information collected from individual customers. We constantly review our systems and data to ensure the best possible service to our customers. Parliament has created specific offences for unauthorised actions against computer systems and data. We will investigate any such actions with a view to prosecuting and/or taking civil proceedings to recover damages against those responsible
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyse trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. Additionally, for systems administration, detecting usage patterns and troubleshooting purposes, our web servers automatically log standard access information including browser type, access times/open mail, URL requested, and referral URL. This information is not shared with third parties and is used only within the Owner on a need-to-know basis. Any individually identifiable information related to this data will never be used in any way different to that stated above without your explicit permission.
Cookies
Like most interactive web sites the Owner’s website [or ISP] uses cookies to enable us to retrieve user details for each visit. Cookies are used in some areas of our site to enable the functionality of this area and ease of use for those people visiting. Some of our affiliate partners may also use cookies.
Notification of Changes
The Owner reserves the right to change these conditions from time to time as it sees fit and your continued use of the site will signify your acceptance of any adjustment to these terms. If there are any changes to our privacy policy, we will announce that these changes have been made on our home page and on other key pages on our site. If there are any changes in how we use our site customers’ Personally Identifiable Information, notification by e-mail or postal mail will be made to those affected by this change. Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on our web site 30 days prior to these changes taking place. You are therefore advised to re-read this statement on a regular basis
These terms and conditions form part of the Agreement between the Client and ourselves. Your accessing of this website and/or undertaking of a booking or Agreement indicates your understanding, agreement to and acceptance, of the Disclaimer Notice and the full Terms and Conditions contained herein. Your statutory Consumer Rights are unaffected.