http://buddyguitar.com/wp/privacy/
Skip to content
ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY – Revised May 22, 2018
General notice and copyright information:
Thank you for visiting www.buddyguitar.com.  The website at www.buddyguitar.com also referred to as “the site” or “this site”, including all media such as graphics, photos, videos, audio, text, logos, trademarks, etc are copyrighted works belonging to Buddy Tetreault unless they are copyrighted by another entity, for example names, trademarks, logos, graphics, etc of third party sites, services and/or for products and/or services of whom Buddy may be an endorsing artist or who may have advertising on this site.  In such instances copyrights are held by their respective owners and any such copyrighted works are included on this site within the principals of fair use and/or with the permission and authorization of their respective copyright owners.
Other than for the purpose of page caching in your browser, copying or modifying any of the content of this site is strictly prohibited unless you have the expressed permission of Buddy to do so.  Any violation of this can be grounds for legal action against you for malicious hacking of an electronic site, server and/or for copyright infringement.
As such, you are granted the right to use the site subject to the terms and conditions of use set forth in this Privacy Policy.  BY USING THIS SITE, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE IN THIS ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY; IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, THEN PLEASE IMMEDIATELY HALT YOUR USE OF THE SITE.
Copyright Complaints:
This site respects the intellectual property of others.  If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please email us using the Contact page and provide us with the information so we can review it and get back to you.
Changes to this site and/or this Privacy Policy:
This Online Privacy Policy governs your visit to this site.  We reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, and these terms of use at any time.  We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to revise the terms and conditions by updating this Privacy Policy.  It is your sole responsibility to review this Privacy Policy periodically for changes to any terms or conditions of use.  Following the posting of changes, your use of, or continued use of this site means you accept and agree to any and all changes.
Severablity:
If any of these terms or conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that term or condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any of the remaining terms and conditions.
How information may be collected:
On this site, you can learn about Buddy, view any products he may have available, his music, purchase merchandise, request information, view his tour schedule and participate in chat rooms on bulletin boards or comments as they appear on the site.  This site may collect information from you as soon as you visit the site through:
The use of cookies (small packets of data placed on your devices hard drive through your browser).  This can be avoided if you follow the instructions widely available in the help section included on most web-browsers.  PLEASE NOTE: If you do not allow cookies to be installed, this site may not function properly and/or you may not be able to place online orders as a result.
Information you voluntarily provide to us by emailing us directly or through using the Contact page
For any other reason, including but not limited to:
Sweepstakes
Promotions
Purchasing products or services
Joining the newsletter list in order to receive news, updates, notifications, tour information, or any other information from or about the site, about Buddy and/or about information Buddy may like to share with those who voluntarily joint his mailing list.  If you are on the mailing list and would, at any time, like to have your contact details removed from the mailing list, updated or adjusted in any way, please email us via the Contact page of this site and we will help you as soon as possible (please note: even though Buddy tries to respond within 2 working days (excluding weekends and holidays) of receipt of emails.  Buddy and/or those who help him maintain the site are often busy touring and/or are involved in full-time ministry.  So, there are times it can be difficult to respond that quickly… if this is the case, please be patient).  If after 1 week, excluding the month of December (this time of year is almost always hectic), you have not had a response to an email, please resend the email, as emails occasionally do not arrive for technical reasons.
Information obtained from third parties:
Additionally, we may receive your information from third part sites and/or services that we may cooperate with, work with or partner with in the process of giveaways, sweepstakes, any other promotional event or program, as a result of partnerships, mergers, acquisitions of other entities services and/or sites, etc.  If your information is acquired by us in any such or similar manner, this Privacy Policy shall at the moment of our acquisition of your information, be in full force and effect.  The same provision regarding the modification, or removal of your information shall apply as already set forth herein.
What kind of personal information we may collect:
This site may automatically collect visitor data automatically, such as an IP address of each visitor.  In addition to any automatic data collection, in certain areas of this site, we may ask you to voluntarily provide us with personal information.  The kinds of personal information that we may request can include, but may not be limited to things like your:
Name
Physical address
E-mail address
Telephone number
Mobile phone number
Credit or debit card information
And information regarding your interests in a variety of products, programs, and services.
All such information will be used in accordance with the terms and conditions of this privacy policy.
We may use the information you provide in the following ways:
To improve and maintain this website.
To respond to your requests about purchases.
To communicate with you information we think will be of interest to you, such as for promotions, upcoming tour dates for events near you, new CD releases, things Buddy may think would be of interest, general updates, etc.
And for internal planning, marketing and research purposes.
Information sharing and transfer:
We take your privacy very seriously and do not sell nor rent your personal information to others.  However, we may disclose personally identifiable information to governmental, judicial or law enforcement authorities, or to other individuals or entities when we believe it is necessary:
To investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of the site, any person, violations of our terms of use in this Privacy Policy, or as otherwise may be required by law.
To carry out transactions with you, such as transferring your information to payment processors, credit card companies and/or shipping services which may assist in the processing and shipping of your orders.
In the event of a sweepstakes, competition, giveaway or other promotional event or program on or through this site, or in partnership with any third party site or service, we may need to share your information with third party sites and/or services.
Or additionally, we may transfer personal information if we are acquired by or merged with another entity.
We will otherwise not knowingly share your information with anyone except as stated in this Privacy Policy.
Security:
Although security is very important, it however is impossible to guarantee that any information transmitted over the internet can be done so securely.  While it is our intent to maintain the privacy of the information you transmit to and/or through our website, we cannot guarantee this information will remain confidential or secure.
How Your Information is Protected:
Information you provide us is protected to the best of out abilities using technical, administrative and physical measures as safeguards against your information being compromised by or disclosed to an unauthorized third party precautions including administrative, technical, and physical measures to safeguard your personal information.
Data Retention:
Data collected is not deleted unless requested.  There are some metrics that are automatically purged after specific periods of time (often after 1 year) but this is not something that is guaranteed.
If the site, its servers or other services are subjected to a cyber attack, data may be retained for extended periods of time to determine the source of said attack.  In such cases your data may be retained regardless of a request to change, update or delete any personal data.
Access, Changes and Erasure of your data:
In general, if you would like to have your data erased, contact information changed or updated,
Disclosure relating to the collection of information by Third Party Sites:
Our terms of use and privacy policy only applies to your use of this website.  This site contains links to other sites, and we may use the services of third party services for payment processing, data analysis, marketing, site security or other purposes, these sites and/or services are governed by their own terms of use and/or privacy policies, and we are not responsible for their operations and/or practices.  We encourage you to read the terms of use and/or privacy policies of each site you visit so you can determine what, and how your information may be collected, processed and stored.
Do Not Track Requests:
At this time, we do not alter our behavior or change any services when our site receives a “do not track” request from web browsers or other means, and have no way to transmit such a request to any third party sites and/or service providers.  We suggest instead utilizing some means of disabling or deleting cookies as an alternative.  Please remember that doing so may affect the functionality of this site.
Disclaimer Of Warranties And Limitation Of Liability:
THIS SITE IS PROVIDED BY Buddy ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS.  Buddy MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THIS SITE OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THIS SITE. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, Buddy DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  Buddy DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS SITE, ITS SERVERS, OR E-MAIL SENT FROM Buddy ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS OR SOFTWARE.  Buddy WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
THE LAWS OF SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
International Users:
We currently collect, process and maintain your information in the United States, where privacy laws may not be as protective as in your home country.  If you are using this web site from outside the United States, by providing personal information to us you are consenting to the transfer of the information to the United States for processing and maintaining in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.
In the event that this site is re-domiciled or moved to another country, your information will, in as secure a manner as we can, also be transferred to that country.  Any/all other terms and conditions of this, or a future revision of this Privacy Policy shall remain in effect as appropriate.
Children’s Privacy:
Although this site is not built with the intent to serve objectionable material.  However, thoughts, ideas and beliefs are all subjective in nature, and not everyone agrees on all thoughts, ideas and beliefs.  We respect the rights/responsibilities of parents/legal guardians to regulate a child’s access to such content. With this in mind, this site is not directed to children and we do not knowingly market or solicit information from any child under the age of 16.  In the event we learn that a child under 16 sends personal information to us, we will attempt to delete that information as soon as possible.  If you are under the age of 16 please only visit this site WITH A PARENT OR YOUR PARENT/LEGAL GUARDIAN PRESENT.
How to contact us:
If you have any comments, questions or concerns about this Online Privacy Policy or would like to exercise any of the rights given under this policy, you may email using our Contact page detailing your comments, questions or concerns.
Share this:Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Skype (Opens in new window)
Buddy’s BITS
BIT 40
BIT-39
BIT-38
BIT-37
BIT-36
Buddy’s BITS CategoriesBuddy’s BITS Categories
Select Category
Agriculture
Artists
Banjo
Buddy
Culture
Experiences
Food
Guitar
Leather
Ministry
Music
News
People
Regions
Americas
Central America
Costa Rica
Panama
North America
united States of America
Europe
British Isles
England
Ireland
Northern Ireland
Wales
Continental
Germany
Stories
Travel
More
Entries RSS
Here is another project I am working on!
Our Policy relating to the use of Cookies
can be found here.
Translate this siteSearch this Site!
Search for:
Search
Social Media My latest video!
Subscribe to my YouTube Channel!
Follow me on Instagram
https://www.instagram.com/buddygtr/
Join the Mailing List!
Please leave this field emptySubscribe to my newsletter to receive newsletters, notices and important updates from me!
By subscribing, you are acknowledging that you have read and fully agree to the Privacy Policy. (link opens in new browser window)
(Required) * I hereby agree to the Privacy Policy.
Check your inbox or spam folder now to confirm your subscription.
Be sure to add buddy@buddyguitar.com to your 'safe' or 'trusted' senders list to be sure to always receive updates!
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Cancel
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.