https://burningword.com/privacy-policy/
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
October 2020 / issue 96
//
Submissions open Oct 1st - Dec 10th
Privacy Policy & GDPR
Who we are
Burningword Literary Journal (ISSN 2161-8992 print / ISSN 2157-7366 online) is a quarterly publication. Our website address is: https://burningword.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site, we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Contact forms
When using the Contact forms on the site, we collect the data shown in the contact form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection. This information is used solely to help us receive and respond to your communications. We never give or sell your data to anyone.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site, you may opt-in to save your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me,” your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after one day.
Analytics
We use Google Analytics, a platform that offers insights into visitor traffic. This service collects your page requests, browser and system information, and cookies generated from our site, Burningword.com. The information is used to provide us with anonymous data to help us understand how the website is being used and how we might improve our services to support your preferred browsers and platforms. Additionally, the following data are collected and stored for activity tracking: IP address, referring URL, timestamp of event, browser language, and country code.
Data collected to manage your membership
Burningword offers a free membership that does not request or store any payment-related data. Burningword also offers paid membership levels. During checkout for a paid membership, you are redirected to an offsite payment gateway (Paypal) to complete a payment (if any). Your billing address and phone number may be stored temporarily, during the setup of your account when you return to our site.
Who we share your data with and how long we retain your data
We do not share your data with anyone, for any reason.
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users who register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also view and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have created an account on this site, you can view and delete any of the personal data you have provided to us. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
If you have submitted content for consideration in our publication, you can use the self-service features built into the submission system to monitor the status of your submissions and review the data previously submitted. The submissions application we use provides tools that allow you to export your data as a CSV file easily.
Where we send your data
Unless otherwise requested by you before publication, your email address is included in the context of a “byline” of your published work(s) in all our published formats. Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service. We never give or sell your data to anyone. Any biographical information provided by the author, including any external links, is included in the context of a “bio” of your published work(s) in all our published formats.
If you submit content for consideration in our publication, then we solely store the information you give us in your submission (name, bio/statement, e-mail address, city and country, website address). We use this information (in the way you can see on our website) solely in connection with the publication for which you submitted your work.  We never give or sell your data to anyone.
Last Updated May 30, 2018
Issues
issue 96
issue 95
issue 94
issue 93
issue 92
issue 91
issue 90
issue 89
issue 88
issue 87
issue 86
issue 85
issue 84
issue 83
issue 82
issue 81
issue 80
issue 79
issue 78
issue 77
issue 76
issue 75
issue 74
issue 73
issue 72
issue 71
issue 70
issue 69
issue 68
issue 67
issue 66
issue 65
issue 64
issue 63
issue 62
issue 61
issue 60
issue 59
issue 58
issue 57
issue 56
issue 55
issue 54
issue 53
issue 52
issue 49
issue 48
issue 47
issue 46
issue 45
issue 44
issue 43
issue 42
issue 41
issue 40
issue 39
issue 38
issue 37
issue 36
issue 35
issue 34
issue 33
issue 32
issue 31
issue 30
issue 29
issue 28
issue 27
issue 26
issue 25
issue 24
issue 23
issue 22
issue 21
issue 20
issue 19
issue 18
issue 17
issue 16
issue 15
issue 14
issue 13
issue 12
issue 11
issue 10
issue 09
issue 08
issue 07
issue 06
issue 05
issue 04
issue 03
issue 02
issue 01
Genres poetry
photography
nonfiction
fiction
random read Print & Digital Issues
Issue 96, October 2020
Burrdowning Press
60 pages, perfect bound
Print + eBook: $15.00
Featuring: Issue 96, published October 2020, features works of poetry, flash fiction, short nonfiction, and photography by Tobi Alfier, Jan Ball, Jessica Barksdale, Julie Benesh, Christopher Paul Brown, Tetman Callis, Pamela Hobart Carter , Patrice Boyer Claeys, Robert Daseler, Adeet Deshmukh, Kathryn DeZur, Connor Doyle, Shawna Ervin, Robert René Galván, Gail Ghai, Luminous Humidity, Soyoung Koo, Janine Kovac, James Latimer, Charlotte Lee, Harry Longstreet, Alice Lowe, Geoff Martin, Erika Nichols-Frazer, Tali Perch, Hiram Perez, Sue Powers, Diana Raab, Caroline Rowe, Michael Salcman, Mervyn R Seivwright, Kayann Short, Dianne Silvestri, Brigitte Stepanov, Ann Christine Tabaka, Sally Zakariya.
Subscribe
Subscribe to our NewsletterReceive monthly news and updates about upcoming deadlines, awards, and new publications.
SUBSCRIBE!
You have Successfully Subscribed!