https://cadenza.org.uk/wordpress/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Menu
Home
About
News
Musical Director
Our Patron
Friends of Cadenza
Reviews
Concerts
Previous Concerts
Join
Music Hire
CDs
Bright Star
Contact
Mailing List
Members
Printer-Friendly Privacy & Cookie NoticeDownload
What is this guide for?
Whenever we need to collect any of your data, we will let you at that point why we need to do so and what it will be used for, but this guide provides a useful overview of all of those situations and provides more detail on how we keep your data secure and up to date, how long we might hold it for, and what your rights are in relation to it.
Cadenza is committed to protecting your personal data and will use any personal or sensitive data we collect from you in line with the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR).
Who’s responsible for data the group collects?
Cadenza is a Data Controller under the GDPR. Cadenza’s Data Protection Officer is the Chair who can be contacted at chair@cadenza.org.uk.
What data do we collect and what do we use it for?
Cadenza collects data from individuals to help us plan, organise and run the day-to-day operations of the group (e.g. co-ordinating rehearsals or collecting subscription payments) and to promote and market the group’s activities (e.g. marketing mailing lists and photography/video capture).
Members: for administering membership
When you join Cadenza as a member, or during your membership with us, we may need to collect some of the following information on you:
Name
Email address
Postal address
Phone number
Emergency contact details
Subscription payments
Gift Aid declarations
Bank details
Medical information
Age / DOB
Attendance records
Photos/video footage
This data will be used by committee members to manage your membership with Cadenza and to organise and run our activities.
If you give us your consent to do so, we may also use your contact details to send you marketing/promotional communications from the group.
Any marketing/promotional communication we send you will include a clear option to withdraw your consent (e.g. to ‘opt out’ of future emails) and you can also withdraw consent at any point by contacting the Data Protection Officer – the Chair.
Friends of Cadenza: for administration, marketing and promotion
We offer a paid supporter scheme – Friends of Cadenza – which provides discounted tickets and merchandise in return for a small annual fee. As a Friend, you will receive marketing and promotional information on the group’s activities (e.g. emails about forthcoming events).
When you sign-up to Friends of Cadenza we will ask for your name, email and/or address and will use this data to send you information about our events and activities (e.g. forthcoming performances, social events and fundraising events). We may also ask for your preferred topics and communication methods. These allow us to tailor the information we provide to suit your preferences (e.g. email vs post).
We will only send you information that is related to the group (e.g. we will not use your data to send you marketing messages from third-parties).
Anything we send you will include a clear option to withdraw your consent (e.g. to ‘opt out’ of future emails) and you can also do so at any time by contacting the Data Protection Officer – the Chair.
Event attendees: for processing and managing tickets for events
Where our events are ticketed, we need to collect data on the person booking (name and email) in order to allow you access to the event and to send you a confirmation of your reservation/purchase. This data will only be used for administering your access to the event/s for which you have booked and will not be used to send you marketing/promotional messages from the group unless you have also provided your consent to receive these (see below).
Employees and contractors: for administration and legal/regulatory purposes
We may need (for administration or for legal/regulatory reasons) to collect personal or sensitive data on employees or contractors of the group. Where this is the case, we will explain what this is for at the point of collection.
Mailing list subscribers: for marketing and promotion
We offer everybody the opportunity to sign up (consent) to receive marketing and promotional information on the group’s activities (e.g. emails about forthcoming events).
When you sign-up to our marketing mailing list we will ask for your name, email and/or address and will use this data to send you information about our events and activities (e.g. forthcoming performances, social events and fundraising events). We may also ask for your preferred topics and communication methods. These allow us to tailor the information we provide to suit your preferences (e.g. email vs post).
We will only send you information that is related to the group (e.g. we will not use your data to send you marketing messages from third-parties).
Anything we send you will include a clear option to withdraw your consent (e.g. to ‘opt out’ of future emails) and you can also do so at any time by contacting the Data Protection Officer – the Chair.
Website visitors: for running and improving our website
We use cookie technology when a person visits our website to collect and analyse anonymised data on how many people have visited, what pages they have looked at and other statistical information. We also use cookies to allow members to log in and out in order to view our members-only section.
We use a pop-up banner to let users know about this on their first visit, and they can at any time disable cookies in their browser if they do not wish their (anonymised) data to be tracked.
You can find out more about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org/
Do we share your data with anyone else?
We will never pass your details on to third parties for marketing purposes.
We sometimes use third party services to process your data (e.g. Google Drive, Dropbox). We will always make sure any third parties we use are reputable, secure, and process your data in accordance with your rights under GDPR.
Are there special measures for children’s data?
We do not knowingly collect or store any personal data about children under the age of 13.
How can you update your data?
You can contact us at any time at www.cadenza.org.uk/contact to update or correct the data we hold on you.
How long we will hold your data?
The Cadenza data retention policy is to review all data held on individuals at least every two years and remove data where we no longer have a legitimate reason to keep it.
Where you have withdrawn your consent for us to use your data for a particular purpose (e.g. unsubscribed from a mailing list) we may retain some of your data for up to two years in order to preserve a record of your consent having been withdrawn.
What rights do you have?
Under the GDPR, you have the following rights over your data and its use:
The right to be informed about what data we are collecting on you and how we will use itThe right of access – you can ask to see the data we hold on youThe right to rectification – you can ask that we update or correct your dataThe right to object – you can ask that we stop using your data for a particular purposeThe right to erasure – you can ask us to delete the data we hold on youThe right to restrict processing – you can ask that we temporarily stop using your data while the reason for its use or its accuracy are investigatedThough unlikely to apply to the data we hold and process on you, you also have rights related to portability and automated decision making (including profiling)
All requests related to your rights should be made to the Data Protection Officer at www.cadenza.org.uk/contact. We will respond within one month.
You can find out more about your rights on the Information Commission’s Office website.
What will we do if anything changes?
If we make changes to our privacy statements or processes we will post the changes here. Where the changes are significant, we may also choose to email individuals affected with the new details. Where required by law, will we ask for your consent to continue processing your data after these changes are made.
Use of Cookies
What are ‘cookies’?
‘Cookies’ are small text files that are stored by the browser (for example, Internet Explorer) on your computer or electronic device. They allow websites to ‘remember’ you for a period of time so that they can store things like user preferences and make the website quicker and easier for you to use.
Without cookies, some things on websites would not be able to work: for example, without cookies it might not be possible to know whether or not you are logged in on a website, which would prevent you from being able to see content restricted to logged-in users.
How does the Cadenza website use cookies?
A visit to a page on the Cadenza website may create the following types of cookie:
Registration and preferences cookiesAnonymous analytics cookies
Registration and preferences cookies
When you register with Cadenza, we generate cookies that let us know whether you are signed in or not. Our servers use these cookies to work out which account you are signed in with, and if you are allowed access to a particular service. It also allows us to associate any comments you post with your username. If you have not selected ‘keep me signed in’, your cookies get deleted when you either close your browser or shut down your computer.
Anonymous analytics cookies
Every time someone visits our website, software provided by other organisations (Google Analytics, WordPress) generates an ‘anonymous analytics cookie’.
These cookies can tell us whether or not you have visited the site before and what pages you visit. Your browser will tell us if you have these cookies and, if you don’t, we generate new ones. This allows us to track how many individual users we have, and how often they visit the site. We use them to gather statistics, for example, the number of visits to a page, to help us identify if visitors would benefit from more information on a particular area.
How do I turn cookies off?
It is usually possible to stop your browser accepting cookies, or to stop it accepting cookies from a particular website.
All modern browsers allow you to change your cookie settings. You can usually find these settings in the ‘options’ or ‘preferences’ menu of your browser. To understand these settings, the following links may be helpful, or you can use the ‘Help’ option in your browser for more details.
Cookie settings in Internet ExplorerCookie settings in FirefoxCookie settings in ChromeCookie settings in Safari
Please note: switching off cookies may prevent some aspects of our website from working fully (e.g. you may not be able to access our members-only).
Useful links
You can find out more about cookies and their use on the internet from www.allaboutcookies.org.
Upcoming Concerts & Events There are no upcoming events at this time.
Latest News
Rehearsals resume … but not as we know it!
23rd September 2020
Update on Auditions
3rd June 2020
Statement on Coronavirus
6th April 2020
Search for:
Like us on Facebook
Jazzy Blue Spirits as Cadenza comes of age at the Edinburgh FringeWhile Mass in Blue was written in 2003, this is the first time it has been heard in Scotland, and the composer’s participation turned this Edinburgh Fringe concert into something of an event. Read more… “Jazzy Blue Spirits as Cadenza comes of age at the Edinburgh Fringe”David SmytheCadenza at the Fringe (Saturday 15th August 2015)
Home
About
Concerts
Join
Music Hire
CDs
Contact
Members
Home
About
Concerts
Join
Music Hire
Contact
Members
Musical Director
News
Our Patron
Reviews
Previous Concerts
CDs
Bright Star
Mailing List
Close
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.