https://calgaryrwa.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Our Authors
Meetings
Join
Photos
Members Only
Contact
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.CalgaryRWA.com.
It is our policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you or which you may provide to us, in the circumstances set out below. Accordingly, we have developed this privacy policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate, disclose, safeguard and otherwise make use of your personally identifiable information (“Personal Data”).
For the purposes of the EU General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) (“GDPR”), CalgaryRWA is the “data controller”. If you have any questions about this policy or about how we use your Personal Data, please contact us via our contact details at the end of this policy.
This policy is effective as of April 30, 2020. We review our privacy practices on an ongoing basis, and as such we may change this privacy policy from time to time. Please check this page frequently to ensure you are familiar with its current content.
What personal data we collect
Comments
Comments are disabled on this site.
Newsletter Lists
The CalgaryRWA email newsletter list data is stored via the third-party MailChimp and is managed by CalgaryRWA. Data is never sold to a third party or made available for sale.
The information collected (such as your name and email and country) is stored to allow CalgaryRWA to communicate directly with you. We may send you emails about joining CalgaryRWA, renewing your membership, meeting information, workshop information or other information related to CalgaryRWA.
At any time, you may unsubscribe from these email newsletters by clicking the UNSUBSCRIBE link at the bottom of each newsletter.
Cookies
This site uses cookies – small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience. In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences and provide anonymized tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics. As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser.
Links to other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content. Embedded content from other websites behaves the same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
When you use a link to go from CalgaryRWA.com to another website, this Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies.
Analytics
CalgaryRWA may collect analytics data, or use third-party analytics tools such as Google Analytics to study traffic and trends on this website or the email newsletters. These tools collect information from your browser, including pages you visit, to help improve your user experience. The data collected is in aggregate form and cannot be easily manipulated to identify an individual user.
How we use your data
We will only use your Personal Data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we use your Personal Data to:
process and manage your use of our website;where you have opted-in to receive marketing from us, deliver communications that are relevant to your preferences / may be of interest to you;improve our services and Website through analysis of information.
Who we share your data with
We take your privacy seriously and will not share your Personal Data with others, except as permitted by applicable law or as set out below:
We share Personal Data as necessary with third parties who provide services or functions on our behalf and who require the information to provide those specific services to us. These third parties may include social media advertising platforms such as Facebook and Google Adwords for the purpose of custom audience generation and the development of targeting criteria for other audiences. Please note that we have appropriate data privacy safeguards in place with third parties with whom we share Personal Data as described above and who are providing services or functions on our behalf.
How long we retain your data
For users that register on our website (if any), we store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
How we protect your data
This website is monitored and scanned for virus checks to keep it secure. Information is automatically recorded whenever the site is accessed. This information includes anonymous information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, entry and exit pages and URLs, number of clicks, and how you interact with links, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other similar information.
Children
This Website and our services are aimed at adults, and we do not knowingly collect any Personal Data relating to children aged under 15 years old.
Change of purpose
We will only use your Personal Data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to have an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.If we need to use your Personal Data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Acceptance
By submitting your information, you agree that it will be governed by our Privacy Policy.
Contacting us
If there are any questions about this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
The Calgary Association of the RWA#1732, 246 Stewart Green SWCalgary, Alberta, CANADAT3H 3C8
Last edited on 2020-05-01
Next Meeting on Zoom
Saturday, December 12, 2020 @ noon
Mickey Mikkelson from Creative Edge Publicity
For details, check the MEETINGS tab
Wonder what you’ve been missing?
Find out here!
UPCOMING MEETINGS
Jan 19 – Elinor Florence – Hand-Selling Handbook
Feb 16 – C.J. Carmichael – Conflict
Our Authors Say
I love finding new words and one day will use the word “tenebrous” in a sentence.
— Victoria Chatham
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.