https://calirose.com/wackyworld/privacy/
Privacy, Cookies and Data Collection
Welcome to our Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to us.
Who We Are
Cali Rose
P.O. Box 4775
Culver City, CA 90231
phone 310-285-3506
info@calirose.com
It is Cali Rose’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to https://calirose.com (hereinafter, “us”, “we”, or “https://calirose.com”). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.
By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to Cali Rose’s use of cookies.
If you allowed us to set cookies when you first visited the site, you can change your mind now by clicking this button and choosing NO. Close your browser after doing so.
Review Permissions
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Cali Rose collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Cali Rose’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Cali Rose’s visitors use our website.
Cali Rose also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on https://calirose.com blog posts. Cali Rose only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Cali Rose’s websites choose to interact with Cali Rose in ways that require Cali Rose to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Cali Rose gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who comment on a blog at https://calirose.com to provide a username and email address.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments and Testimonials
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
For users who have shared a testimonial with us about our services or their personal experiences with us, this information, which may include your first and last name, is stored indefinitely. It is public information and is displayed on our website. We have done our best to include only first name and last initial.
To opt out of data collection completely, please do not comment on posts, fill out any forms, send testimonials or sign up for our emails while visiting this website.
Purchases
When you make a purchase on CaliRose.com, your information is shared with and stored by PayPal.com. To opt out of data collection at PayPal, do not make purchases while visiting this website.
Analytics
We use Google analytics with anonymous IP tracking enabled. That means while we can see what area or city you are in, we cannot see your specific IP address. We do not sell products or services based on our data collection and we do not knowingly provide your data to any third parties who might market to you.
If you allowed us to set cookies when you first visited the site, you can change your mind now by clicking this button and choosing NO. Close your browser after doing so.
Review Permissions
Mailing List
We use MadMimi for optional periodic emails about sales of our CDs and performance schedules. Mad Mimi is owned by GoDaddy. You must opt in to receive these emails.
Opt-Out Form
All opt-out form submissions are encrypted and stored securely at JotForm.com (Privacy Policy). Cali Rose employees are the only people with access to this data.
Website Hosting, Security and Backup Services
Our website is hosted by EarthLink hosting. Privacy Policy
Our backups are stored on iThemes. Privacy Policy
We use Wordfence to secure our website. Privacy Policy
Who we share your data with
We do not knowingly share your data with any party other than the employees of Cali Rose and those parties previously mentioned. Our employees are legally bound to keep your information secure and confidential. We do not sell your data, and we never have. If you feel you need to inform us explicitly not to sell your data, use this form.
How long we retain your data
When you choose to accept cookies set by CaliRose.com, those cookies are stored for 3 months or until you clear your browser’s cache.
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators (employees of Cali Rose) can also see and edit that information.
Testimonials sent to us about our services or personal experiences are stored indefinitely. We publish them using first and last initial or first name and last initial.
We store backups of our website indefinitely using the services detailed below.
Our Google Analytics data (anonymous) is stored for 26 months.
Our MadMimi mailing list is stored indefinitely.
Our PayPal transaction information is stored indefinitely.
Opt-out requests are stored indefinitely.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
If at any time you wish to have any of your personal data, including your comments, testimonials, videos, purchase history, email signups or anything else deleted entirely, please use this form.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Advertisements
Ads appearing on the embedded content on our website may be delivered to users third parties including YouTube and Facebook, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Cali Rose and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Links To External Sites
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.
Aggregated Statistics
Cali Rose may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. Cali Rose does not display this information publicly or provide it to others. Cali Rose does not disclose your personally-identifying information.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Cali Rose may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Cali Rose’s sole discretion. Cali Rose encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Credit & Contact Information
This privacy policy was created at termsandconditionstemplate.com. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
CaliRose.com Cookies Policy
Cookies and Third Party Data Storage
To enrich and perfect your online experience, Cali Rose uses “Cookies”, similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Cali Rose uses cookies to help Cali Rose identify and track visitors, their usage of https://calirose.com, and their website access preferences. Cali Rose visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Cali Rose’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Cali Rose’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to Cali Rose’s use of cookies.
If you allowed us to set cookies when you first visited the site, you can change your mind now by clicking this button and choosing NO. Close your browser after doing so.
Review Permissions
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
How long we retain your data
When you choose to accept cookies set by CaliRose.com, those cookies are stored for 3 months or until you clear your browser’s cache. If you allowed us to set cookies when you first visited the site, you can change your mind now by clicking this button and choosing NO. Close your browser after doing so.
Review Permissions
Third ­party cookies
In addition to our own cookies, we also use various third­ parties cookies to report usage statistics, store our data, deliver advertisements on and through the website, and so on. This website uses:
embedded YouTube videos. YouTube is owned by Google. | Privacy Policy
embedded Facebook videos and links to our facebook page | Privacy Policy
MadMimi, a GoDaddy company for sending optional emails | Privacy Policy
BackupBuddy/iThemes Backup Storage (see Privacy Policy below)
EarthLink, our website hosting provider, where our website data is stored | Privacy Policy I | Privacy Policy II
Google Analytics with anonymous IP tracking | Privacy Policy
PayPal (only if you have made a purchase) | Privacy Policy
WordFence security plug-in | Privacy Policy
Backup Buddy Privacy Policy
Backups
Per the functionality of this plugin, backups of your website files and/or database are created and stored locally on your server and/or remotely on 3rd party servers based on the settings of this plugin. Archives can include, but are not limited to, file and database assets, including hashed passwords, 3rd party data, uploads and user information. These backups are stored to provide critical functionality of this plugin.
Cookies
Cookies are used to handle importing and restoring backups.
Plugin Settings
Some plugin settings ask for an email address or login credentials to 3rd party services. This is stored to provide functional features to the plugin.
Recent Activity
This plugin tracks dates, times and actions of successful and unsuccessful backups and remote data transfers. This is stored to help make the plugin better and assist with troubleshooting problems.
Logging
This plugin logs some personal information such as email addresses, usernames, database and server information. This is stored to help make the plugin better and assist with troubleshooting problems.
How long we retain your data
Backups
Backup retention is completely up to the website owner. This can vary from less than one minute to indefinitely.
Cookies
Cookies used during the restore/import process expire after 24 hours.
Plugin Settings
Settings are retained indefinitely until they are changed or removed manually.
Where we send your data
Backups
Backups are not automatically sent to remote destinations automatically, however backups can be configured to be sent to third-party servers.
How we protect your data
Backups
Backup zip files are stored with hashed file names to prevent filename guessing and directory browsing is disabled.
What third parties we receive data from
Backup Destinations
Backups can be sent to third-party destination servers, including but not limited to:
BackupBuddy Stash | Privacy Policy
BackupBuddy Deployment | Privacy Policy
Amazon S3 | Privacy Policy
Dropbox | Privacy Policy
Google Drive | Privacy Policy
Rackspace Cloud | Privacy Policy
Links to third party privacy policies have been included.
We use cookies to anonymously measure visits to our website, we store no personal details. OK!No
You can revoke your consent any time using the Revoke consent button.Review Permissions