https://cambridgephilharmonic.com/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
MENU
Home
Who We Are
Concerts
News
Reviews
Supporters
Get In Touch
Data privacy statement
Introduction
This privacy policy is provided by the Cambridge Philharmonic to set out how we will handle the personal data we hold about you.
The Cambridge Philharmonic is a registered charity number 243290. If you need to contact the Cambridge Philharmonic regarding any of the following please email info@cam-phil.org.uk
The Cambridge Philharmonic is committed to protecting the data we have about you, and to being transparent about how we store and process it, whether you are a direct participant in our concerts, a supporter, a sponsor or part of the Cambridge Philharmonic’s wider network.
This policy attempts to give a clear explanation of how we use the data we hold, whether online, via phone, letters or other correspondence.
The following sets out our obligations and your rights concerning your data, to ensure that we are fully compliant with the General Data Protection Regulations, along with other relevant legislation, including the Data Protection Act. The Policy will cover:
When we collect your data and why
The information we hold – for how long and where
How we use the data we hold about you
Whether we share your data with any 3rd parties
Your rights and choices over the data we hold about you
Contact information for any queries
Collecting your data – when and why
The Cambridge Philharmonic may collect personal data about you when you:
Sign up to receive news updates
Enquire about joining the Society
Submit an enquiry through info@cam-phil.org.uk
Take part on a concert or fundraising day
Participate in auditions
Attend a Cambridge Philharmonic event
Serve as a Trustee or volunteer
Register as a contractor or supplier with the Cambridge Philharmonic
We may also collect information when you directly interact with a member of the Cambridge Philharmonic Committee or contractors.
We may also make use of publicly available contact information to ensure that we are able to contact you in the most appropriate way.
The main purposes we collect and use your personal data are:
To inform individuals of the latest Cambridge Philharmonic news, concerts, events and activities.
To answer any queries you have personally raised with the Cambridge Philharmonic.
To provide information about events which you have expressed an interest in attending, and any related preparation and follow-up from these events.
To keep you informed of essential information for example on concerts you are participating in or auditions you would like to enrol for.
For our legitimate interest, meaning reasonable use within the scope of your original interaction with the Cambridge Philharmonic.
The Cambridge Philharmonic will aim to keep your personal information for the duration of your involvement with the Society. If you are not a continuing member of the Society we will seek to update this consent every three years, in line with auditions.
Information we hold
Personal information we collect can include any of the following: Name, communication preference, email address, role, organisation, telephone number, postal address.
Following your interaction with the Cambridge Philharmonic, we may also process information about your current and past interactions with us (such as time, date, programme, form of contact) as well as our contact with you, whether by post, email or telephone.
We may also contact you to gather feedback on your experiences with us but this will only be done with your express permission.
How we use your data
The communication you receive from the Cambridge Philharmonic will assume that as a member of the Society you will want to receive information sent to supporters, and that supporters will want to know information about upcoming concerts. You can withdraw your consent to receiving such information at any point.
In all cases, we balance our legitimate interest to contact you against your individual rights. We will ensure that we only use your personal information in the way in which you would expect us to use it in accordance with this Policy and your interaction with the Cambridge Philharmonic.
Where you are required to provide information as part of a contractual agreement with the Cambridge Philharmonic, this data will be used for the purpose of fulfilling the contract only. Failure to provide information needed in a contractual agreement may lead to the contract being void.
With reference to Cambridge Philharmonic activities, it may be necessary to collect information to inform you on these. If you do not wish to share your information or ask for your data to be deleted or ceased from processing the Cambridge Philharmonic may be unable to include you in vital information relating to these, limiting your participation in them.
You can opt out of receiving future communications from the Cambridge Philharmonic at any point, either by clicking ‘unsubscribe’ on any communication you receive from us or by emailing info@cam-phil.org.uk
Your rights over the data we hold
With regards to the personal information the Cambridge Philharmonic holds, you have the right to ask us to stop contacting you and remove your consent at any point.
Under GDPR, your rights as an individual include:
The right to be informed
The right to access
The right to rectification
The right to erasure
The right to restrict processing
The right to data portability
The right to object
You have the right to be informed at any point what the Cambridge Philharmonic is using your information for, how this is being processed and for what purpose.
You have the right to ask for access to the data we hold about you, as well as the right to ask for data to be corrected or updated. Please help us keep our records up to date by letting us know when your contact details change, this can be done by emailing info@cam-phil.org.uk
You have the right to ask the Cambridge Philharmonic to erase the data we hold about you at any point, or to ask us to stop processing the data without removing it completely. You also maintain the right to object to the processing of your personal information.
You have the right to ask for your information to be given to you in a machine readable format free of charge.
The Cambridge Philharmonic is legally obliged to process any request within 72 hours.
Please note that any material change or erasure of the personal information we hold about you may limit your ability to take part in Cambridge Philharmonic programmes or activity in the future.
Should you wish to exercise any of the above rights, please write to us making your wishes clear at info@cam-phil.org.uk
We may request that you confirm your identity before releasing any of the personal information held.
How do we protect your personal information?
Please note, that without further express permission from the individual the information pertains to, the Cambridge Philharmonic will not/has no need to transfer data to a third party or international organisation.
We store our data in line with data protection policy, ensuring all physical copies are kept in filing cabinets in a secure environment or password-protected computer system.
Sharing your personal information
We will take all necessary precautions to keep your personal information secure. We will only ever share this with suppliers and contractors working on our behalf on activities the information will be provided for, or when we are legally obliged to comply.
We will not under any circumstances share your data with third parties who are outside the scope of your initial enquiry or work with the Society.
Changes to the Cambridge Philharmonic Privacy Policy
The data you have provided will be used only for the purposes for which you have selected, and is processed under the knowledge that you have given your consent for the data to be used in the way you have indicated.
Due to potential future changes at the Cambridge Philharmonic, or legislative changes, this privacy policy may be updated to reflect these. We will endeavour to communicate any changes swiftly with you through the contact information we hold, and by making it available to read at https://cambridgephilharmonic.com/privacy-policy/
If you have any questions about the privacy policy or our data policy in general please get in touch via email at info@cam-phil.org.uk
Disputing the use of your data
If for any reason you are unhappy with the use of your data by the Cambridge Philharmonic in carrying out its activities, you can contact our nominated committee member at dataprotection@cam-phil.org.uk
If following this you are still unhappy with the use of your data you have the right to raise it with the Information Commissioners Office, who can be contacted at https://ico.org.uk/
Last Updated: 9/9/2018