https://canadaart.info/about/privacy-policy/
Search for:
SearchOK
CategoriesCategories
Select Category
Art Categories
Festival
Galleries
Hand Crafted
Museums
Organizations
Performance Art
Performance Venues
Publications and Publishers
Retail / Services
Schools
Theatre
Visual Art
Written Word
Art Funding & Art Grants
Location
Alberta
British Columbia
Canada
International
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland & Labrador
Northwest Territories
Nova Scotia
Nunavut
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan
Yukon
Privacy Policy
Information collected by canadaart.INFO1, its subsidiaries or affiliates is used by canadaart.INFO1, its subsidiaries or affiliates to personalize and enhance the content of the canadaart.INFO1, its subsidiaries or affiliates web site, as well as for the purposes of product development, monitoring, and improvement, and targeted advertising by canadaart.INFO1, its subsidiaries or affiliates. It is not shared with third party advertisers.
Information collected by canadaart.info, its subsidiaries or affiliates is used by canadaart.info, its subsidiaries or affiliates to personalize and enhance the content of the canadaart.info, its subsidiaries or affiliates web site, as well as for the purposes of product development, monitoring, and improvement, and targeted advertising by canadaart.info, its subsidiaries or affiliates.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
About Google and the DoubleClick DART cookie:
* Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
* Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
* Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
canadaart.INFO1 is not responsible for the use of this information by these companies. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies please click here, Network Advertising Initiative, and Appendix A for further information about protecting your privacy online
1 Division of 3979008 Canada Inc.
Comments are closed.