http://carclew.com.au/privacy
Carclew
About Us
COVID-19
About Carclew
Staff
Join the Team
Board
Donate
Carclew Giving Circle
Direction Statement 2021 - 2024
Commitment to First Nations
Policies
Strategic Partners
Access at Carclew
Achievements
Our History
Tenants
Subscribe to our Newsletter
Your Privacy
Programs
Arts/Education
Workshops
Publications
Projects
Industry Training & Professional Development
Funding, Scholarships & Awards
Exhibitions
Events
Online Programs
Past Programs
Venue Hire
Overview
Venue Options
Wedding Packages
Party and Event Packages
Film and Photography Productions
Pricing
Site Plans
Suggested Suppliers
FAQs
Terms and Conditions
Bookings and enquiries
Adelaide Fringe Venue
Funding & Awards
IAF Franz Kempf Printmaker Award
Project Grants
June S. Tanner Memorial Scholarship
Rapid Response Grant (RRG)
Funded Companies
Fellowships
Capacity Building Grants
Media
Contact
Search
Subscribe
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Pinterest
Your Privacy
Protecting your privacy is important to Carclew.  We respect your personal information and your right to privacy.  This statement provides a summary of how Carclew handles your personal information.  Please refer to our Privacy Policy for further details.
All personal information collected by Carclew is collected and stored in accordance with the Privacy Amendment (Enhancing Privacy Protection) Act 2012, Privacy Regulations 2013, the Australian Privacy Principles and the Freedom of Information Act 1991.
> Click here to view Carclew's Freedom of Information statement.
Personal information is the information that you provide to Carclew about yourself from which your identity is either apparent or can be reasonably identified. You may provide this information by:
emailing us
completing a written or an electronic contact form such as a workshop registration or grant application form;
telephoning us, or
contacting us in person or in writing.
You may provide your personal information in hard copy or through the website and/or electronic forms.  Most commonly your information will be used for the purpose of workshop registration, grant assessment or e-news and information distribution.
Carclew will not share information with other Government agencies without your permission unless it:
is necessary to provide you with the service that you have requested;
is required to by authorised law;
will prevent or lessen a serious or imminent threat to somebody’s health.
Carclew will not disclose (share or sell) your personal information to any overseas recipient.
You can choose to stop receiving information from us; or enquire about a privacy concern by writing to us at:
CarclewPrivacy Officer11 Jeffcott StreetNorth Adelaide SA 5006
If you are unsatisfied with Carclew’s response to your concerns that we have interfered with your privacy you can complain to the Office of the Information Commissioner by telephone: 1300 363 992 or email: enquiries@oaic.gov.au
Carclew
11 Jeffcott Street North Adelaide Kaurna Country SA 5006(08) 8267 5111
info@carclew.org.au
© Copyright 2014 Carclew