https://carlcox.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy policy | CARL COX
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Home
2020 Tour
Online Store
Motor Sport
Discography
Biography
Cabin Fever
Blog
Contacts
Data Privacy // Data privacy statement
Data privacy at a glance
a) Preface
The following notes summarize what happens with your personal data when you visit our website. Personal data is all data that can identify you as an individual.  For detailed information concerning data privacy please read our data privacy statement below.
b) Who is responsible for data collection on this website?
This information about data privacy applies to data processing by:
GAME OVER LTD 74 St Assams Avenue, Raheny, Dublin 5 D05XV07
COMPANY NUMBER 591275 http://www.gameoveribiza.com/
The data protection officer of GAMEOVER LTD can be reached under above-mentioned address or via email: media@gameoveribiza.com
c) How do we collect your data?
When you access our website www.gameoveribiza.com your browser automatically sends information to our server. This information is temporarily stored in a so called log file. This way, the following information is collected and stored until its automatic deletion:
IP address of the requesting computer,
• date and time of access,
• name and URL of the file called,
• website from which the access originated (referrer URL)    the browser and possibly the operating system of your computer as well as the name of your internet access provider
d) How do we use your data?
The above-mentioned data may be used for the following purposes:
to guarantee smooth access to our website
to ensure the proper functioning of the website
for the analysis of system security and stability and
other administrative purposes.
The lawful basis for data processing is Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. f DSGVO (General Data Protection Regulation or GDPR). Our legitimate interest is solely the collection of data as above mentioned. Under no circumstances do we use the collected data to draw conclusions about you as an individual.
In addition, we use cookies and analysis services on our website. You will find further information on the subject in this data privacy statement under paragraph 4 ff.
e) What are your rights regarding your data?
You have the right to obtain information about origin, beneficiary and purpose of the collected personal data at any given time and free of charge. You also have the right to demand the correction, blocking or deletion of your data. If you have any question regarding this subject or regarding data privacy in general, please don’t hesitate to contact us at the address stated in the legal notice. You have the right to appeal to the responsible supervisory authority if need be.
f) Analysis tools and third party tools
When you visit our website, your surfing behaviour may be evaluated statistically by means of cookies and analysis programs. The analysis of your surfing behaviour is generally carried out anonymously; the surfing behaviour cannot be traced back to you. You can object to this analysis or prevent it by avoiding certain tools. For further information please see the data privacy statement below.
You can object to this analysis. We will inform you in this data privacy statement about how to file an objection.
General information and mandatory information
a) Data privacy
It is of great importance to us to protect your personal data. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the data privacy act and this data privacy statement.
When you access our website, various types of personal data are collected. Personal data is data that can identify you as an individual. The present data privacy statement explains which data we collect and how we use it. It also states how and why this is done.
Please note that data transmissions via the internet (such as e-mail communication) cannot be entirely secure and may suffer from security vulnerabilities. A complete protection of personal details against unauthorized access by third parties is not possible.
b) Revocation of your consent to the processing of your data.
Many data processing tasks must be expressly authorized by you. You can cancel an already issued authorization anytime by sending us an informal email. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.
c) The right to appeal to the responsible supervisory authority
In case of a violation of the data privacy laws you may appeal to the responsible supervisory authority. In all matters regarding data privacy, the responsible authority is the data security officer of the Data Protection Commission, Ireland, where our organization is based.
d) The right to data portability
You have the right to request that we deliver any data collected by us with your express consent or under a contract, either to you or to a third party in a commonly used and machine readable format. If you request a direct data transfer to another responsible party this can only be carried out if technically feasible.
e) Information, blocking, deletion
As permitted by law, you have the right to be provided at any time with information free of charge about any of your personal data that is stored, as well as its origin, the recipient and the purpose for which it has been processed. You also have the right to have this data corrected, blocked or deleted. You can contact us at any time using the address given in our legal notice if you have further questions on the topic of personal data.
f) Objection to marketing emails
We herewith object to the use of contact data published within the general information requirements for the sending of unsolicited advertising and information material. The operators of this website expressly reserve the right to take legal action in case of unsolicited advertising, such as spam e-mails.
g) SSL or TLS encryption
This site uses SSL or TSL encryption for security reasons and to protect the transmission of sensitive content such as orders or requests you send to us as the website operator. You recognize an encrypted connection by the fact that the address line of the browser changes from “http://” to “https://” and by the lock symbol in your browser line. If SSL or TSL encryption is activated, the data you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties.
Data collection on our website
a) Cookies
Some web pages use so-called cookies. Cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain any viruses. Cookies help make our website more user-friendly, efficient, and secure. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser.
Most of the cookies we use are so-called “session cookies.“ They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain in your device’s memory until you delete them. These cookies enable us to recognize your browser when you next visit our site.
You can set your browser so that it informs you about the use of cookies and you decide on a case by case basis whether to accept or reject a cookie. Alternatively, your browser can be set to accept cookies under certain conditions or to always reject them, or to automatically delete cookies when you close your browser. Disabling cookies may limit the functionality of this website.
Cookies which are necessary to allow electronic communications or to provide certain functions you wish to use (such as the shopping cart) are stored pursuant to Art. 6 paragraph 1, letter f of DSGVO (General Data Protection Regulation or GDPR). The operator of this site has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies to guarantee a technical service both flawless and optimized. If other cookies (e.g. those used to analyze your surfing behaviour) are stored, they will be treated separately in this data privacy statement.
b) Processing of data (customer and contract data)
We collect, process and use personal data only insofar as they are necessary for the justification, content development or modification of the legal relationship (stock data). This is done based on Art. 6 (1) (b) DSGVO (General Data Protection Regulation or GDPR), which allows the processing of data to fulfil a contract or for measures preliminary to a contract. We collect, process and use your personal data concerning the use of our website (usage data) only to the extent required to enable you to access our service or to bill you for the same.
Collected customer data will be deleted after the completion of the service or after the termination of the business relationship. Legal retention periods remain unaffected.
c) Data transfer in case of contract conclusion for online-shops, dealers and dispatch of goods
We communicate personal data to third parties only if this should become necessary in the scope of the contract execution, for example to the company entrusted with the delivery of goods or the financial institute entrusted with the payment process. A further transfer of data is excluded, unless you have explicitly consented to its disclosure. The same applies to a transfer of your data to third parties, e.g. for promotional purposes.
This is done based on Art. 6 (1) (b) DSGVO (General Data Protection Regulation or GDPR), which allows the processing of data to fulfil a contract or for measures preliminary to a contract.
Transfer to third countries
If we process data in a third country (i.e. outside the European Union (EU) or the European Economic Area (EEA)) or if this occurs in the context of the use of third-party services or disclosure or transfer of data to third parties, this will only take place if it occurs for the fulfilment of our (pre)contractual obligations, on the basis of your consent, on the basis of a legal obligation or on the basis of our legitimate interests. Subject to legal or contractual permissions, we have data processed in a third country only if the special requirements of Art. 44 ss. GDPR are met. This means, for example, processing is carried out on the basis of special guarantees, such as the officially recognized determination of a data protection level corresponding to the EU (e.g. for the USA by the “Privacy Shield”) or compliance with officially recognized special contractual obligations (so-called “standard contractual clauses”).
aa) Amazon
We participate in the Amazon EU S.à r.l. affiliate program. This program was created to place advertisements and links to www.amazon.de on external websites. The operators of the website earn referral fees. Amazon uses cookies to trace the origin of the orders. As a result, Amazon can detect that you clicked the affiliate link on our website.
For further information about how Amazon uses your data, see the Amazon privacy statement at http://www.amazon.de/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=footer_privacy?ie=UTF8&nodeId=3312401</p>
As website operators we have neither thorough knowledge of, nor influence on the nature of the data transferred to Bandcamp or of its use. For further information please consult Bandcamp’s privacy statement at https://bandcamp.com/privacy/
d) Applicant data privacy
Game Over Ltd collects and processes personal data of job applicants for the handling of the application procedure. The processing may be carried out electronically, particularly when an applicant submits application documents electronically to Game Over LTD, e.g. via email or a web form on the website. If Cocoon concludes an employment contract with an applicant, the submitted data will be saved in compliance with legal regulations. If no employment contract is concluded, the application documents will be deleted automatically 6 months after the denial of the applicant, provided that the deletion is not in conflict with other legitimate interests of Game Over.
f) Prize games
When offering prize games, we store your data so that we can contact you if you were to win. Once the prize game has ended, that is, as soon as the prizes have been delivered to the winners, we instantly delete your data after the four-week storage. You are at liberty to decide on our prize games and the respective data transfer.
If you have submitted personal data to us you may withdraw your consent at any given time and request its deletion; we will then delete your data immediately. Should we be required by law to store your data, the data will not be deleted but protected, i.e. it remains on our systems but we neither process nor use it.
Social media
Facebook plugins (Like & Share button)
Our website uses plugins of the social media network Facebook, operated by Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA. You’ll recognize these plugins by their Facebook logo or by the Like buttons on our website. You’ll find a summary of the Facebook plugins at https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/.
When you access our website, your browser will establish a direct connection to the Facebook servers. Facebook is informed of your IP address. If you use the Like button while logged into your Facebook account you can link the contents of our website to your Facebook profile. This allows Facebook to link the visit to our website to your user account. As website operators we have neither knowledge of the content of the transmitted data nor of its use by Facebook.
For further information please see Facebook’s data privacy statement at https://de-de.facebook.com/policy.php.
If you do not want Facebook to be able to link the visit to our website to your Facebook user account, please log out of your Facebook user account.
Analysis tools and advertising
Tracking tools
Below you will find the tracking tools we use on our site pursuant to Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. f DSGVO (General Data Protection Regulation or GDPR). We use the tracking tools to adapt our services to your individual needs and to optimize our website continually. We also use the tracking tools for statistical purposes in order to optimize our service for you. These interests are considered to be legitimate pursuant to the aforementioned regulation.
For further information on the purpose of the data processing and the data categories please consult the respective tracking tools.
a) Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a website analysis service by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
Google Analytics uses so-called cookies, text files that are stored on your computer to analyze your use of the website. The information generated by a cookie about your use of this website is usually sent to and stored at a Google server in the USA.
The storage of Google Analytics cookies is carried out pursuant to Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f DSGVO (General Data Protection Regulation or GDPR). The operator of the website has a legitimate interest in the analysis of user behavior in order to optimize both his web service and his advertising.
IP anonymization
IP anonymization is activated on this website. Thus, your IP address is abbreviated within a Member State of the European Union or in other countries that are party to the agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional circumstances will your entire IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the US before being abbreviated. The owner of this website has authorized Google to use this data to analyze your use of this website, to compile reports on website activity, and to provide other services regarding website activity and Internet usage for the website operator. The IP address communicated by your browser as part of Google Analytics will not be stored with other Google data.
Browser plugin
You can prevent these cookies from being stored by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser; however, we’d like to point out that in doing so you might not be able to enjoy the full functionality of this website. You can also prevent the data generated by cookies about your use of the website (incl. your IP address) from being passed on to Google, and the processing of this data by Google, by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
Objection to data collection
You can prevent the collection of your data by Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie will be set to prevent your data from being collected on future visits to this website: Google Analytics
For further information about how Google Analytics handles user data, see Google’s data privacy statement:  https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=de.
Order data processing
We have an agreement with Google regarding order data processing and fully adhere to the strict specifications of the German data privacy authorities for the usage of Google Analytics.
Google Analytics Demographics
This website uses the Google Analytics feature „Demographics“. The feature provides information about the age, gender and interests of the visitors of the website. This data is obtained from interest-related advertising on Google as well as user data from third-party providers and cannot be traced back to any individual visitor. Its collection can be deactivated at any time in the settings of your Google account or you may generally refuse the data collection by Google Analytics as stated under „Objection to data collection“
Plugins und tools
a) YouTube
Our website uses plugins from YouTube, which is operated by Google. The operator of the pages is YouTube LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA.
If you visit one of our pages featuring a YouTube plugin, a connection to the YouTube servers is established. The YouTube server is informed about which of our pages you have visited.
When you’re logged into your YouTube account you allow YouTube to link your surfing behavior to your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.
We use YouTube to render an appealing online service. This constitutes a legitimate interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO (General Data Protection Regulation or GDPR).
For further information about how YouTube handles user data, please see YouTube’s data privacy statement:  https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy.
b) Instagram
On our website we use so-called social plugins („plugins“) of the online service Instagram, which is operated by Instagram 3 LLC., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA („Instagram“). The plugins are usually marked with an Instagram logo, for example in the form of an “Instagram camera.”
If you visit a page of our website that contains a social plugin, your browser establishes a direct connection to the Instagram servers. Instagram directly transfers the plugin content to your browser which embeds the latter into the website. This way, Instagram receives information about your browser  having accessed the respective page of our website regardless of whether you are actually connected to, or even registered for, Instagram.
This information (including your IP address) is transmitted from your browser directly to the Instagram server in the USA and stored there. If you are logged into your Instagram account, the visit to our website can be linked to your Instagram account. If you interact with the plugins, e.g. when using the Instagram button, the corresponding information is likewise transmitted from your browser directly to an Instagram server and stored there.
The information is also published on your Instagram account and shown to your contacts.
If you do not want Instagram to be able to link the collected data to your Instagram user account, please log out of your Instagram account before visiting our website.
For further information please see Instagram’s data privacy statement (https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388).
c) Twitter
Our website uses features of the online service Twitter, operated by Twitter Inc., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. The use of Twitter and the “Re-Tweet” function link the websites you visit to your Twitter account and make this information available to other users. Data is transferred to Twitter in the process.
We’d like to point out that we as operator of this website have no knowledge of the content of the transferred data or of its use by Twitter. For further information please see Twitter’s data privacy statement at http://twitter.com/privacy.
You can change your data privacy settings for Twitter at http://twitter.com/account/settings.
d) SoundCloud
For the embedding of audio material we use the online service SoundCloud, which is operated by SoundCloud Limited, 33 St James Square, London SW1Y 4JS, UK. On some of our web pages we use SoundCloud plugins. When you access the respective webpages containing these plugins – e.g. our media library – a connection to the SoundCloud servers is established and the plugin is depicted. Thus, the SoundCloud server is informed about which of our web pages you have visited. If you are logged into your SoundCloud account, SoundCloud can link this information to your personal user account. If you use a plugin like for example the start button of an audio file, this information will also be linked to your user account. You can prevent this by logging out of your SoundCloud account before using our website and by deleting the corresponding SoundCloud cookies.
For further information on SoundCloud’s data processing and data privacy please see https://soundcloud.com/pages/privacy.
Currentness of this data privacy statement and amendments
This data privacy statement is currently valid, last updated in November 2018.
This data privacy statement will be amended, if necessary, when new services are introduced to our website or in order to meet current legal requirements.
The current data privacy statement can be accessed and printed at all times at www.gameoveribiza.com
Terms & conditions
Contact
Privacy policy
© 2020 CARL COX.
All Rights Reserved
Home
2020 Tour
Online Store
Motor Sport
Discography
Biography
Cabin Fever
Blog
Contacts
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy