https://carnegiegreenaway.org.uk/privacy-policy/
About the Awards
Take Part
Carnegie
Greenaway
Press
Archive
How do we use your information?
CILIP, the library and information association, who run the Carnegie
& Kate Greenaway (CKG) awards, recognises that your privacy is important to
you and is committed to protecting your privacy online.  This privacy notice sets out what information
we collect on the CKG website and why and how we use that information.
It applies to personal information we collect about:
Visitors to the CKG websiteGroup LeadersShadowers
Emails that we send
Security
Cookies
Controlling your
personal information
CILIP may change this policy from time to time by updating this page.  You should check this page periodically to ensure that you are happy with any changes.  This policy was last updated 2nd March 2020.
Visitors to the CKG website
CILIP use a third party service, WordPress, to publish the CKG website and it is hosted by 20i. When someone visits http://www.carnegiegreenaway.org.uk/, a third party service, Google Analytics, is used to collect internet log information and to follow visitor patterns. By knowing the number of visitors to the various pages, we can improve the website and identify areas of particular interest. The information is processed in a way which does not identify individuals. If we are collecting personally identifiable information through our website, we will do so using forms that clearly explain what we intend to do with it.
Social Media Contact: CKG has its own Twitter feed @CILIPCKG.  If you intend to post a comment on this Twitter feed, Twitter will require you to set up your own account.  Please review the Twitter privacy notice to see how it uses your information and to find out how to opt out, or delete, such information.  Direct messages sent to the @CILIPCKG Twitter account will be deleted after 1 year.
External web services. We use a number of external web services, mainly related to
displaying content e.g. to display slideshows we sometimes use SlideShare; to
show videos we use YouTube and Vimeo. This is not an exhaustive or complete
list of the services we use, or might use in the future, when embedding
content, but these are the ones we use most. We cannot prevent these sites, or
external domains, from collecting information on your usage of this embedded
content using scripts from domains outside of CILIP CKG. If you are not logged
in to these external services then they will not know who you are, but are
likely to gather anonymous usage information e.g. number of views, plays, loads
etc.  You should review the policies of
each of these sites to see how they use your information and to find out how to
opt out, or delete, such information.
Links to other websites:  This website also contains links to other websites that may be of
interest to our visitors. However, once you have used these links to leave our
site, this privacy statement no longer applies and we cannot be responsible for
the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting
those sites – such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. Again,
please check the respective policies of any such sites that you chose to visit.
Filling in the nomination form:  the CKG award nomination form is provided by a third party service, Formsite. We only request the information needed from the publisher of the nominated title to manage the award nominations. The publisher contact details are shared with Riot Communications – our PR team, only for the purposes of managing the awards.  Some of our questions relate to the protected characteristics of the nominated author or illustrator to provide recommendations for how diversity, inclusion and representation can best be championed and embedded into the work of the Awards.  Data collected will be for the confidential use of CILIP and will be stored and handled appropriately.  No personal or identifying information will be disclosed in the report.  CILIP deletes the Formsite form three months after the winners are announced.
Formsite’s
Privacy Notice is here.
Our legal basis for processing the data described above is our legitimate interest in keeping our website and services relevant so that we can develop and grow the awards scheme; as well as a legitimate interest in keeping an appropriate record of any communications entered into with those visiting our website and social media platforms.
Group Leaders
CILIP is the data controller and processor for the information you provide on the CKG Group Leader registration form.  If you have any queries about how we handle your information, please contact us.
What will we do with the information you provide to us?
Data
we hold will be used confidentially, to help us run the CKG award shadowing
scheme and to keep you informed – for example, award timetable, group resources
or tips.
CILIP will never sell, trade, rent, exchange or otherwise share your personal information with any other person, company or organisation without gaining consent to do so. The information you provide will be held securely by us, whether the information is in electronic or physical format. We do not collect more information than we need to fulfil our stated purposes and will not retain it for longer than is necessary.
Registering as a Group Leader
We ask you for your name and email.  We also ask for the name and address of your school or library so that the free publicity pack can be sent to that address.  CILIP’s administration and management teams will have access to this information.
As a Group Leader, you will create a shadowing group name and you will be given a passkey that your group will need to submit reviews or artwork on the website.
Shadowing Group Map: You will be asked at registration whether we can use your organisation’s postcode on a map, so that you can look for other groups in the nearby area – only the Shadowing Group name and organisation will be displayed on the map.
Shadowing group activity:  As Group Leader you have to approve the reviews/artwork of your Shadowers, before they are published to the CKG website, so that you can edit or remove unsuitable content if necessary and also so you can check that the review/artwork is from a member of your group.  This will be done via the email address you give on registration, but the shadowers will not be able to see your email when they submit their reviews/artwork to you for approval.
Group Leader Survey: At the end of the shadowing year, the Group Leaders are sent a survey to provide feedback on the shadowing group experience so that we can improve it moving forward.  We currently use Survey Monkey and there are optional fields for your name and email.  However, it is likely the Survey Monkey site will collect their own information e.g. anonymous usage information about what you are doing. Survey Monkey’s privacy notice is here.
Shadowing Group Magazine: this will pull together all your groups reviews and artwork in one place and can be downloaded as a PDF at your request.
How long is the information retained for?
Registration is an annual process.  Within 3 months of the winner announcements,
group leader information, group reviews and artwork will be deleted from the
website, in preparation for the new shadowing year.
If you have signed up to receive email communications, we will retain your email to let you know when you can register to shadow the next year’s award.  You can unsubscribe at any time.
Our legal basis for processing the data described
above is our legitimate interest in managing and administering the award
scheme; as well as a legitimate interest in keeping an appropriate record of
any communications entered into with those recipients.
Shadowers (who post reviews)
Posting reviews: As a member of a Shadowing group, you can submit book reviews on the books shortlisted for the CKG awards.  When you submit a review you will search for your shadowing group – no login or email address is required.  You will provide your first name and your review, which will be approved by your Group Leader.  The review will then be published on the public CKG website with all the other reviews for that book.  Your first name and also the name of your shadowing group will be shown.  Reviews are deleted approximately 3 months after the winners are announced.
Posting pictures: As a member of a Shadowing group, you can submit your picture inspired by the books shortlisted for the Kate Greenaway or Carnegie award.  The picture will then be published on the public CKG website with all the other pictures.  Your first name and also the name of your shadowing group will be shown.  Pictures are deleted approximately 3 months after the awards have been made, at the start of the new shadowing year.
Ask the Author: Shadowers can submit questions to the shortlisted authors
and illustrators.  A selection will be submitted for the authors
to answer, with their answer published on the CKG website.  Your first name and also the name of your
shadowing group will be shown if your question is selected.
Our legal basis for processing the data described above is our legitimate interest in managing and administering the award scheme; as well as a legitimate interest in keeping an appropriate record of any communications entered into with those recipients.
Emails that we send:
CILIP uses a third party provider, Informz, to deliver the majority of
our emails.  Informz is also used to
manage your email preferences, if you have stated when registering as a Group
Leader that you are happy for CILIP to contact you by email or have signed up
to receive CKG updates separately.  You
will see an option to manage your email preferences at the end of every email
sent from Informz where you can subscribe/unsubscribe.  Emails will only be about the CKG award and
may include some information about the award sponsors and partners.
Email tracking. Some emails that we send you have no tracking in at all,
for example personal correspondence. Other emails we send are tracked so that
we can tell if those emails send traffic to our website or we can tell, at an
individual level, whether the user has opened and clicked on the email, to
understand open and click rates to try and improve our emails. Sometimes we do
use the personal information e.g. to re-email people who haven’t opened emails.
If you want to be sure that none of your email activity is tracked, then you
should unsubscribe from all CILIP email correspondence.
Informz is a U.S. company and model EC approved contract clauses regarding privacy are in their contract with CILIP.
Here is a link to their Privacy Notice.
Our legal basis for sending emails is legitimate interest where it concerns the administration of correspondence.  For marketing emails our basis is consent.
Security
CILIP complies with its obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (the GDPR), by keeping personal data up to date; by storing and destroying it securely; by not collecting or retaining excessive amounts of data; by protecting personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access and disclosure and by ensuring that appropriate technical measures are in place to protect personal data.
Only authorised employees and data processors (software suppliers and
those working on behalf of CILIP e.g. publicity pack distributors, to deliver
our services) will have access to your data. All parties who have access to
your data are required to process/use that data in accordance with the
provisions of current data protection legislation and CILIP’s Data Protection
Policy.
CILIP uses data processors who are third parties to
provide elements of our services for us. We have contracts in place with our
data processors. This means that they cannot do anything with your personal
information unless we have instructed them to do it. They will not share your
personal information with any organisation apart from us. They will hold it
securely and retain it for the period we instruct.  We have identified these data processors
where relevant in the body of this privacy notice.
CILIP
will never sell trade, rent, exchange or otherwise share your personal
information with any other person, company or organization without gaining
consent to do so.
The CILIP website uses sophisticated security and safeguard measures to protect users’ information (e.g. Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption) to ensure that your data, debit/credit card will be protected against fraudulent use on our site.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by
websites that you visit. They allow the website to remember who you are. They
are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as
well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the
settings in your browser. However, you will not be able to login to the website
if cookies are disabled. You can also manually remove cookies from your system.
For more information on disabling and enabling cookies you should search for or
lookup ‘Cookies’ in your Operating System Documentation or visit
www.aboutcookies.org
Cookies set by CILIP:
Cookie
Name
Purpose
Universal Analytics (Google)
_ga
_gali
_gat_UA-1036645-1
_gid
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use
our website. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve
the website. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including
the number of visitors to the website, where visitors have come to the
website from and the pages they visited. You can find out more at
www.google.co.uk/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html
YouTube cookies
PREF*
VSC*
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE*
remote_sid*
We embed videos from our official YouTube channel
using YouTube’s privacy-enhanced mode. This mode may set cookies on your
computer once you click on the YouTube video player, but YouTube will not
store personally-identifiable cookie information for playbacks of embedded
videos using the privacy-enhanced mode.
Read more at YouTube’s embedding videos information page.
PREF – * Expires after eight months
VSC – * expires at the end of your session
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE – *expires after eight months
remote_sid – * expires at the end of your session
Controlling your personal information
Personal data relates to a living individual who can be identified from that data.  Identification can be by the information alone or in conjunction with any other information in the data controller’s possession or likely to come into such possession. The processing of personal data is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (the GDPR).
You have rights as an individual which you can exercise in relation to the information CILIP holds about you – read more here.
This privacy notice was drafted with brevity and clarity in
mind. It does not provide exhaustive detail of all aspects of CILIP’s
collection and use of personal information. However, we are happy to provide
any additional information or explanation needed. Any requests for this should
be sent to the address below or to ckg@cilip.org.uk
If you want to make a complaint about the way CILIP has processed your personal information, you can contact the ICO in the UK as the statutory body which oversees data protection law – www.ico.org.uk/concerns.
Access to personal information
If any of your contact or personal details are incorrect,
please write to us or email ckg@cilip.org.uk, so that we can make any corrections promptly.
Individuals can find out if we hold any personal information by
making a ‘subject access request’ under the Data Protection Act 1998. If we do
hold information about you, we will:
give you a description
of it;tell you why we are
holding it;tell you who it could be
disclosed to; andlet you have a copy of
the information in an intelligible form.
To make a request to CILIP for any personal information we may hold you need to put the request in writing addressing it to CKG Awards Administrator, at CILIP, 7 Ridgmount Street, London. WC1E 7AE.
If you agree, we will try to deal with your request informally,
for example by providing you with the specific information you need over the
telephone.
Identity and contact details of controller: CILIP (7 Ridgmount Street, London. WC1E 7AE) is the controller and processor of data for the purposes of the GDPR.
© 2020
The CILIP Carnegie and Kate Greenaway Children's Book Awards