https://casof.org/wp-casf/privacy-policy/
CASF is a delightful community choir offering enthusiastic concerts.
Close
About
History
Membership
Tickets
News
Support
Contact
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
1. INTRODUCTION
The Choral Arts Society of Frederick (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates casof.org (the “Website”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information (as defined below) in connection with your use of our Website (the “Privacy Policy”).
By using the Website, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, do not use the Website.
2. DATA COLLECTION AND USE
While using our Website, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information means individually identifiable information about you that we collect online.   This may include your email address, name, phone number, and postal address. (“Personal Information”)
We collect this Personal Information for the purpose of identifying and communicating with you, responding to your requests/inquiries and improving our services.
CONTACT FORM
Information submitted through the contact form on our site is sent to our company email, hosted by A2 Hosting. A2 Hosting complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. You can find more information about this here: A2 Hosting Policies.
These submissions are only kept for customer service and CASF direct marketing purposes. They are never shared with third parties.
LOG DATA / GOOGLE ANALYTICS
We use Google Analytics on our site for anonymous reporting of site usage. No personalized data is stored. If you would like to opt-out of Google Analytics monitoring your behavior on our website please use this link: Google Analytics Opt-out.
3. EMBEDDED CONTENT
Pages on this site may include embedded content, like YouTube videos, for example. Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if you visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged-in to that website. Below you can find a list of the services we use:
FACEBOOK
The Facebook page plugin is used to display our Facebook timeline on our site. Facebook has its own cookie and privacy policies over which we have no control. There is no installation of cookies from Facebook and your IP is not sent to a Facebook server until you consent to it. See their privacy policy here: Facebook Privacy Policy .
YOUTUBE
We use YouTube videos embedded on our site. YouTube has its own cookie and privacy policies over which we have no control. There is no installation of cookies from YouTube and your IP is not sent to a YouTube server until you consent to it. See their privacy policy here: YouTube Privacy Policy.
4. COOKIES
This site uses cookies – small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience. In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences, store information for things like shopping carts, and provide anonymized tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics. Cookies generally exist to make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the help section of your browser.
5. WHO HAS ACCESS TO YOUR DATA
If you are not subscribed to the newsletter for our site, there is no personal information we can retain or view regarding you.
If you are subscribed to our newsletter, your personal information can be accessed by our system administrators.
6. THIRD PARTY ACCESS TO YOUR DATA
We don’t share your data with third-parties in a way that will reveal any of your personal information like email, name, etc. The only exceptions to that rule are for partners we have to share limited data with in order to provide the services you expect from us. Please see below:
SHOWTIX4U
ShowTix4U provides the ticketing platform we use to sell tickets. If you choose to purchase tickets for a show online you will be directed to this website:  https://www.showtix4u.com/event-details/34795. The privacy policy for ShowTix4U can be found at https://www.showtix4u.com/privacy-policy.
PAYPAL
Our website uses PayPal to allow members to electronically pay for things like memership dues and various purchases/fees. If you choose to use PayPal you will be directed to their website. The privacy policy for PayPal can be found at https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full?country.x=US&locale.x=en_US
7. HOW LONG WE RETAIN YOUR DATA
When you subscribe to our newsletter, contact us or submit a comment, metadata is retained until (if) you tell us to remove it. We use this data so that we can recognize you and communicate to you effectively. Website administrators can see and edit this information.
8. SECURITY MEASURES
We use the SSL/HTTPS protocol throughout our site. This encrypts our user communications with the servers so that personal identifiable information is not captured/hijacked by third parties without authorization.
In case of a data breach, system administrators will immediately take all needed steps to ensure system integrity and will contact affected users if needed.
9. YOUR DATA RIGHTS
GENERAL RIGHTS
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, and we strive to implement and maintain reasonable, commercially acceptable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information we store, in order to protect it from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure.
However, please be aware that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and we are unable to guarantee the absolute security of the Personal Information we have collected from you.
We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send, or by contacting us.
If you have a subscription on this website or have left comments, you can request an exported file of the personal data we retain, including any additional data you have provided to us.
You can also request that we erase any of the personal data we have stored. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes. In short, we cannot erase data that is vital to your being an active customer (i.e. basic account information like an email address).
If you wish that all of your data is erased, we will no longer be able to offer any support or other product-related services to you.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER
Your information, including Personal Information, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the information, including Personal Information, to the United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
10. THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
CASF may post links to third party websites on this website. These third party websites are not screened for privacy or security compliance by CASF, and you release us from any liability for the conduct of these third party websites.
All social media sharing links, either displayed as text links or social media icons, do not connect you to any of the associated third parties, unless you explicitly click on them. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
Please be aware that this Privacy Policy, as well as any other policies in place or any amendments, does not create rights enforceable by third parties or require disclosure of any personal information relating to members of the Service or Site. CASF bears no responsibility for the information collected or used by any advertiser or third party website. Please review the privacy policy and terms of service for each site you visit through third party links.
11. RELEASE OF YOUR DATA FOR LEGAL PURPOSES
We will disclose your Personal Information where required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement or to protect the security or integrity of our Website.
12. AMENDMENTS
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Website after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at webmaster@casof.org
or via postal mail at
The Choral Arts Society of Frederick
P.O. Box 1422
Frederick, MD 21702
Control your Data
Please identify yourself via e-mail
Enter your email address
Choral Arts Society of Frederick © 2020 All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy