https://cathysegalgarcia.com/privacy-policy
Cathy Segal Garcia
Cart
0
Home
Music
Videos
Performances & Events
Workshops
Teaching
Record Producer
About
Press
Contact
Back
Vocal Coaching
Visiting Clinician
WORKSHOPS
PRIVACY POLICYEffective: September 12, 2018This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) describes the data collection and use practices associated with the cathysegalgarcia.com’s (the “Site”). This Policy explains what information the Site collects about you and what the Site does with it. The Site reserves the right to modify this Policy at any time, and the Site will notify you of any material changes to the Policy by posting the new Policy here and changing the “Effective Date” at the top. The Site encourages you to check this page periodically for any changes. By using or navigating the Site, you acknowledge that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by this Policy or any modified Policy as posted. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use or visit the Site or any portion of the Site.Personal information collected on and/or through the Site is intended to be stored and processed in the United States and by using any aspect of the Site, you consent to the transfer of information outside of your country to the United States and to other countries. Given current cloud based load leveling used by many ISPs it is possible that the personal information collected on and/or through the Site will be processed in locations outside the United States and you consent to the transfer and processing of your information globally.INFORMATION COLLECTIONThe Site may collect personal information that you provide to us such as your name, e-mail address, street address and telephone number. The site or its e-commerce providers, generally collect this personal information on our registration forms and our order forms when you sign up to receive products or services from the Site. The Site may also collect information from our online surveys if you choose to participate, such as age, gender and income level. When you visit the Site, the Site may also collect certain demographic information about you, including your IP address, zip code and browser program. The Site may also collect information regarding your use of the Site through the use of cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies.If you choose to post messages, comments, or other information in one of the public forums or other areas on the Site, or on third party websites linked to the Site (such as any related Facebook page, YouTube channel, or Tumblr) the Site may maintain such information about you as you disclose in your posting.Please review the privacy policy of each of your social networks (such as any related Facebook page, YouTube channel, or Tumblr) to learn more about how you can control the dissemination of your personal information using such social networks’ privacy settings.If you send any personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, the Site may, but is not obligated to, collect such information into a file specific to you. The Site may also maintain a record or notes of communications with you regarding your account.INFORMATION USAGEThe Site’s e-commerce providers may use your information in order to process your credit card payments, to fulfill your orders and/or requests, to facilitate your viewing and use of our Site, to communicate with you, and to provide you with information about Cathy Segal-Garcia, as well as some of our partners and third party companies in which the Site thinks you may be interested. The Site may also use this information to compile broad demographic and Site usage information about users in general and you specifically.The Site, or our ISP and vendors, may use IP addresses, personal information, and anonymous demographic information to tailor your experiences at the Site by showing content in which the Site thinks you will be interested and displaying content according to your preferences. Your specific information may be shared with advertisers, commercial businesses, law enforcement, and market researchers. Anonymous demographic information may also be shared with advertisers and market researchers on an aggregate basis.The Site also uses information collected to evaluate and improve its services. The Site may develop and use, in its sole discretion, consumer research, which may be based on your use of the Site’s services.INFORMATION SHARINGIn some cases, the Site will share information the Site collects (including personal information and/or anonymous demographic information) with third party companies who may offer products or services in which the Site believes you may be interested. The Site may also share personal information such as your name and/or email address with advertisers and market researchers to the extent permissible in accordance with applicable law. The Site also shares this information with third parties with whom the Site partners.The Site may also share information the Site collects with third party service providers to manage certain aspects of the Site and/or the services the Site provides, such as maintaining our servers and processing or fulfilling orders for products and services you purchase that are promoted on the Site.The Site may also disclose your information in special cases if required to do so by law, court order or governmental authority or when the Site believes in good faith that disclosing this information is otherwise necessary or advisable, including, for instance, to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interfering with the rights or property of the Site owners, other site users or other contributors.In the event of a change in ownership or a merger with, acquisition by, or sale of assets to another entity, including through bankruptcy, the Site reserves the right to transfer all user information collected in connection with the Site, including but not limited to email addresses, to a separate entity.HOW LONG WE RETAIN YOUR DATAIf you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.WHAT RIGHTS YOU HAVE OVER YOUR DATAIf you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes. To request this, send an email to cathy@cathysegalgarcia.comVisitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection serviceUSE OF COOKIES, WEB BEACONS & TRACKING TECHNOLOGYCookies are pieces of information generated by web servers and stored on your computer for future access. The Site may use cookie technology to enhance your online experience by making the Site easier to navigate or to make a feature work better. Generally, cookies can be disabled at your discretion through your web browser settings. However, you must accept cookies in order for certain parts of the Site to work, including registration and posting comments. In addition, while you may always opt-out of receiving cookies, please note that your opt-out choices are device-specific and browser-specific, so if your preference is to opt out, you will need to do it for each of your devices and browsers. You may also delete your cookies, but that does not mean that all tracking will stop.The Site may also use technology known as “web beacons” or single-pixel GIFs that allow us to count visitors to the Site and deliver co-branded services. Web beacons collect limited, non-personal information including cookie number, time and date of a page view and a description of the page on which the web beacon resides.Additionally, the Site may use other tracking technologies to enhance the operation of the Site or to enhance the delivery of the site for viewing.The Site does not honor Do Not Track requests.INFORMATION SECURITYThe Site is run on third-party servers and services that the Site believes have implemented security measures in place that are usual and customary for websites that are primarily used for coaching services. As such, you should not expect the security applied to the Site to be state-of-the-art or impenetrable. The Site makes no representations or warranties regarding security.THIRD PARTY SITESThe Site may contain links to other websites. By clicking on any banner advertisement or other link, you will be redirected off the Site and to the applicable third party website. The Site is not responsible for the privacy policies or content of such websites. You should make sure that you read and understand the privacy policies of these sites and direct any concerns regarding external links to that site’s administrator or webmaster of that third party website.CHOICEE-mails you receive from us may include specific instructions on how to unsubscribe, and you may unsubscribe at any time. Please note that it may take some time to get you off of any list or subscription, including, without limitation, the mailing list.CONTACT USIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the practices of our Site, please contact us at cathy@cathysegalgarcia.com.The Site is about or is related to Cathy Segal-Garcia, and Cathy Segal-Garcia Coaching Services. The Site does not cater to children or maintain content for children and the Site does not knowingly collect any personal information from persons under the age of 18.