http://cccband.com/privacy-policy/
DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
PRIVACY NOTICE and LINK POLICY
DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
This web site and the information it contains is provided as a public service by the Coastal Communities Concert Band Foundation (CCCBF). This system is monitored to ensure proper operation, to verify the functioning of applicable security features, and for other like purposes. Anyone using this system expressly consents to such monitoring.
RESTRICTION OF LIABILITY
CCCBF makes no claims, promises or guarantees about the accuracy, completeness, or adequacy of the contents of this web site and expressly disclaims liability for errors and omissions in the contents of this web site. No warranty of any kind, implied, expressed or statutory, including but not limited to the warranties of non-infringement of third party rights, title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and freedom from computer virus, is given with respect to the contents of this web site or its hyperlinks to other Internet resources. Reference in this web site to any specific commercial products, processes, or services, or the use of any trade, firm or corporation name is for the information and convenience of the public, and does not constitute endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by CCCBF.
OWNERSHIP
Information presented on this web site is considered public information and may be distributed or copied with proper credit. Photos, sound files, or video files are the intellectual property of CCCBF and may be copied or used only with the express written permission of CCCBF granted prior to use by the requester.
All information submitted to CCCBF via this site shall be deemed and remain the property of CCCBF, except those submissions made under separate legal contract.
CCCBF shall be free to use, for any purpose, any ideas, concepts, or techniques contained in information provided to the CCCBF through this site.
PRIVACY NOTICE
We collect no personal information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide this information to us. However, we collect and store certain information automatically. Here is how we handle information about your visit to our website.
If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the website, read pages, or download information, we will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically. This information does not identify you personally. We automatically collect and store only the following information about your visit:
The Internet domain (for example, “xcompany.com” if you use a private Internet access account, or “yourschool.edu” if you connect from a university’s domain) and IP address (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web) from which you access our website; the type of browser and operating system used to access our site; the date and time you access our site; the pages you visit; and If you linked to our website from another website, the address of that website.
We use the information we collect to count the number and type of visitors to the different pages on our site, and to help us make our site more useful to visitors like you.
If You Send Us E-mail
You may choose to provide us with personal information, as in e-mail with a comment or question. We use the information to improve our service to you or to respond to your request.
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, we do not share your e-mail or personal information with any other outside organizations.
Link Policy
Our website may have many links to our partners.
In a few cases we may link to private organizations or individuals. When you link to another site, you are no longer on our site and are subject to the privacy policy of the new site.