http://cdickens.com/more-information-about-us-privacy-great-expectations-guarantee-trading-terms-etc
More Information — About Us — Privacy — Great Expectations Guarantee — Trading Terms, etc. — My great Wordpress blog
About Us
For nearly 40 years C. Dickens has been providing people from all over the nation and many other parts of the world with the best in all facets Antiquarian Books and Maps. From just the hard to find to world class collectible books and maps we have helped thousands upon thousands of people obtain their fondest desires.
We are prepared to assist anyone from the novice who reads simply for pleasure to the person who desires to increase their knowledge to the serious collector. Our skilled and knowledgeable staff can provide you with service of the highest caliber to meet all your book and map needs.
No matter if your desire be for investment, establishing a personal library, building a subject-specific collection, supplying a special gift or decorator touch, obtaining book restoration and binding, or an appraisal for estate, insurance, or other purposes our skilled and knowledgeable staff can provide you with the best service possible. We are ready to work with you to attain your full satisfaction.
We strive to make your experience fun, satisfying, rewarding, special and unique.
If we ever fail to meet your expectations, please tell us and we will do all possible to make it right. If we meet or exceed your expectations, please tell others.
Great Expectations Guarantee
We guarantee that your purchase is as we represent or describe it to be, or we will exchange it, replace it with a credit or refund the purchase price at any time within thirty days of purchase.
Just return the item with its receipt in the same condition as when purchased. Please contact us for instructions before you make any return.
If an item is as we represent or describe it to be, the sale is final.
Privacy
Our policy is simple: We collect no personal information about you unless you choose to provide that information to us. We do not give, share, sell, or transfer any personal information to a third party.
Return to Home Page and Main Menu
Copyright 2014 - Special & Unique Books & Maps, Inc d/b/a C. Dickens Rare & Collectible Books & Maps - All Rights Reserved