http://chattanoogagirlschoir.org/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyCGCwpmaster2019-08-12T15:29:06+00:00
Privacy Policy
SECTION 1 – WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
When you make a donation through our website, as part of the transaction process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address.
When you browse our website, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.
SECTION 2 – CONSENT
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at chattanoogagirlschoir@gmail.com.
SECTION 3 – DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law.
SECTION 4 – THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
Links
When you click on links on our website, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
SECTION 5 – SECURITY
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
SECTION 6 – COOKIES
A browser cookie is a small piece of data that is stored on your device to help websites and mobile apps remember things about you. Other technologies, including Web storage and identifiers associated with your device, may be used for similar purposes. In this policy, we say “cookies” to refer to all of these technologies.
How We Use Cookies
Like most providers of online services, Chattanooga Girls Choir uses cookies, including third-party cookies, for a number of reasons, like protecting your data, helping us see which features are most popular, counting visitors to a page, improving our users’ experience, keeping our services secure, providing relevant advertising, and just generally providing you with a better, more intuitive, and satisfying experience. The cookies we use generally fall into one of the following categories.
Category of Cookies
Why we use these cookies
Necessary
We use these cookies to run our site, and to identify and prevent security risks.
For example, we may use these cookies to store your session information to prevent others from changing your password without your username and password.
Preferences
We use these cookies to remember your settings and preferences, and to improve your experience on our site.
For example, we may use these cookies to remember your language preferences.
Performance
We use these cookies to collect information about how you use our site, monitor site performance, and improve our site performance, our services, and your experience.
For example, we can use these cookies to learn more about which features are the most popular with our users and which ones might need some tweaks.
Your Choices
Your browser may provide you with the option to refuse some or all browser cookies. You may also be able to remove cookies from your browser. For more information about how to manage browser cookies, please follow the instructions provided by your browser.
Browser Cookies
Your browser may provide you with the option to refuse some or all browser cookies. You may also be able to remove cookies from your browser. For more information about how to manage browser cookies, please follow the instructions provided by your browser.
Mobile Device Identifiers
Your mobile operating system may let you opt-out from having certain device identifiers used for interest-based advertising. You should refer to the instructions provided by your mobile device’s manufacturer; this information is typically available under the “settings” function of your mobile device.
SECTION 7 – AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
SECTION 8 – CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at chattanoogagirlschoir@gmail.com.