https://chicanemusic.com/privacy-policy/
Please switch your browser.
Unfortunately, this website does not support Internet Explorer, please use another browser to access it.
Skip to content
LAST UPDATED: 29.10.2019
PRIVACY POLICY
Enzo Recordings Ltd (“Chicane Music”), is concerned about privacy issues and wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose information. This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information that we or our third party service providers collect through our website, the “Services”. By providing Personal Information (as defined below), you acknowledge you have read this Privacy Policy and you understand the terms and conditions herein.
This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible or liable for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third party service provider, including but not limited to Facebook, Inc., Twitter, Inc., Spotify AB, Apple Inc., Google LLC, Patreon, Inc.(“Patreon”), Teemill Tech Limited (“Teemill”) and any Services to which contains a link. In addition, the inclusion of a link on any third party service does not imply endorsement of, or affiliation with, the linked site by us or by our affiliates. Please note that the Services may include the ability to access and submit (including, for example, via another third party software application or service that is available through or in connection with another third party) certain information directly to additional third party service providers, such as Patreon, or to any application platform, such as Spotify, Apple’s App Store or Google Play. Such information is submitted by you directly to such third party service providers and this Privacy Policy does not apply to any such information submitted by you.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
What types of Personal Information do we collect about you and why do we collect it?
Personal Information We May Collect
Two types of information are collected in connection with the third party service providers: Personal Information and Other Information.“ Personal Information” is information that identifies you or makes you identifiable as an individual. “Other Information” is any information that does not reveal your specific identity. If we are required to treat Other Information as Personal Information under applicable law, then we may use and disclose it for the purposes for which we use and disclose Personal Information as detailed in this Policy. Other Information is addressed separately below, under the heading “OTHER INFORMATION”.
Our Services may collect the following Personal Information from you:
NamePostal address (including billing and shipping addresses)Telephone numberEmail addressCredit and debit card numberShopping cart contentSocial media handles
Collection of Personal Information
We and our third party service providers collect Personal Information through a variety of ways, including:
Through the third party websites or servicesWe may collect Personal Information through the third party service providers directly, for example, when you register for Chicane’s Sun:Sets Nation Subscription Service provided by Patreon, Inc., or make a purchase on Chicane’s Sun:Sets Nation Shop provided by Teemill Tech Limited, follow or interact with Chicane social media, media channels, website or make an electronic request to Chicane Music such as the completion of an electronic contact form or an email. OfflineWe may collect Personal Information from you offline, e.g., if you provide information to us at a concert venue.From other sourcesWe may receive your Personal Information from other sources, for example:publicly available databases; ormarketing partners when they share information with us in the context of marketing and promotional campaigns related to our business.
You are not required by statute or contract to provide any Personal Information to us. For example, when you participate in various opportunities provided through the Services, we collect Personal Information from you in order to enable you (or us) to complete your experience on the Services.
How We Use Personal Information
We and our third party service providers use Personal Information for the following business purposes including:
Providing the functionality of our Services and fulfilling your requests.To provide the Services functionality to you, such as arranging access to your registered account, and providing you with related customer service.For example, Enzo Recordings Ltd (Chicane Music) use Patreon to manage and provide Chicane’s Sun:Sets Nation Subscription Service. To help you understand how Patreon collects, uses and shares your Personal Information please see their Privacy Policy which applies to subscribers of Chicane Music’s Sun:Sets Nation on the platform (referred to as “Patrons”). To facilitate this direct connection with Patrons and enable membership rewards and obligations to be fulfilled, Patreon provides the personal data of Patrons (“Patron Data”) to Chicane Music. Chicane Music then process Patron Data in order to provide Patrons any and all products or services as part of that Chicane Music’s Services on Patreon. Chicane Music respects the privacy rights of Patrons when processing Patron Data and complies with Patreon’s Data Processing Agreement (“Privacy Promise”). To respond to your enquiries and fulfil your requests, when you contact us via one of our online contact forms, social media channels or otherwise, for example, when you send us questions, suggestions, compliments or complaints, or when you request information about our Services.To send to you administrative information, including information regarding the Services and changes to our terms, conditions and policies.To complete and fulfil your purchase, for example, to process your payments, have your order delivered to you, communicate with you regarding your purchase and provide you with related customer service.Enzo Recordings Ltd (Chicane Music) use Teemill Tech Limited to manage and provide Chicane’s Sun:Sets Nation Shop. This store is powered by Teemill.com software from Teemill Tech Ltd, a company registered in the UK (“Teemill”). Teemill Tech Ltd.’s Privacy Policy explains how Teemill use the Personal Information they collect from you, including their collection and use of Personal Information
We will engage in these activities to manage our contractual relationship with you and/or to comply with a legal obligation.
Providing you with our newsletter and/or other marketing materials and facilitating social sharingTo send you marketing communications, that we believe may be of interest to you if you have indicated that you would like to receive them (including, without limitation, by our third party service providers that send direct mail, email, social  media and other types of advertising).
We will engage in this activity with your consent.
Aggregating and/or anonymizing Personal Information.We may aggregate and/or anonymize Personal Information so that it will no longer be considered Personal Information. We do so to generate other data for our use, which we may use and disclose for any purpose.
We will engage in this activity because we have a legitimate interest.
To contact you with targeted advertising delivered online through social media and other platforms operated by other companies. You may receive advertising based on information about you that we have provided to the platform or because, at our request, the platform has identified you as having similar attributes to the individuals whose details it has received from us. To find out more, please refer to the information provided in the help pages of the platforms on which you receive advertising from us;To obtain more information about you by sharing your Personal Information with technology companies or platforms who may also hold information about you and can match their records with ours. We/these companies may use cookies to match the personal information each of us hold about you.
We will engage in this activity because we have a legitimate interest.
Accomplishing our business purposesData analysis, for example, to improve the efficiency of our Services;Audits, to verify that our internal processes function as intended and are compliant with legal, regulatory or contractual requirements;For fraud and security monitoring purposes, for example, to detect and prevent cyberattacks or attempts to commit identity theft;For developing new products and services;For enhancing, improving, or modifying our current products and services;For identifying usage trends, for example, understanding which parts of our Services are of most interest to users;For determining the effectiveness of promotional campaigns, so that we can adapt our campaigns to the needs and interests of our users; andFor operating and expanding our business activities, for example, understanding which parts of our Services are of most interest to our users so we can focus our energies on meeting our users’ interests.
We engage in these activities to manage our contractual relationship with you, to comply with a legal obligation, and/or because we have a legitimate interest.
Disclosure of Personal Information
We disclose Personal Information:
To our third party service providers, to facilitate the services they provide to usThese can include providers of services such as hosting, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfilment, infrastructure provision, IT services, customer service, email delivery, credit card processing, auditing, and other similar services to enable them to provide such services.To third parties, to permit them to send you marketing communications, consistent with your choices.Unaffiliated third parties or their vendors, to permit them to send, or cause to be sent, marketing communications to you in online and offline media.Chicane Music and their representatives may use this information to send to you communications (including marketing communications) that they believe may be of interest to you, including, for example, if you (a) sign up to join the Chicane Music’s mailing list and/or to receive such artist’s newsletters, (b) register with Chicane Music’s website or Services, or (c) have otherwise indicated that you would like to receive information and/or marketing communications from Chicane Music.To third parties that sponsor contests, sweepstakes and similar promotions so that they can facilitate and administer such contests, sweepstakes and promotions
By using the third party websites and services, you may elect to disclose Personal InformationOn or through message boards, chat, profile pages and blogs and other services to which you are able to post information and materials. Please note that any information and materials that you post or disclose on or through a third party service will become public information, and may be available to visitors to such third party website and to the general public, and may be redistributed through the Internet and other media channels where they will reach an even broader audience. Additionally, please note that, per our Terms and Conditions located at https://chicanemusic.com/terms-and-conditions/, we retain certain rights in the information and materials that you post on or through the third party services, and we may use and disclose such information and materials (including any Personal Information included therein) in accordance with our Terms and Conditions. We urge you to be very careful when deciding to disclose your Personal Information, or any Other Information, on or through the third party service providers. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE OR DISCLOSURE OF ANY INFORMATION YOU VOLUNTARILY DISCLOSE THROUGH ANY SERVICES.
Other Uses and Disclosures
We also use and disclose your Personal Information as necessary or appropriate, especially when we have a legal obligation or legitimate interest to do so:
To comply with applicable law.This can include laws outside your country of residence.To respond to requests from public and government authorities.These can include authorities outside your country of residence.To cooperate with law enforcement.For example, when we respond to law enforcement requests and orders.For other legal reasons.To enforce our terms and conditionsTo protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates;To protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, or that of our affiliates, you or others; orTo allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.In connection with a sale or business transaction.We have a legitimate interest in disclosing or transferring your Personal Information to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings) Such third parties may include, for example, an acquiring entity and its advisors.
Sensitive Information
We ask that you not send us, and you not disclose to us, any sensitive Personal Information (e.g., National Insurance numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, criminal background or trade union membership) on or through the Services or otherwise.
OTHER INFORMATION Other Information We May Collect
What types of Other Information do we collect about you and why do we collect it?
Other Information We May CollectWe and our third party service providers may collect Other Information (defined above) such as:
Browser and device informationMobile usage dataServer log filesInformation collected through cookies, pixel tags and other technologies. If you are located within the EEA please read our cookie policy “Using Cookies” under the heading “How We May Collect Other Information”, for further details on our use of cookies.Geographic location informationDemographic information and other non-personally identifiable information provided by youInformation about how you use the ServicesAggregated information
How We May Collect Other InformationWe and our third party service providers may collect Other Information in a variety of ways, including:
Through your browser or your device: Certain information is collected by most browsers, such as your Media Access Control (MAC) address, device type (Windows or Macintosh), screen resolution, operating system version, Internet browser type and version and the type and version of a Service that you are using. We and our service providers may also collect a unique device identifier assigned by us or our service providers to the device from which you are accessing a Service and other transactional information for the device that we and our service providers may use to serve content and advertisements to the device.Through your use of Mobile Apps: When you download and use a Mobile App, we and our service providers may track and collect Mobile App usage data, such as the date and time the Mobile App on your device accesses our servers and what information and files have been downloaded to the Mobile App based on your device number.Through server log files: An Internet Protocol (IP) address is a number that is automatically assigned to your device from which you are accessing a Service by your Internet Service Provider (ISP), and is identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever you visit the website or access the Services, along with the time of the visit and the activity on the website or Services. We and our service providers use IP addresses for purposes such as calculating Service usage levels, helping diagnose server problems, administering the Services and determining your approximate geographic location.Using cookies: We and our service providers may use cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, Adobe Flash technology (including Flash Local Stored Objects (“ Flash LSOs”)), Google Analytics, Facebook pixel tags and other similar technologies to, among other things, better serve you with more tailored information for our products and Services, and for those of third parties, facilitate your ongoing access to and use of the Services, and collect and store information about your use of the Services. For example, pixel tags and web beacons may be used in connection with a Service to, among other things, track the actions of such Services users, measure the success of marketing campaigns and compile statistics about such Services usage and response rates.If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure on most devices through which the Services are accessed that allows you to decline the use of cookies. To learn more about cookies, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/. If you choose to decline cookies, then some or all of the features, functionality and promotions available through the Services that may not be available to you.The use of these technologies allows our vendors, and third parties and their vendors, to deliver advertisements about our products and services, and the products and services of others, when you use the Services or other applications or visit websites or web properties across the Internet on any of your devices. These parties may place so-called “pixel tags,” “web beacons,” “clear GIFs” or similar technologies on the device through which you access the Services, and other applications or websites across the Internet, and also place or recognize third party cookies when you use the Services, or other applications, websites or web properties. They may also use these technologies, along with information they collect about your online use, to recognize you across the devices you use, such as a mobile device and a laptop. These vendors and third parties may use information about your visits, on the different devices you use, to the Services, and other applications, websites or web properties (excluding your name, address, and telephone number), as well as information received from third parties, to provide advertisements for us and others about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative at www.networkadvertising.org or the Digital Advertising Alliance at www.aboutads.info. You may also visit those sites to opt out of these advertising practices in desktop and mobile browsers on the particular device on which you are accessing this Privacy Policy.Our Services do not respond to browser-based do-not-track signals.Geographic location information: If you use any location-enabled products or services, you may be sending us location information. When you use a location-enabled service, we may collect and process information about your precise geographical location, such as GPS signals sent by a mobile device. We and our third party service providers and partners may use your device’s physical location to provide you with personalized location-based services, content and advertisements. In some instances, you may be permitted to allow or deny such uses of your device’s location, but if you choose to deny such uses, we may not be able to provide you with the applicable personalized services and content.From you: We may collect demographic information, such as your postal code or gender, as well as other information, such as your preferred means of communication, when you voluntarily provide this information to us. This information does not necessarily personally identify you or any other user of the Services, unless further information is added to it that would allow identification to take place. In such case, the information will be treated as Personal Information.Information about how you interact on the Services: We may collect information about how you interact on the Services. For example, some Services may utilize analytic tools to help us better serve you through improved products, services, and revisions to the Services. This collected information may let us know which services and features you are using the most within a Service, as well as device type and hardware features, country and language of download, etc.By aggregating information: We may aggregate Personal Information so that the end-product does not personally identify you or any other user of the Services, for example, by using Personal Information to calculate the percentage of our users who like a particular feature.
How We May Use and Disclose Other Information
Please note that we may use and disclose Other Information for any purpose, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law. If we are required to treat Other Information as Personal Information under applicable law, then we may use it as described in “How We May Collect Other Information” section above, as well as for all the purposes for which we use and disclose Personal Information. In some instances, we may combine Other Information with Personal Information (such as combining your name with your geographical location). If we combine any Other Information with Personal Information, the combined information will be treated by us as Personal Information as long as it is combined.
RETENTION PERIOD
We will retain your Personal Information and Other Information for as long as needed or permitted in light of the purpose(s) for which it was obtained and consistent with applicable law.
The criteria we use to determine our retention periods include:
The length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you and provide the Services to you (for example, for as long as you have a subscription account with us or keep using the Services);Whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject (for example, certain laws require us to keep records of your transactions for a certain period of time before we can delete them); orWhether retention is advisable in light of our legal position (such as in regard to applicable statutes of limitations, litigation or regulatory investigations).
WHERE YOUR DATA IS STORED
Some of the Personal Information or Other Information you provide will need to be given to and processed and stored by relevant third parties for the purposes of providing the Services or services to us or directly to you on our behalf, including the operation and maintenance of our website, social media pages, Chicane’s Sun:Sets Nation Shop and Chicane’s Sun:Sets Nation Subscription Service.
Some of these third parties may be based outside of the UK, EU or European Economic Area (“EEA”). Organisations that are based outside of the UK, EU or EEA may not be subject to the same level of controls in regard to data protection as exist within the UK and the EEA. For example, we transfer your personal information to the USA when using most social media platforms.
Where we transfer your information outside of the EEA in this way, we take steps to ensure that your personal information will be subject to one or more appropriate safeguards set out in data protection law. These steps include imposing contractual obligations on the recipient of your personal information or ensuring that the recipients are subscribed to ‘international frameworks’ that aim to ensure adequate protection, such as the US ‘Privacy Shield’ scheme. Due to the decision of the UK leaving the EU, the way your data is transferred from the UK to other countries may change to ensure continuing compliance with data protection regulations but it will not change the security of your data. This will depend on the data protection rules in place for the international transfers of data outside of the UK once the UK left the EU.
SECURITY
We will use reasonable physical, technical and administrative measures to protect Personal Information under our control. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please notify us immediately in accordance with the “Contacting Us” section below.
CHOICES AND ACCESS
Your rights in relation to any Personal Information or Other Information we hold about you
We give you many choices regarding our use and disclosure of Personal Information about you for marketing purposes.You may opt-out from the following as set forth below:
Receiving marketing-related emails from us: If you do not want to receive marketing-related emails from us and our affiliates on a going-forward basis, you may opt-out from receiving such emails either by using the unsubscribe mechanism provided in the email or by emailing us at dataprotect@chicanemusic.com.Our sharing of your Personal Information with unaffiliated third parties for their marketing purposes: If you prefer that we not share your Personal Information on a going-forward basis with unaffiliated third parties for their marketing purposes, you may opt-out from such sharing by emailing us at dataprotect@chicanemusic.com.
In each case, please make clear in your email what you are opting-out from. We will comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note that, if you do opt-out from receiving marketing-related messages from us, we may still send administrative messages to you.
How you can access, change or delete your Personal Information
If you would like to access, review, correct, update, suppress, restrict or delete Personal Information that you previously provided to us, if you would like to object to our use of your Personal Information, or if you would like to request to receive an electronic copy of your Personal Information for purposes of transmitting it to another company (to the extent this right to data portability is provided to you by applicable law), you may contact us at: dataprotect@chicanemusic.com. We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law.
In your request, please make clear what Personal Information you would like to have changed, whether you would like to have your Personal Information suppressed from our database or otherwise let us know what limitations you would like to put on our use of your Personal Information. For your protection, we may only implement requests with respect to the Personal Information associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.
Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting a change or deletion (e.g., when you make a purchase or enter a promotion, you may not be able to change or delete the Personal Information provided until after the completion of such purchase or promotion).
Where our collection and use of Personal Information is based on your consent, you may withdraw such consent at any time by emailing us at dataprotect@chicanemusic.com, and such withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before your withdrawal.
Cross-Border Transfer
The Services are controlled and operated from the United Kingdom; accordingly, this Privacy Policy, and our collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information, is governed by the laws of England and Wales, and the Services are not intended to subject Chicane Music or any of its affiliates to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of England and Wales. Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Services you understand that your information will be transferred to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country.
If you are located in the EEA: Some of the non-EEA countries are recognized by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of data protection according to EEA standards (the full list of these countries is available here. For transfers from the EEA to countries not considered adequate by the European Commission, we have put in place adequate measures, such as standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission regarding Personal Information. You may obtain a copy of these measures by contacting dataprotect@chicanemusic.com or consult standard terms by following this link.
The Services are not directed to individuals under the age of sixteen (16), and we request that such individuals do not provide Personal Information through the Services.
UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time. Please take a look at the “LAST UPDATED” legend at the top of this page to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we make the revised Privacy Policy available on or through a Service.
CONTACTING US
Chicane Music, in the case of e-commerce site Chicane’s Sun:Sets Nation Shop, Teemill Tech Limited is the company responsible for collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.
Chicane Music, in the case of Chicane’s Sun:Sets Nation Subscription Service, Patreon Inc. is the company responsible for collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information under this Privacy Policy
Making a Complaint
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or our data processing practices, please contact us by email at dataprotect@chicanemusic.com. Alternatively, if you are located within the EU/EEA, you may also lodge a complaint with a data protection authority for your country or region, or where an alleged infringement of applicable data protection law occurs. A list of data protection authorities is available here.
We are located at the following address:
Enzo Recordings Ltd, 33 Yeaman Shore, Dundee, DD1 4BJ
Attn: Privacy Coordinator
Please note that email communications are not always secure, so please do not include credit card information or other sensitive information in your email messages to us.
Website created by Influence Digital