https://choralarts.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated: July 22, 2020
The Choral Arts Society of Washington (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the choralarts.org and choralarts.secure.force.com website (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information (as defined below) in connection with your use of our Service (the “Privacy Policy”).
By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, do not use the Service.
Information Collection And Use
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information means individually identifiable information about you that we collect online. This may include your email address, name, phone number, postal address, user credentials, and payment information. (“Personal Information”).
We collect this Personal Information for the purpose of providing the Service, identifying and communicating with you, responding to your requests/inquiries, processing and servicing your purchase orders, and improving our services.
Log Data
We may also automatically collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, and browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics. We collect Log Data in order to perform analyses and to provide and improve the Service.
In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this type of information in order to increase our Service’s functionality. These third party service providers have their own privacy policies addressing how they use such information.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and transferred to your device. We use cookies to collect information automatically as you navigate our Service in order to improve your experience as a user.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. The Help feature on most browsers provide information on how to accept cookies, disable cookies or to notify you when receiving a new cookie.
If you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some features of our Service. Unless you have adjusted your browser settings such that it refuses cookies, our Service will issue cookies when you visit our Service. The Service is designed to respond to “do not track” requests from browsers.
Behavioral Remarketing
The Choral Arts Society of Washington uses remarketing services to advertise on third party web sites to you after you visit our Service. We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service. Below is additional information on our third-party remarketing vendors, Google and Facebook.
Google
Google AdWords remarketing service is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page: https://www.google.com/settings/ads
Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on – https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout – for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Facebook
Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc.
You can learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page: https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950
To opt-out from Facebook’s interest-based ads follow these instructions from Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/about/ads/568137493302217
Facebook adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can also opt-out from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA https://www.aboutads.info/choices/, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada https://youradchoices.ca/ or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe https://www.youronlinechoices.eu/, or opt-out using your mobile device settings.
For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook’s Data Policy: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services and/or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform specific tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use your information for any other purpose.
Communications
We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us.
Compliance With Laws
We will disclose your Personal Information where required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement or to protect the security or integrity of our Service.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, and we strive to implement and maintain reasonable, commercially acceptable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information we store, in order to protect it from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure.
However, please be aware that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and we are unable to guarantee the absolute security of the Personal Information we have collected from you.
International Transfer
Your information, including Personal Information, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the information, including Personal Information, to the United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Only persons age 18 or older have permission to access our Service. Our Service is not intended for anyone under the age of 13 (a “Child” or “Children”). If you are under the age of 13, do not use or interact with the Service in any way.
We do not knowingly collect information from Children. If you are a parent or guardian and you learn that your Child has provided us with information, please contact us at choralarts@choralarts.org. If we become aware that we have collected information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of July 22, 2020 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
choralarts@choralarts.org
or
The Choral Arts Society of Washington
1666 Connecticut Ave NW, Ste 525
Washington, DC 20009
Subscribe
Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates. We respect your privacy and will not share your address with third parties.
First Name*Last Name*Email*
CAPTCHA
Listen
Virtual Experience Support
Patron Portal
Chorus Connection
Privacy Policy
1666 Connecticut Avenue NW, Suite 525
Washington DC 20009-1066
Phone: 202.244.3669
Fax: 202.244.4244
©2020 The Choral Arts Society of Washington
Scroll to top
Gala Sign Up Form
First Name**Last Name**Email**
×