https://cincyblues.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content Skip to footerYou are here: Home / Privacy Policy
ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND
ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
The Cincy Blues Society is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy
Statement sets forth our current privacy practices with regards to the
information we collect when you or your computer interact with our website. By
accessing www.cincyblues.org, you acknowledge and fully understand The Cincy
Blues Society’s Privacy Statement and freely consent to the information
collection and use practices described in this Website Privacy Statement.
PARTICIPATING MERCHANT
POLICIES
Related services and offerings with links from this website along with any
other third-party sites, should have their own privacy statements that can be
viewed by clicking on the corresponding links within each respective website.
As The Cincy Blues Society does not have direct control over the policies or
practices of participating merchants and other third parties, we are not
responsible for the privacy practices or contents of those sites. We recommend
and encourage that you always review the privacy policies of any other third
parties before you provide any personal information or complete any transaction
with such parties.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
AND HOW WE USE IT
The Cincy Blues Society collects certain information from and about its users
three ways: directly from our web server logs, cookies, the user, including in
response to surveys and questionnaires and content voluntarily shared in
forums.
a. Web Server Logs
When you visit our website, we may track information to administer the site and
analyze its usage. Examples of information we may track include:
Your Internet protocol address.The kind of browser or computer you use.Number of links you click within the site.State or country from which you accessed the site.Date and time of your visit.Name of your Internet service provider.Web page you linked to our site from.Pages you viewed on the site.
b. Use of Cookies
The Cincy Blues Society may use cookies to personalize or enhance your user
experience. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a
web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to
your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned, and can only be read by a web
server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to
provide a convenience feature to save you time. For example, if you personalize
a web page, or navigate within a site, a cookie helps the site to recall your
specific information on subsequent visits. Hence, this simplifies the process
of delivering relevant content and eases site navigation by providing and
saving your preferences and login information as well as providing personalized
functionality. The Cincy Blues Society reserves the right to share aggregated
site statistics with partner companies but does not allow other companies to
place cookies on our website unless there is a temporary, overriding customer
value.
You have the ability to accept or decline
cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually
modify your browser setting to decline cookies. If you reject cookies by
changing your browser settings, then be aware that this may disable some of the
functionality on our website.
c. Personal Information of Users
Visitors to our website may be permitted to register for certain. When you
register, we will request some personal information such as name, address, email,
telephone number or facsimile number, account number and other relevant
information.
We will not disclose personally identifiable
information we collect from you to third parties without your permission except
to the extent necessary including:
To fulfill your service requests for products or services.To protect ourselves, our customer or our vendors from liability or to defend our rights, including investigations of fraud or misconduct.To third parties who have agreed in writing to maintain such information in confidence and use such information solely in performance of services to us.To respond to legal process or comply with law, including subpoenas.To entities under common ownership or control with us or to our owners, or in connection with a merger, acquisition, or liquidation of the The Cincy Blues Society.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in or after having not initially taken an opportunity to
opt-out, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact
you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at
any time, by contacting us at info@cincyblues.org. If you have registered your login
credentials for The Cincy Blues Society, you may also opt out directly by
logging into your account and choosing the opt out option.
USE OF WEB BEACONS OR
GIF FILES
The Cincy Blues Society web pages may contain electronic images known as web
beacons – sometimes also called single-pixel gifs – that allow The Cincy Blues
Society to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded
services. The Cincy Blues Society may include Web beacons in promotional e-mail
messages or newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened
and acted upon. Some of these web beacons may be placed by third party service
providers to help determine the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns or
email communications. These web beacons may be used by these service providers
to place a persistent cookie on your computer. This allows the service provider
to recognize your computer each time you visit certain pages or emails and
compile anonymous information in relation to those page views, which in turn
enables us and our service providers to learn which advertisements and emails
bring you to our website and how you use the site. The Cincy Blues Society
prohibits web beacons from being used to collect or access your personal
information.
ACCESSING WEB ACCOUNT INFORMATION
We will provide you with the means to ensure that personally identifiable
information in your web account file is correct and current. You may review
this information by contacting us by sending an email to info@cincyblues.org.
HOW TO CORRECT,
UPDATE, OR DELETE YOUR INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personally
identifiable information we store about you, register a complaint, or simply
want more information, contact info@cincyblues.org. You may also log in to your personal account
and make changes directly to the information we have on file for you.
HOW WE PROTECT
INFORMATION
We use commercially reasonable procedures to protect the personal information
that we collect from you against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as
unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. No security system
is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our databases or the
security during transmission to us of the information you supply over the
Internet. You can help us by taking precautions to protect your personal
information when you are on the Internet and only disclose information that you
want to be made public. Change your passwords often using a combination of
letters and numbers and make sure to use a secure web browser.
FooterContact Us
Cincy Blues Society
1623 Dalton Avenue 141080
Cincinnati, OH 45250
513-739-BLUE (2583)
info@cincyblues.org
About Us
The Cincy Blues Society is a member-supported, 501(c)3 not-for-profit organization whose purpose is to promote and advance the culture and tradition of Blues music as an original American art form. Formed in 1990, the Cincy Blues Society strives to fulfill its mission by encouraging and facilitating both performance and educational events and projects. Our focus is on “Keeping the Blues Alive!”
Learn More
Follow Us
FacebookTwitterYouTube
Affiliated Organizations
The Blues Foundation
Dayton Blues Society
Blues Jazz Folk Music Society
Columbus Blues Alliance
Northeast Ohio Blues Association
Cleveland Blues Society
Supported By