https://cinefex.com/privacy.htm
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for cinefex.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website.
INFORMATION COLLECTION, USE AND SHARING
Cinefex LLC is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. Cinefex LLC will not sell or rent this information to anyone. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. Cinefex LLC will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
YOUR ACCESS TO AND CONTROL OVER INFORMATION
You may opt out of any future contacts from us. You can do the following at any time by contacting us:
• See what data we have about you, if any.
• Change/correct any data we have about you.
• Have us delete any data we have about you.
• Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Our advertising service vendors and other third parties may also use Tracking Technologies for lawful business purposes. In doing so, these third parties may collect non-personally identifiable data including for example the make, model, settings, specifications (e.g., CPU speed, connection speed, browser type, operating system, device identifier) and geographic location of your computer, mobile or other device, as well as date/time stamp, IP address, pages visited, time of visits, content viewed, ads viewed, the site(s), application(s), destination(s), and/or service(s) you arrived from, and other clickstream data. The use of Tracking Technologies by third parties is subject to their own privacy policies, not this Privacy Policy, and we have no responsibility or liability in connection therewith. If you do not want the services that Tracking Technologies provide, you may be able to opt-out by visiting https://www.aboutads.info.
SECURITY
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, circulation) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Cinefex Advertising
Print Media Kit
iPad Media Kit
Web Media Kit
Cinefex Home
My Account
Print Edition
iPad Edition
Upcoming Films
Subscribe
Current Issue
Next Issue
Back
Issues
Film Finder
Customer Service
Partners + Links
Buy in These Stores
E-Mail Sign Up
Press + Media
Cinefex Blog
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Contact Us
advertising@cinefex.com
customerservice@cinefex.com
editorial@cinefex.com
© 2020 Cinefex LLC.
All rights reserved.  |  Terms  |  Privacy