https://clarinet.org/ica-policies/
Skip to content
Member Sign In
ICA Policies
ICA Values Statement
The International Clarinet Association is committed to fostering a safe and comfortable environment for all its officers, employees, members, performers, students, vendors, business associates, and visitors who attend or participate in any ICA-sponsored event or activity. This means that all participants are treated with courtesy, fairness, and mutual respect while participating in ICA events. Accordingly, the ICA requires its members and affiliates to maintain the highest standard of professional conduct and personal integrity while attending any event or activity sponsored by the ICA.
ICA Statement of Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
The ICA promotes clarinetists from all backgrounds coming together for inspiration and for cultivating personal, professional, and artistic excellence, in furtherance of its Mission Statement. All members, employees and participants are responsible for fostering a climate of mutual respect at all ICA events by nurturing an atmosphere that promotes equal opportunity and prohibits discriminatory practices and treatment. The ICA is committed to protecting such an atmosphere for all the participants at its events.
ICA Policy Prohibiting Harassment and Discrimination
The ICA prohibits any forms of harassment, discrimination, or bullying on the basis of an individual’s actual or perceived race/ethnicity, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, religion, national origin, age, marital status, disability, or any other protected class pursuant to applicable law, in its workplace or at any ICA function or event. Harassment is any behavior that causes distress, feelings of a lack of safety, or actual physical harm. This policy is mandatory for all officers, employees, members, performers, students, vendors, business associates, and visitors. Offending persons will be subject to appropriate disciplinary or legal action. Such disciplinary action may be, for example, termination of a business relationship, termination of membership and/or ineligibility to participate in future ICA events, and/or termination of employment, depending on the status of the offender and the nature and severity of the offense.
As an organization committed to ensuring the safety and well-being of its members, the ICA has a procedure in place, specified in its Bylaws, to terminate a membership when the Board of Directors, in concert with the Ethics Board, determines that the purposes of the Corporation are adversely affected by a member’s conduct. In all such cases, the process provided in the ICA Bylaws shall be followed.
If any member or participant has experienced or is experiencing any conduct prohibited by this policy, a Director should be notified immediately and an investigation into the incident will be conducted. Any employee experiencing conduct in violation of this policy can notify a Director without fear of reprisal or retaliation, as any reprisal or retaliation regarding a good faith complaint is strictly prohibited.
Click here to view the official Board of Director’s Resolution.
Privacy Policy
The International Clarinet Association (ICA) uses the website https://ica.wildapricot.org/ as its “members only” website. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
ICA is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. ICA will only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily submit via email or other direct contact from you. The ICA will not sell, rent, or otherwise share this information with any other individual or entity, other than in accordance with your directions, e.g., to mail you copies of The Clarinet journal.
Unless you request that the ICA refrain from contacting you, the ICA may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
The ICA uses third-party electronic payment vendors to process credit card data when customers purchase ICA services using credit cards.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from the ICA at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting the ICA via the email address or phone number given on this website:
Determine what data the ICA has maintained regarding you, if any.
Change/correct any data pertaining to you that the ICA has maintained.
Request the ICA to delete any such personal data, such request to be accommodated in compliance with and pursuant to applicable law..
Express any concern you have about the ICA’s use of data.
Security
The ICA takes precautions to protect your information. When you submit personal information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Whenever the ICA collects personal information online (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to the ICA in a secure manner. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While the ICA uses encryption to protect personal information transmitted online, it also protects your personal information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers on which the ICA stores personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that the ICA is not abiding by its Privacy and/or Security policies, please contact the ICA immediately via telephone at +1.888.983.5441 or via email: EDO@clarinet.org.
2018-06-26
Search for:
Online Advertisements: click on a logo to visit the website of an ICA supporter!
We want to hear from you with comments and suggestions for future topics!
For submissions please contact:
The Clarinet [Online], TheClarinetOnline@gmail.com.
BuzzReed, BuzzReedICA@gmail.com.
Recent Posts
International Spotlight: Wang Tao (Chinese Version)
Remembering Jim Ognibene
A Lifetime of Generosity: James M. Pyne
Clarinet Works by Black Composers
Interview with Anna Hashimoto
Categories
Audio Notes
BuzzReed!
Five Minute Interview
Guest Blog
Just for Fun
Tip of the Day
Clarinet Cache
Clarinet Chronicles
ClarinetFest 2019
Competitions
Festivals/Workshops
ClarinetFest 2015
ClarinetFest 2016
ClarinetFest 2017
ClarinetFest 2018
ClarinetFest 2019
ICA Blog
International Spotlight
Jobs
Auditions
Teaching
Journal Supplements
Español
Français
Reviews
Audio Reviews
Book Reviews
Sheet music reviews
Meet the Clarinet Section
Member Spotlight
Obituaries
Pondering Pedagogy
TCO Articles
Uncategorized
Archives Archives
Select Month
December 2020
October 2020
September 2020
August 2020
July 2020
June 2020
May 2020
April 2020
March 2020
February 2020
January 2020
December 2019
November 2019
October 2019
September 2019
August 2019
July 2019
June 2019
May 2019
April 2019
March 2019
February 2019
January 2019
December 2018
November 2018
October 2018
September 2018
August 2018
July 2018
June 2018
May 2018
April 2018
March 2018
February 2018
January 2018
December 2017
November 2017
October 2017
September 2017
July 2017
June 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
March 2016
February 2016
January 2016
December 2015
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
Copyright © 2020 International Clarinet Association. Designed by Morgansites.com.
English
Afrikaans Albanian Amharic Arabic Armenian Azerbaijani Basque Belarusian Bengali Bosnian Bulgarian Catalan Cebuano Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Corsican Croatian Czech Danish Dutch English Esperanto Estonian Filipino Finnish French Frisian Galician Georgian German Greek Gujarati Haitian Creole Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hindi Hmong Hungarian Icelandic Igbo Indonesian Irish Italian Japanese Javanese Kannada Kazakh Khmer Korean Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kyrgyz Lao Latin Latvian Lithuanian Luxembourgish Macedonian Malagasy Malay Malayalam Maltese Maori Marathi Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nepali Norwegian Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese Punjabi Romanian Russian Samoan Scottish Gaelic Serbian Sesotho Shona Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sudanese Swahili Swedish Tajik Tamil Telugu Thai Turkish Ukrainian Urdu Uzbek Vietnamese Welsh Xhosa Yiddish Yoruba Zulu