https://clarivate.com/privacy-center/notices-policies/cookie-policy/
close
What we do
Products & Serviceskeyboard_arrow_down
CompuMarkGiving brands the ultimate certainty on trademarks through industry leading content and expertise.CortellisA suite of life science intelligence solutions that accelerate innovation.Darts-ipDarts-ip provides global information and analytics that support IP prosecution and litigation activities.DerwentWorld leading patent intelligence, tools and services that power the innovation lifecycle.MarkMonitorMarkMonitor helps establish and protect the online presence of the world’s leading brands – and the billions who use them.TechstreetOne of the world’s largest collections of industry codes and standards plus powerful tools for standards management.Web of ScienceOrganizing the world’s research information. We make research connect.
Investors
News
Blog
Contact us
Careers
Companykeyboard_arrow_down
Executive LeadershipCustomer DelightSustainabilitySupport
Cookie policy
Introduction
Similar to other commercial websites, Clarivate’s services utilize standard technology called “cookies” and web server logs to collect information about how the service is used.
What are cookies and what data do they collect?
Cookies are a feature of web browser software that allows web servers to recognize the computer used to access a website. These small pieces of data are stored by a user’s web browser on the user’s hard drive.
There are many different types of cookies and uses of data collected by them. Information gathered through cookies and web server logs may include the date and time of website visits, the pages viewed, time spent on our website, and the websites visited just before and just after our website.
This website may place temporary “session” cookies on your computer or device to help us confirm who you are and to help you navigate the website during your visits. These session cookies will be deleted automatically when you close your website browsing session. The information collected via session cookies is collected on an aggregate basis. None of this information is associated with you as an individual.
Third-party analytics services
We may use services hosted by third parties, such as Google Analytics, to collect information about how users use our site, allowing us to compile reports and improve its functionality. Some third party services collect aggregated non-personal information, such as the information sent by a browser as part of a web page request, IP addresses, time and duration of website visits, and/or how you found our website, such as via a search engine or social media.
Marketing
Other third party services may also combine the personal information you provide us (such as your email address) with cookies or other website tracking mechanisms. These services may be used to gather information, allowing us to provide you with more information about products or services in which you might be interested. When you submit personal information (such as your name or email address) on the site, we will ask if you agree to us using it to market and advertise our products and services.
How to manage your cookies
Since many websites rely on cookies and/or other tracking tools to help tailor a user’s experience, most Internet browsers are initially set up to accept them. You can disable cookies or other types of tracking tools through your computer or device’s Internet browser settings. However, some parts of this website may not operate correctly if you disable cookies. You should check your Internet browser settings if you have any questions regarding disabling cookies.
“Do Not Track”: Some newer Internet browsers have incorporated Do Not Track features, and when turned on, they send a signal to the websites you visit, telling the website that you do not want to be tracked while browsing. Websites differ in how they respond to these Do Not Track signals, as there is not yet a common understanding of how to interpret the Do Not Track signal. Because of this lack of clarity, our website does not respond to the browser Do Not Track signal. Thus, most cookies will continue to be stored until you choose to delete them.
Close close
What we do
Blog
Careers
CompuMark™
Giving brands the ultimate certainty on trademarks through industry leading content and expertise.
Cortellis™
A suite of life science intelligence solutions that accelerate innovation.
Derwent™
World leading patent intelligence, tools and services that power the innovation lifecycle.
MarkMonitor™
MarkMonitor helps establish and protect the online presence of the world's leading brands – and the billions who use them.
Techstreet™
One of the world's largest collections of industry codes and standards plus powerful tools for standards management.
Web of Science™
Organizing the world's research information. We make research connect.