http://clemenscenter.org/?post_type=wpautoterms_page&p=5396&preview=true
Terms and Conditions
Clemens Center
Broadway Series
Broadway Series Subscriptions
2021 Broadway Series
AN OFFICER AND A GENTLEMAN
Rodgers & Hammerstein’s SOUTH PACIFIC
Roald Dahl’s CHARLIE AND THE CHOCOLATE FACTORY
CATS
For Families
School-Time Series
2019-2020 School-Time Series
Have You Filled Your Bucket Today? The Musical
Dog Man: The Musical
The Diary of Anne Frank
The Monster Who Ate My Peas
I Have A Dream
Orchestra of the Southern Finger Lakes: Peter and the Wolf
The Pout-Pout Fish
The Magic School Bus: Lost in the Solar System
School-Time Admission
School-Time Arrivals and Transportation
School-Time Payments
School-Time Reservations
Events
Event Listing by Month
Full Event Listing
Comedy
Dance
Family
Music
Theater
Ticket Info
Gift Certificates
Group Rates
Ordering Tickets
Visitor Info
Accessibility
Box Office
Seating Charts
Directions
Parking
Area Attractions
FAQs
Technical Specifications
Cultural Partners
Performance Guidelines
Memberships
Individual Memberships
Benefactor’s Circle Membership
Business Memberships
Support Us
Bequests and Endowments
Business Supporters
Volunteers
Home
About the Center
History
Theater Gallery
Staff
Board of Trustees
Construction Transformation
Facts
Rental Information
Contact Information
Annual Report
Terms and Conditions
September 11, 2019 by
Last updated: September 11, 2019
Please read these Terms of Use (“Terms”, “Terms of Use”) carefully before using the http://clemenscenter.org website (the “Service”) operated by Clemens Center (“us”, “we”, or “our”).
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.
Accounts
When you create an account with us, you must provide us information that is accurate, complete, and current at all times. Failure to do so constitutes a breach of the Terms, which may result in immediate termination of your account on our Service.
You are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to access the Service and for any activities or actions under your password, whether your password is with our Service or a third-party service.
You agree not to disclose your password to any third party. You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
Intellectual Property
The Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of Clemens Center and its licensors.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Clemens Center.
Clemens Center has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Clemens Center shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend access to our Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
We may terminate or suspend your account immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
Upon termination, your right to use the Service will immediately cease. If you wish to terminate your account, you may simply discontinue using the Service.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Disclaimer
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of United States without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
Filed Under: Uncategorized
Located in the central Southern Tier of New York State, the Clemens Center is the region's premier performing arts center. On the Powers Theater and Mandeville Hall stages, the Center presents a vast spectrum of performance experiences. From blockbuster Broadway shows and dazzling dance programs to rousing classical and contemporary concerts to feel-good family entertainment, the Clemens Center excites and delights audiences of all ages!
Site Map
Broadway Series
School-Time Series
Event Calendar
Ticket Information
Visitor Information
Memberships
Support Us
For Families
About the Center
Rental Information
Contact Information
Annual Report
Home
Box Office Information
Located in the vestibule of our Main Lobby, The Box Office is open for walk-in business:Monday through Friday from 11:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m., with additional hours to accommodate performances.
You can reach our Box Office at:
607-734-8191 or 1-800-724-0159
Buyer Beware
The Clemens Center Box Office and ClemensCenter.org are the only OFFICIAL and AUTHORIZED sellers of Clemens Center event tickets.  Tickets purchased from other sources may be 1) more expensive 2) invalid and 3) ineligible for assistance.  The Clemens Center is not responsible for tickets purchased from other sources.
Connect With Us!
Join Our Mailing List
First Name Last Name Email * Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Clemens Center. (You can unsubscribe anytime)Constant Contact Use.By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: Clemens Center, 207 Clemens Center Parkway, Elmira, NY, 14902, http://www.clemenscenter.org. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact
Contact Us
Email:
info@clemenscenter.org
Mailing Address:
Clemens Center
P.O. Box 1046
Elmira, NY 14902-1046
Street Address:
207 Clemens Center Parkway
Elmira, NY 14901
Map
Administrative Office:
607-733-5639 (phone)
607-737-1162 (fax)
Box Office:
607-734-8191
or 1-800-724-0159
Copyright © 2020 · Clemens Center ·Privacy Policy
|
Terms & Conditions
X
The Clemens Center remains steadfast in our commitment to bring the best of programs to our region, and to provide you and your family a place for music, song, dance, inspiration and relief. Currently, our stage will be quiet in 2020, but behind the scenes we are busy planning for when we can once again present the world-class programs you have come to expect. Recently, we have unveiled our line-up for the upcoming Broadway Series and have introduced “virtual” Theatre Organ concerts.
We look forward to welcoming you back to the theatre in 2021!
“Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise!” – Les Misérables
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience possible on our website. By using our site, you accept
our use of cookies.OkPrivacy policy