http://clemenscenter.org/?post_type=wpautoterms_page&p=5388&preview=true
Privacy Policy
Clemens Center
Broadway Series
Broadway Series Subscriptions
2021 Broadway Series
AN OFFICER AND A GENTLEMAN
Rodgers & Hammerstein’s SOUTH PACIFIC
Roald Dahl’s CHARLIE AND THE CHOCOLATE FACTORY
CATS
For Families
School-Time Series
2019-2020 School-Time Series
Have You Filled Your Bucket Today? The Musical
Dog Man: The Musical
The Diary of Anne Frank
The Monster Who Ate My Peas
I Have A Dream
Orchestra of the Southern Finger Lakes: Peter and the Wolf
The Pout-Pout Fish
The Magic School Bus: Lost in the Solar System
School-Time Admission
School-Time Arrivals and Transportation
School-Time Payments
School-Time Reservations
Events
Event Listing by Month
Full Event Listing
Comedy
Dance
Family
Music
Theater
Ticket Info
Gift Certificates
Group Rates
Ordering Tickets
Visitor Info
Accessibility
Box Office
Seating Charts
Directions
Parking
Area Attractions
FAQs
Technical Specifications
Cultural Partners
Performance Guidelines
Memberships
Individual Memberships
Benefactor’s Circle Membership
Business Memberships
Support Us
Bequests and Endowments
Business Supporters
Volunteers
Home
About the Center
History
Theater Gallery
Staff
Board of Trustees
Construction Transformation
Facts
Rental Information
Contact Information
Annual Report
Privacy Policy
August 26, 2019 by
Last updated: August 26, 2019
Clemens Center (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the Clemens Center website (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible at http://clemenscenter.org
Information Collection And Use
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) may include, but is not limited to:
Name
Email address
Telephone number
Address
Log Data
We collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
We use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. To read more about the privacy policy that governs ticket sales, click here.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we discover that a child under 18 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our servers immediately.
Compliance With Laws
We will disclose your Personal Information where required to do so by law or subpoena.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Filed Under: Uncategorized
Located in the central Southern Tier of New York State, the Clemens Center is the region's premier performing arts center. On the Powers Theater and Mandeville Hall stages, the Center presents a vast spectrum of performance experiences. From blockbuster Broadway shows and dazzling dance programs to rousing classical and contemporary concerts to feel-good family entertainment, the Clemens Center excites and delights audiences of all ages!
Site Map
Broadway Series
School-Time Series
Event Calendar
Ticket Information
Visitor Information
Memberships
Support Us
For Families
About the Center
Rental Information
Contact Information
Annual Report
Home
Box Office Information
Located in the vestibule of our Main Lobby, The Box Office is open for walk-in business:Monday through Friday from 11:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m., with additional hours to accommodate performances.
You can reach our Box Office at:
607-734-8191 or 1-800-724-0159
Buyer Beware
The Clemens Center Box Office and ClemensCenter.org are the only OFFICIAL and AUTHORIZED sellers of Clemens Center event tickets.  Tickets purchased from other sources may be 1) more expensive 2) invalid and 3) ineligible for assistance.  The Clemens Center is not responsible for tickets purchased from other sources.
Connect With Us!
Join Our Mailing List
First Name Last Name Email * Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Clemens Center. (You can unsubscribe anytime)Constant Contact Use.By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: Clemens Center, 207 Clemens Center Parkway, Elmira, NY, 14902, http://www.clemenscenter.org. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact
Contact Us
Email:
info@clemenscenter.org
Mailing Address:
Clemens Center
P.O. Box 1046
Elmira, NY 14902-1046
Street Address:
207 Clemens Center Parkway
Elmira, NY 14901
Map
Administrative Office:
607-733-5639 (phone)
607-737-1162 (fax)
Box Office:
607-734-8191
or 1-800-724-0159
Copyright © 2020 · Clemens Center ·Privacy Policy
|
Terms & Conditions
X
The Clemens Center remains steadfast in our commitment to bring the best of programs to our region, and to provide you and your family a place for music, song, dance, inspiration and relief. Currently, our stage will be quiet in 2020, but behind the scenes we are busy planning for when we can once again present the world-class programs you have come to expect. Recently, we have unveiled our line-up for the upcoming Broadway Series and have introduced “virtual” Theatre Organ concerts.
We look forward to welcoming you back to the theatre in 2021!
“Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise!” – Les Misérables
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience possible on our website. By using our site, you accept
our use of cookies.OkPrivacy policy