http://clive-owen.org/website/privacypolicy/
Check out our collection of picture gallery
Skip to primary navigation Skip to content Skip to primary sidebar
You are here: Home / Clive Owen Online / Privacy PolicyThe privacy of our visitors to Clive-Owen.org is important to us.
At Clive-Owen.org, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you visit our fansite, Clive-Owen.org. Firstly, we will never sell your information to third party companies.
Log Files
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP, address, your ISP, the browser you used to visit our site (i.e.: Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site, which page you used to enter our site, as well as which paged was your exit page.
Cookies & DART Cookies
We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. However, the only part of the website that stores cookies, your personal preferences are the forums and gallery, if you choose to register for an account.
On Clive-Owen.org website, We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when youvisit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click streaminformation, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) duringyour visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and serviceslikely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beaconto collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of thistype of advertising, you can visit networkadvertising.org.
Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site and other such information. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes or for showing certain ads based on specific sites visited. Please read the below on the latter note:
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on www.Clive-Owen.org
Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to this website and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our Logan Lerman site as well as with other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or other accounts.
Contact Information
Clive-Owen.org welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Clive-Owen.org has not adhered to this Statement, please contact us at loganlerman.com(at)gmail.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Primary Sidebar
Favorite Links
Selena
Gomez Daily
Dakota Johnson Daily
Demi
Lovato Web
Jennifer Lawrence Daily
Xtina
Web
Katy
Perry Now
Kristen Stewart Daily
Celebrity
Hive
Projects
Valerian (2017)
Directed by: Bob Nelson
Status: Completed
Clive Owen as Commander Arün Filitt
Information | Images | Official
The Confirmation (2015)
Directed by: Bob Nelson
Status: Completed
Clive Owen as Walt
Information | Images | Official
Last Knights (2015)
Directed by: Kazuaki Kiriya
Status: Completed
Clive Owen as Raiden
Information | Images | Official
The Knick (2015)
Directed by: Jack Amiel, Michael Begler
Status: Completed
Clive Owen as Dr. John W. Thackery
Information | Images | Official
Favorites Links
Selena
Gomez Daily
Dakota
Johnson Daily
Demi Lovato
Web
Katy Perry
Now
Logan
Lerman Fan
Kristen
Stewart Daily
Jennifer
Lawrence Daily
Xtina-Web
Rooney Mara
Network
Adoring Megan
Fox
Leighton
Meester Daily
Lindasy
Lohan Source
Emily Blunt
Emma Stone
Follow Us on Twitter
Tweets by @clive_owen
Like Us on Facebook!