https://coachguitar.com/terms
BROWSE
Discover interesting lessons
ADDED RECENTLY
TRENDING NOW
SELECTED BY US
FOR BEGINNERS
EASY LESSONS
MEDIUM
ADVANCED LESSONS
trads.ALL ARTISTS
MY COACH FREE CURSUS
Categories
ROCK
FUNK
FOLK
POP
ELECTRONIC
COUNTRY
METAL
CLASSIC ROCK
BLUES
PUNK
REGGAE
SOUL
TV SHOW
LATIN
SOUNDTRACK
WORLD
RNB
CLASSICAL
JAZZ
My Lessons
Account
Log Out
TERMS OF SERVICE
CoachGuitar shares the concerns of users of CoachGuitar’s applications and websites (“you”) about the protection of your personal information. This is CoachGuitar’s policy regarding the privacy of information we collect inside our applications and websites. This privacy policy applies to the coachguitar.com website and all of the internet-accessible web properties and applications owned or operated by CoachGuitar. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that CoachGuitar does not own or control. By installing, using, or accessing CoachGuitar’s applications or websites, you agree to this policy. CoachGuitar collects certain information from you in order to provide you with the most interesting and useful applications and websites possible.
IOS PLATFORM
When you use CoachGuitar applications, Coachguitar collects your unique device ID, hardware type, the version of your operating system, your activity within our application, and your location (based on opt-in location-based services, which rely upon a device’s GPS coordinates)
COACHGUITAR PREMIUM PASS :
You can subscribe for unlimited access to our lesson catalog with the Premium Pass. Once a premium member you can use the CoachGuitar lessons with unlimited time and access.
- The premium subscriptions costs are $19.99 monthly with 7 days free or $119.99 yearly
- Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase
- Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period
- Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period at the cost of the chosen package
- Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user's iTunes Store Settings after purchase
- CoachGuitar Premium Pass is an option and the app can be used for free without it
- Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited when the user purchases a subscription to that publication, where applicable
- No cancellation of the current subscription is allowed during active subscription period
FACEBOOK CONNECT
If you sign into CoachGuitar applications with Facebook Connect, CoachGuitar will collect information that is visible via your Facebook account such as: (1) your first and last name, (2) your Facebook ID, (3) your profile picture/URL, and (4) your list of Facebook friends. Your name will be primarily used for user registration and in social features, which may include friend-to-friend interaction, chat, or messaging functionality, public leaderboards, head-to-head competition and other similar features.
INFORMATION COACHGUITAR MAY DISCLOSE
CoachGuitar does not sell or disclose personal information about you to other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide you with products or services, when we have your permission, or under the certain circumstances as detailed in this privacy policy.
COOKIES
CoachGuitar’s websites use “cookies” which deposit certain record keeping information on your hard drive. Cookies are used to keep track of your preferences, deliver content specific to your interests, and for other similar purposes. These cookies can’t read other data from your hard drive or read cookie files created by other sites or applications. Most browsers are set to accept cookies unless you reconfigure your browser to refuse them or to notify you when you will have received one. If you do not accept cookies, you will not be able to use certain features of CoachGuitar’s websites.
SECURITY
CoachGuitar’s website have certain security measures in place in effort to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
CORRECTING AND UPDATING INFORMATION
CoachGuitar offers the ability to correct or update online the information collected during registration by contacting support : support@coachguitar.com
GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation - https://gdpr-info.eu//)
CoachGuitar uses user account to log into videos plateform. We collect avatar, nickname, name, email and IP address. Datas are hosted in France, EU into Online.net : https://www.online.net/en/document-legal/legal-notices
All datas communication are encrypted by HTTP Cettificate. We use AWS Amazon S3 to backup our datas. We do not share or use users accounts datas for other purpose than log into user's multi-devices coachguitar videos plateform. Users datas are encrypted and not accessible from any external server.