http://cocanet.org/privacy-policy/
Due to COVID-19, some events on this website may be canceled; site visitors should refer to the event organizer's website for possible schedule changes.
Please scroll down and review the COCA Classifieds tab for the latest industry updates and resources.
SUBMIT LISTING LOGIN REGISTER LOGOUT MY ACCOUNT
HomePrivacy Policy
Share
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Print
Privacy Policy
The TallahasseeArts.org web site is provided as a public service for dissemination of information about the arts and entertainment in the Ventura region. In general, TallahasseeArts.org may receive personal information about users, and posting information which is information other than personal information and provided for dissemination on or through the TallahasseeArts.org web site or organization services. References to personal information mean a person’s name, address, telephone number, email address. TallahasseeArts.org will not accept social security number or credit card information. Such financial information may be requested by linked sites, and is subject to the privacy policies of the linked site. Posting information is provided voluntarily for use by TallahasseeArts.org in any manner it deems appropriate, in its sole discretion. Receipt by TallahasseeArts.org of any information or material from a user does not constitute a commitment by TallahasseeArts.org to use or maintain the information in any fashion. Users are responsible for the accuracy of information provided to TallahasseeArts.org.
All information which is submitted to TallahasseeArts.org will be subject to the following privacy policies.
Registration
TallahasseeArts.org currently requires registration and/or form submissions for use of the following services:
Event Submissions
Job Submissions
Audition Submissions
Class & Workshop Submissions
Tell-A-Friend Email
TallahasseeArts.org registration forms require users to submit certain personal contact information (such as name and email address). Such personal information is used (a) to distribute to the registrant information he or she has requested, and (b) to contact a user in relation to his or her account or submission. Reasons for contacting users include problems with the account or submission, changes to our site which require action on the user’s part, or informing a user of additional services specifically related to the services for which the user has already registered. If you do not wish to provide us with any personal information, you may still access and use much of the site; however you will not be able to access and use those portions of the site that require you to provide your contact information.
Users may, at any time, unsubscribe from our mailing list, delete an account, or request that an event, job, or audition they have submitted be removed from the site.
Information Collected
Statistical information regarding user traffic is collected by our web host and provided to TallahasseeArts.org. The statistical information is both used for internal purposes and reported to advertisers and other strategic and potential affiliates. Advertisers receive only information on an aggregate, rather than an individual basis. A user’s individual email address will never be disclosed to any third-party, unless we have received the user’s explicit permission to do so. TallahasseeArts.org may, at any time, delete information received from users from the TallahasseeArts.org site without notice.
Third-Party Advertising and Content
TallahasseeArts.org provides numerous links to web sites for arts organizations, performance venues, and ticket sellers, among others. In addition, TallahasseeArts.org is affiliated with, and has links to the web sites of, other companies and organizations. If you choose to use the services provided by one of the linked sites, you may be asked by that site to provide certain personal information. Some of this information may, on an individual or aggregated basis, be shared with us. Any personal information will be kept under our Privacy Policy. Please be aware that TallahasseeArts.org is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other web sites, even if our name or logo appears on those sites. We encourage you to be aware of when you leave our site and to read the Privacy Policy statements of each and every web site you visit, especially before submitting private information, as the Privacy Policy of those sites may differ substantially from our own. Our Privacy Policy applies solely to TallahasseeArts.org.
Credit Card Information
At this time TallahasseeArts.org does not directly collect credit card information. However, our affiliates and other third-party vendors often do. Online merchandise and ticket purchases for items and/or events featured on TallahasseeArts.org are fulfilled by an independent third-party vendor. TallahasseeArts.org will have no access to the user’s financial information. Please review each third-party vendor’s Privacy Policy and Terms of Service related to the services they provide. TallahasseeArts.org is not responsible for the content and/or fulfillment of purchases made on any third-party web site.
Cookies
A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. We use cookies in connection with certain of our services, for example, our Artist Profile and Bookmark services. Cookies may store a user’s name and password, sparing the user from having to re-enter that information each time he or she visits. Additionally, our advertisers may use cookies to help target advertisements based on user behavior. Users may choose to set their web browser to block cookies.
Note: TallahasseeArts.org provides numerous links to third-party web sites that may also use cookies. Please review the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service statements for each linked site for further information about cookies they may use. TallahasseeArts.org assumes no responsibility for the Privacy Policy and/or Terms of Service of any third-party web site, or the technologies they may use to track user behavior.
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics and a Google Analytics Advertiser Feature called Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to count website visitors. If you would like to opt out of Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting, you can use Google’s available opt-out tools.
Feedback and Testimonials
Any comments, feedback, or testimonials provided to TallahasseeArts.org regarding its services may be used byTallahasseeArts.org to improve its services, for promotional use, and/or to establish or maintain relationships with strategic affiliates and/or advertisers, and becomes the property of TallahasseeArts.org. If you have any comments, feedback, or testimonials you wish to provide to TallahasseeArts.org, please contact us.
Tell-A-Friend Email Form
TallahasseeArts.org offers users the ability to email page links and personal messages from our site to friends or family. This function is provided solely to allow users to recommend content they have found on this web site to their friends. Email addresses entered into this form, whether as sender or recipient, are not captured or stored in any way, and are not added to our mailing list or provided to any third-party. This function is not intended to allow a user to “spam” or otherwise send email to any individual with whom he or she does not have a pre-existing personal relationship. If you discover that such an abuse is taking place, please contact us immediately.
Surveys and Polls
TallahasseeArts.org may occasionally ask both registered and non-registered users to participate in online surveys. These surveys are strictly voluntary, and are not a condition to use of any portion of our web site. Our online surveys may ask users their opinions or for demographic information (such as zip code, age, or income level). This information will be used for TallahasseeArts.org’s internal purposes and may be shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis only. We may ask for contact information if we are providing an incentive to users for completing our surveys. The contact information is kept private and only used to contact you if necessary. For example, contact information is used to contact a user if he or she is a winner in one of our contests. Survey respondents’ individual contact information will not be shared with any third-party advertiser, content provider, or merchandiser.
Graphics and Photos
TallahasseeArts.org provides users the opportunity to upload or email images to TallahasseeArts.org for posting in connection with an event; listings for organizations, venues, or schools; or an Artist Profile. Users are strictly prohibited from uploading any image in violation of any domestic or international copyright law. By uploading, or otherwise emailing, an image to TallahasseeArts.org for posting on TallahasseeArts.org, user represents that the material does not infringe any proprietary or intellectual property rights of any third-party, and that user has the authority to grant, and does hereby grant, to TallahasseeArts.org a paid-up, royalty-free, nonterminable license to use, display, copy and transfer the image for and in connection with the TallahasseeArts.org site, and the promotion of the event, organization, venue, school listing, or Artist Profile described by user in the submission form or email. TallahasseeArts.org reserves the right to exclude information, images, or graphical content that it determines, in its discretion, to be inappropriate for posting or use for any reason.
Public Forums
This web site may make chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to our users. Some of these forums require registration, but are not monitored on a regular basis by TallahasseeArts.org. Please remember that these are public areas, and any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information. You should use caution when deciding to disclose your personal information in these public forums. If a participant in any of these forums communicates inappropriately or offensively toward you and/or any other participant, please contact us immediately.
Children/Minors
While TallahasseeArts.org does post event and class/workshop information in which participants may be under the age of 18, TallahasseeArts.org does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from or about children under 18 except as permitted by law.
Security
This web site has basic security and data backup measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Contacting Us
Please see our Contact Page.
Changes to this Policy
TallahasseeArts.org reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your use of this site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. Information collected prior to the time any change is posted will be used according to the rules and policies that applied at the time the information was collected.
Disclaimer
TallahasseeArts.org assumes no responsibility for, and expressly disclaims, any loss, expense, claim, or liability to users arising from any error in the information posted on its web site, the loss of any information transmitted to TallahasseeArts.org for any reason, or for any failure or malfunction of the web site.
Transfer of Information
Except for personal information, users consent to transfers to third parties of any information they submit to, at the discretion of parties without prior notification to the user and the opportunity for users to consent to or opt-out from any such disclosure or transfer. Notice is provided to a user once email notification is sent to the last email address listed with TallahasseeArts.org by that user.
TERMS OF SERVICE
Acceptance of Terms
The web site TallahasseeArts.org (the “Service”) contains material that is protected by international copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws. Unless otherwise specified, the Service is intended for your personal, noncommercial use only. You may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit or distribute in any way any material, including code and software, from the Service. You may download material from the Service and may use the Service for your personal, non-commercial use only, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. By using the Service in any way you are agreeing to comply with these terms, which we may update without notice and encourage you to review at any time.
As part of our Service, TallahasseeArts.org agrees to provide you with information and other computer services subject to these Terms of Service. You agree to use the Service in accordance with these Terms of Service. Accessing our Service, in any manner, for the purpose of obtaining information, technical or otherwise, about the Service constitutes use of the Service such that the party accessing the Service is bound by these Terms of Service. Because the web is an evolving medium, we may need to change these Terms of Service or impose new conditions on use of the Service, from time to time, in which case we will post the revised Terms of Service on this web site. By continuing to use the Service after we post any such changes, you accept the Terms of Service, as modified.
You may establish a hypertext link to this Service so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship of your site by TallahasseeArts.org. However, you may not, without the prior written permission of TallahasseeArts.org, frame any of the content of the Service, or incorporate into another web site or other service any intellectual property of TallahasseeArts.org, its parent or affiliate companies or its licensors.
License to TallahasseeArts.org
By posting messages, uploading files, or otherwise providing any material for display on the Service, you are representing that you are the owner of the material, or are making your submission with the express consent of the owner of the material. In addition, when you post a message, upload a file, or otherwise provide us with material for display on the Service, you are granting TallahasseeArts.org a royalty-free, perpetual, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to:
Use, copy, sub-license, adapt, transmit, publicly perform or display any such communication.
Sub-license to third parties the unrestricted right to exercise any of the foregoing rights granted with respect to the communication.
The foregoing grants shall include the right to exploit any proprietary rights in such communication, including but not limited to rights under copyright, trademark, service mark or patent laws under any relevant jurisdiction.
Disclaimers
This Service includes links and pointers to Internet sites, content and services provided by third parties. TallahasseeArts.org’s linking to any third-party sites does not imply an endorsement or sponsorship of such sites, or the information, products or services offered on or through the sites. In addition, neither TallahasseeArts.org, its parent organization nor their affiliates operate or control in any respect any information, products or services that third parties may provide on or through the Service or on web sites linked to TallahasseeArts.org. The materials, information, products and services offered on or through the Service and any third-party sites are provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind either express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, TallahasseeArts.org disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. TallahasseeArts.org does not warrant that the Service or any of its functions will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that any part of this Service, including bulletin boards, or the servers that make it available, are free of viruses or other harmful components.
TallahasseeArts.org does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the Service or materials in this Service or in third-party sites in terms of their correctness, accuracy, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. You (and not TallahasseeArts.org) assume the entire cost of all necessary maintenance, repair or correction.
Online Commerce
In addition, TallahasseeArts.org may allow you to purchase many different types of products and services online that are provided by third parties. TallahasseeArts.org is not responsible for the quality, accuracy, timeliness, reliability or any other aspect of these products and services. If you make a purchase from a merchant on the TallahasseeArts.org or on a site linked to by TallahasseeArts.org, the information obtained during your visit to that merchant’s online store or site, and the information that you give as part of the transaction, such as your credit card number and contact information, is collected by the merchant. A merchant may have separate privacy and data collection practices. TallahasseeArts.org has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies. For more information regarding a merchant, its online store, and its privacy policies, return to that merchant’s home page and click on its information links or contact the merchant web site directly. You release TallahasseeArts.org and its affiliates from any damages that you incur, and agree not to assert any claims against them, arising from your purchase or use of any products or services made available by third parties through TallahasseeArts.org.
When you purchase products or services on or through TallahasseeArts.org, you may be subject to additional terms and conditions that specifically apply to your purchase or use of such products or services. If you have any questions about these additional terms and conditions, you should contact the merchant of such products or services directly.
You agree to be financially responsible for all purchases made by you or someone acting on your behalf through the Service. You agree to use the Service and to purchase services or products through the Service for legitimate, non-commercial purposes only. You also agree not to make any purchases for speculative, false or fraudulent purposes or for the purpose of anticipating demand for a particular product or service. You agree to only purchase goods or services for yourself or for another person for whom you are legally permitted to do so.
Use of Company Directories
The information contained in any company directories that may be provided on the Service is provided for business lookup purposes and is not to be used for marketing or telemarketing applications. This information may not be copied or redistributed and is provided “as is” without warranty of any kind. In no event will TallahasseeArts.org or its suppliers be liable in any way with regard to such information.
Interactive Features
This Service may include a variety of features, such as bulletin boards, chat rooms, and email services, that allow feedback to TallahasseeArts.org and real-time interaction between users and other features, such as personalized homepages and e-mail services, that allow users to communicate with others. Responsibility for what is posted on bulletin boards, chat rooms and other public posting areas on the Service lies with each user – you alone are responsible for the material you post. TallahasseeArts.org does not control the messages, information or files that others may provide through the Service. It is a condition of your use of the Service that you do not:
Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Service.
Use the Service to post or transmit any unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane or indecent information of any kind, including without limitation any transmissions constituting or encouraging conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any local, state, national or international law.
Use the Service to post or transmit any information, software or other material that violates or infringes upon the rights of others, including material that is an invasion of privacy or publicity rights or that is protected by copyright, trademark or other proprietary right, or derivative works with respect thereto, without first obtaining permission from the owner or right holder.
Use the Service to post or transmit any information, software or other material that contains a virus or other harmful component.
Use the Service to post, transmit or in any way exploit any information, software or other material for commercial purposes, or that contains advertising.
Use the Service to advertise or solicit to anyone to buy or sell products or services, or to make donations of any kind, without the express written approval of TallahasseeArts.org.
Gather for the purpose of spamming e-mail addresses that have been posted by other users of the Service.
You understand that TallahasseeArts.org has no obligation to monitor any bulletin boards, chat rooms, or other areas of the Service through which users can supply information or material. However, TallahasseeArts.org reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, or to refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, that in TallahasseeArts.org’s sole discretion are objectionable or in violation of these Terms of Service.
Registration
To use certain features of the Service, you must register with TallahasseeArts.org on the form provided. You agree (a) to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Service’s registration form, and (b) to maintain and promptly update the information you provide to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If TallahasseeArts.org has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, we have the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Service (or any portion thereof). Our use of any personally identifying information you provide to us as part of the registration process is governed by the terms of our Privacy Policy.
Passwords
To use certain features of the Service, you will need a username and password. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account, and are responsible for all activities (whether by you or by others) that occur under your password or account. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. TallahasseeArts.org cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to protect your password or account information.
Classified Advertising
When you submit a classified ad (job, audition, volunteer, for sale, or other posting) for publication on TallahasseeArts.org, you agree that the advertisement as it appears on TallahasseeArts.org becomes the property of TallahasseeArts.org and you assign all ownership interest in the advertisement as it appears on the Service under copyright law or otherwise to TallahasseeArts.org. Submission of an advertisement does not constitute a commitment to publish the advertisement, and publication of an advertisement does not constitute an agreement for continued publication. We will accept only standard abbreviations and require proper punctuation. TallahasseeArts.org reserves the right to edit, reclassify, revise, reject or cancel any advertisement at any time, in its sole discretion. Rates and specifications are subject to change.
Limitation of Liability
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall TallahasseeArts.org, its parent organization or affiliates be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, TallahasseeArts.org materials, products, or services, or third-party materials, products, or services made available through the Service, or any part of the Service, even if TallahasseeArts.org is advised beforehand of the possibility of such damages. (Because some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of certain categories of damages, the above limitation many not apply to you. In such states, the liability of TallahasseeArts.org, its parent organization or affiliates is limited to the fullest extent permitted by such state law.) You specifically acknowledge and agree that TallahasseeArts.org is not liable for any defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of any user. If you are dissatisfied with any TallahasseeArts.org materials, products, or services, or with any of TallahasseeArts.org’s terms and conditions, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Service.
Termination
TallahasseeArts.org may cancel or terminate your right to use the Service or any part of the Service at any time without notice. In the event of termination, you are no longer authorized to access the part of the Service affected by such cancellation or termination. The restrictions imposed on you with respect to material downloaded from the Service, and the disclaimers and limitations of liabilities set forth in these Terms of Service, shall survive.
Other
This agreement constitutes the entire agreement between TallahasseeArts.org and you with respect to the subject matter contained in this agreement and supersedes all previous and contemporaneous agreements, proposals and communications, written or oral. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use the products or services of a third-party that are provided through the Service. In the event of any conflict between any such third-party terms and conditions and these Terms of Service, these Terms of Service shall govern. This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Virginia without giving effect to any principles or conflicts of law. If any provision of this agreement shall be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
Find An Event
Search by date:
Select Category
Camps
Dance
Festivals
Film
Free
Gala
History & Heritage
Kids
Lecture
Music
Online/Streaming
Theatre & Literature
Visual Art
Workshops & Classes
-- Adult Classes
-- Kids Classes
-- Music Lessons
-- Online Lessons
Select Venue
Search by date range:
Today
Tomorrow
Weekend
next
7
14
30
COVID-19 Phased Reopening Details
SEARCH
RESET
About COCA
Arts Education
Classifieds
Directories
Grants
OUR PARTNERS
DIRECTORIES
Organizations
Venues
Artist Directory
Outdoor Public Art
Outdoor Public Art Map
ARTS EDUCATION
Overview
COCA for Kids
COCA for the Classroom
COCA for Lifelong Learning
Monthly E-Newsletter
CLASSIFIEDS
Jobs
Auditions
Volunteers
Call For Artists
For Sale or Free
For Rent or Share
Funding Opportunities
Other
All Classifieds
SUBMIT LISTINGS
Events
Organizations
Venues
Artist Profile
Arts Education
Classifieds
ABOUT US
Overview
Partners
Contact Us
Disclaimer: COCA does not endorse any artists, organizations, or programs listed herein, nor imply stature through their inclusion in this website. While we have made every effort to ensure that this information is correct, we cannot guarantee the accuracy, completeness, or timeliness of the information.
© Copyright 2020 - Council on Culture & Arts | Contact Us | Site Map | Privacy Policy
Artsopolis Network Members: Akron OH | Austin TX | Bainbridge Island WA | Birmingham AL | Boston MA | Cape Cod MA | Cincinnati OH | Cleveland OH | Colorado Springs CO | Columbia SC | DuPage County IL | Durham NC | Essex County MA | Flagstaff AZ | Flint MI | Fort Lauderdale FL | Indianapolis IN | Kalamazoo MI | Kansas City MO | KeepMovingOKC | Macon GA | Main Line Area PA | Marin County CA | Marquette County MI | Mendocino County CA | Middlesex County NJ | Milwaukee WI | Montgomery County MD | Napa Valley CA | Nashville TN | Niagara County NY | Oklahoma City OK | Orange County CA | Orlando FL | Ottawa IL | Panama City FL | Pittsburgh PA | Providence RI | Quito, Ecuador | Richardson TX | Sacramento CA | San Antonio TX | St. Cloud MN | St. Croix Valley MN/WI | St. Johns County FL | Stillwater MN | Tallahassee FL | Tampa Bay FL | Utah | Ventura CA | York County PA