https://comedy-festival.co.uk/privacy-policy-2/
Big Difference Company, UK Kids' Comedy Festival, Leicester Comedy Festival Privacy PolicyWho We Are
Big Difference Company Ltd runs Leicester Comedy Festival, the UK Kids’ Comedy Festival and Big Difference Productions as a trading subsidiary producing community schemes and projects including Comedy in the Dark, Loving Laughing, Laugh Term Comedy School and Beyond a Joke.
(We) are each committed to protecting your personal information.
Our principal place of business is at:
Big Difference Company Ltd.
LCB Depot
31 Rutland Street
Leicester
LE1 1RE.
We are registered charity 1135167
The main telephone number for our office is 0116 2616812.
Our Data Protection lead can be contacted at info@bigdifferencecompany.co.uk
We operate the Leicester Comedy Festival website and other websites linked to our community schemes and projects www.comedy-festival.co.uk  www.theukkidscomedyfestival.co.uk www.bigdifferencecompany.co.uk  www.comedy-festival-takepart.co.uk  www.comedyinthedark.com   www.standupchallenge.co.uk www.bigdifferenceproductions.co.uk
You can use the following links to read the section of our Privacy Policy that applies to you:
Members of the Public
Volunteers
Comedians, Promoters and Venues
Business Partners and Sponsors
Employees, Board Members and Job Applicants
Cookie Policy
READRead the 2021 Festival GuideSTAY OVERNIGHTBook local hotels and B&BsUK KIDS' COMEDY FESTIVAL 202110 events across 5 venuesDONATESupport Leicester Comedy Festival
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Analytics Cookies
Cookie Policy
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings, and keep our website secure.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Analytics Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Cookie Policy
Cookies used by this website
There are two cookie types that you may encounter on comedy-festival.co.uk website. These are known as; ‘First party cookies’ and ‘Third party cookies’.
First party cookies: these are cookies that are necessary for our website to function and ensure a positive user experience.
Third party cookies: these are cookies delivered by other companies and determine ways in which we can improve or enhance our website. Please see below for a further description of these cookies and the time they remain resident on your computer…
comedy-festival.co.uk
First party cookies:
Name: PHPSESSID
Purpose: Stores session information whilst viewing the website to enhance user experience, such as event search filtering. No personal information is used in this cookie.
Expires: When you close your browser.
Provider: Wordfence
Name: wfvt
Purpose: A security cookie which helps prevent malicious website attacks, worms and viruses that could impact our visitors.
Expires: 30 minutes.
Third party cookies:
Used by Google Analytics, Facebook, Campaign Monitor and Wordfence.
Provider: Google Analytics
Name: _gat
Purpose: used to throttle request rates for analytics tracking.
Expires: 1 minute.
Provider: Google Analytics
Name: _ga
Purpose: Used to distinguish users when tracking analytics
Expires: 2 years.
Provider: Google Analytics
Name: _gid
Purpose: Used to distinguish users when tracking analytics
Expires: 24 hours.
Enable All
Save Changes