https://communitytv.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
loading...
Privacy Policy
We respect your right to personal privacy.  We collect and use information only as disclosed in this Privacy Policy.
Online Security and Privacy Policy
You can access and browse all publicly available pages of our Website without providing any Personal Information. If you choose to sign up to be a CTV Member through the Community Television website, you must provide the following information: your name, telephone number (in case our customer service personnel need to reach you), mailing address, email address (so that we may communicate with you by email about your Membership and CTV.
Personal Information is collected in the following ways:
Online Membership Registration
We use members’ personal information to contact Members to facilitate and streamline online registration.
Answering Questions
We use Personal Information provided by both Members and visitors to answer any questions/concerns you might have expressed.
Email
For our mutual convenience, when you register as a CTV Member you will receive an email confirmation, as well as one or more emails which will facilitate your use of our Center. From that point on, you will receive periodic communications that are intended to provide Members with information that will make use of the Center easier, or which will outline or disclose CTV policies applicable to Members, or news of importance to Members. Among other things, any changes in CTV policies relating to Members and their use of Centers will be announced by email. Because these communications are vital to our relations with Members and the services we provide, no “unsubscribe” function is provided with regard to this kind of communications.
Personal Information
The Personal Information We Share and Who We Share It With
CTV may share your Personal Information with companies that help us to process credit card payments. Under certain agreements we may make segments of your Personal Information available to other organizations as noted below: Under certain agreements, we may transfer aggregate survey information or information about your order, including your name, mailing address, description of your purchase and its dollar amount to a third party that we have retained to assist us in analyzing our marketing efforts. The third party marketing company may use this information to assist in making decisions about the dissemination of our survey information or marketing and promotional offers and materials such as catalogs. These companies are contractually prohibited from using, in any manner, the information obtained in the course of providing these services to CTV.
Disclosure Under Legal Duty
If compelled to do so by valid subpoena or court order or other governmental process, we may disclose your Personal Information as we are legally required to do. We may also use or disclose your Personal Information if necessary to protect the interests of CTV or its Corporate Affiliates.
How You Can Control the Use of Your Personal Information
There are several methods to contact us listed in this section. If you would like to change your Personal Information in our records or remove your name from our catalog mailing list, contact us using one of the methods set out below. There are known methods that spammers can use to hide their identity by using other people’s email address to send out emails. If you have a question about the genuineness of an email you receive from CTV contact us using the info@communitytv.org email address.
Email us at:info@communitytv.org, and include your name, address, telephone number, email address, and a note of instruction
Call us at: 1-888-379-2865
Write to us at: Community Television of Santa Cruz County, 325 Soquel Ave, Santa Cruz CA 95018, and include your name, address, telephone number, and a note of instruction.
Members
If you are an online registered member of thesatelliteinc.com you can access “Your Account” to update the Personal Information you have stored online.
Our Use of Cookies
We collect information on thousands of site visits about how users navigate through our web site. For example we use “cookie” technology to track which pages on our site our visitors view and which web browsers they use. We analyze this information in aggregate – that is, we collect this information and analyze it as a whole. We use this information to improve our site by making it more responsive to the needs and preferences of our users. On occasion, we may share this aggregate information with our affiliates or other third party companies to indicate to them the amount of interest in our site and to help us plan for technical improvements. Note: this aggregated information will not identify you or any other user of our web site.
We use cookies when you register on our site so that each time you visit our site we can remember your specified area of interest and any other information you have voluntarily provided and saved, and for no other purpose.
We use cookies to help us understand our web site traffic patterns to determine our visitors’ interests and needs. This helps us identify ways to improve our site by adding products and services that visitors have indicated by their preferences will benefit them. These cookies identify your computer and not your email address.
Security
How We Strive to Protect Personal Information
At CTV we have electronic and corporate policies and procedures in place for the security of every order placed online. We use Secure Socket Layer technology (SSL) to keep others from intercepting your information while it is being transmitted across the Internet. SSL technology is the industry standard method of communicating secure online transactions and is built into most major browsers. All pages that handle sensitive information are secure. All information, once on our server, is protected from any external intrusions. Once your order is processed, we will not retain your credit card number in our online systems. Only CTV employees who require your Personal Information to serve you have access to your data, which is password protected. Employees who have access to Personal Information are trained in the privacy policy and security practices of this Statement.
CTV may provide links to web sites outside of communitytv.org as an added convenience to our users. CTV is not responsible for the privacy, terms of use or other policies of any other web site or their management of your Personal Information.
Email Abuse
There are many unscrupulous individuals operating on the internet today who would think nothing of fabricating an email to make it appear that it comes from CTV. These individuals may be engaging in a practice known as “phishing” in which they attempt to trick unwary recipients of email into divulging Personal Information. CTV will rarely, if ever, request Personal Information in an unsolicited email message to you.
If you have any question about the genuineness of an email you receive that appears to be from CTV contact us at info@communitytv.org and do not furnish Personal Information in response to the email unless its authenticity can be verified.
Transaction Security
Secured communications on the web require attention to authentication, encryption and data integrity. All three are addressed by the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. Authentication is the process of establishing that you are communicating with our web server, as opposed to another server assuming our identity. We have obtained a DigiCertTM digital security certificate for thesatelliteinc.com. DigiCertTM is an independent third party that authenticates the identity of others on the Internet. The DigiCertTM certificate confirms that we are the recipients of your communication. Encryption is the process of scrambling data (through the use of keys and mathematical encoding algorithms) to prohibit anyone from understanding it if they intercept the data while it is on its way from your browser to our server. Encryption protects communications between your browser and our mainframe system. We have also implemented a firewall to protect all of our systems from intrusion. Data Integrity ensures the data passed between your browser and our server is not being tampered with while in transit. SSL protects information en route to us, and as mentioned, the DigiCertTM certificate confirms that we are the recipients of this information. You can be assured that we strive to protect your data with the utmost care at all points in the process. However, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be absolutely secure. Therefore, we do not warrant or ensure the security of any information sent to us online. If you have questions, comments or concerns please contact us via email at info@communitytv.org or call us at 1-888-379-2865.
To ensure you are in SSL (Secure Socket Layer) or secure mode for your transactions, look at the address of the page. Secure pages will usually appear with an address that begins with https:// rather than the standard http://.
Other Matters You Should Know
Our Policies Regarding Children
Age Requirements
You must be 18 years of age to become a CTV Member; we do not contract with persons under age 18. If you are under 18 years of age, please do not submit any Personal Information to Satellite.
Links
From time to time, we may decide to provide links to affiliated entities or other sites we think CTV Members may enjoy or benefit from. These sites operate independently of CTV and have established their own security privacy policy. For the best online experience, we encourage you to review these policies before submitting any Personal Information through these sites.
Updates to this Statement
Changes to Our Policy
We reserve the right to make changes at any time to our policies and/or alter the look and functionality of our web site. However, if we change how we use your Personal Information, we will post the policy change notification on the web site. and we will update this Statement accordingly. We encourage you to periodically review this Statement for the latest information on our security and privacy policy.
Our current Statement was last updated June 21, 2017 For further information, about any of the information in this Statement, please send an email to info@communitytv.org.
If we change our privacy policy, we will post those changes here.
Contact Info:
Community Television of Santa Cruz County
325 Soquel Ave.
Santa Cruz CA 95062
831-531-2300
email:  info@communitytv.org
Community Television of Santa Cruz County
Community Television of Santa Cruz County (CTV) is a 501c3 non-profit organization that provides tools, training and programming to foster dialogue, civic engagement and self-expression through television, the internet and other digital media. Learn how we help students, enthusiasts and professional video producers learn valuable skills, make a living and share their passions. Our vision: Empower our community to thrive in a digital world.
325 Soquel Ave.
Santa Cruz, CA 95062
Tel: 831 425 8848
Commercial Use of our FacilitiesWould you like to use our facilities?
Please click below to go to our Satellite website.
Donate to CTV Your generous donation allows CTV the ability to provide training, facility space, online programming and television broadcast to the Santa Cruz community. Together, with your donation, we can offer a means for community members to share their unique vision and voice through broadcast and online television productions.