https://contactquarterly.com/store/privacy-policy/index.php
DONATE
SUBSCRIBE
STORE
log outin
search
ContactQuarterly
dance &improvisationjournal
a vehicle for moving ideassince 1975
CQ Clone
what's new
MATCH Donations
new Unbound articles
Barbara Dilley BOOK
Honoring Nancy Stark Smith
DONATE
NEW!  Rolling Edition
CQ  Publications
full product list
new
subscriber discounts
CQ dance journal
subscriptions
current Issue
back Issues
books
dvds
dance products
ordering info
privacy policy
CQ  Store
dance kneepads
Dance Map Directory
CQ  remote resources
join our mailing list
home
about us
workshop/conference/performance project
job opportunities
internships
for college teachers
accountmanagement
accountmanagement
accountmanagement
ordering info
privacy policy
contact us
cq dance journal
about CQ
subscriptions
subscriber exclusives
current print issue
contents
contributor notes
CQ  Unbound
2020
2019
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
CQ  Rolling Edition
2020
CI  Newsletter
submissions
Article Gallery
CQ  Remote Resources
back issues
full list
contact editionsbooks & dvds
new & featured
full catalog
books
dvds
CQ  chapbooks
contact improvisationa dance form--resources
about CI
definitions
history
development
documentation
practicing CI
resources
CI Newsletter
S/F 2020
W/S 2020
S/F 2019
W/S 2019
S/F 2018
W/S 2018
S/F 2017
W/S 2017
S/F 2016
W/S 2016
S/F 2015
W/S 2015
S/F 2014
W/S 2014
S/F 2013
W/S 2013
S/F 2012
W/S 2012
S/F 2011
2011
S 2010
CI articles
CQ Unbound
Article Gallery
books & dvds
CI contacts list
CI SURVEY
back to top
Privacy Policy
|  pdf
Contact Collaborations, Inc. dba Contact Quarterly
/ Contact Editions / Videoda
Your privacy is important to Contact Collaborations (CC, Inc.) and we are committed to respecting it. This Statement applies to the Contact Quarterly website and explains how we handle and use the personal information we collect from our website. It does not apply to third party sites which you may access directly or indirectly from our site.
Contact Quarterly is a general audience website, intended for users of all ages. Personal information of users is collected, used, and disclosed as described below.
Collection of your Personal Information
CC, Inc. collects personal information, which may include your e-mail address, name, mailing and shipping address, telephone number, and credit card number, for the purpose of billing and shipping your purchases. Credit card information is used solely for the purpose of billing and is never retained. Furthermore, CC, Inc. does not collect any information about your computer hardware and software or request sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations.
CC, Inc. encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from Contact Quarterly so that you can understand how those websites collect, use, and share your information. We are not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Contact Quarterly website.
Use of your Personal Information
CC, Inc. collects and uses your personal information to process product orders and deliver the products requested. With your consent, CC, Inc. may also use personal information to inform you of news, announcements, special offers, and other products or services available from CC, Inc., and may contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current or potential new services that may be offered.
We occasionally hire other agencies to provide necessary limited services on our behalf, such as handling the processing and delivery of mailings, providing customer support, processing transactions, or email marketing. We will only provide those authorized service providers the personal information they need to deliver the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information and are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose. CC, Inc. does not sell, rent, or lease its customer lists to third parties.
When the personal data that we have collected is no longer required, we will delete it in a secure manner. We may process data for statistical purposes, but in such cases, data will be anonymized.
CC, Inc. may access and/or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on CC, Inc. or the site; or (b) protect and defend the rights or property of CC, Inc., including its website. However, we will do what we can to ensure that your privacy rights continue to be protected.
Personal information collected on this site may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which CC, Inc. or its agents maintain facilities, and by using this site, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country.
CC, Inc. abides by the Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data from the European Union, including, the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information for those residing in the European Union (EU) and the U.K., and in Switzerland (US-Swiss Privacy Shield.
If you have concerns about any of these purposes, or how we communicate with you, please contact us. We will always respect a request by you to stop processing your personal information (subject to our legal obligations).
Your Individual Rights under the GDPR for EU Residents
Right to be forgotten: You may terminate your Contact Quarterly account at any time, in which case we will permanently delete your account and personal information and all data associated with it except and until, as may be necessary, to fulfill a pending order or other contractual obligation, or as may be required by law for tax, auditing, or other legal purposes.
Right to object: You may prohibit the inclusion of your personal data for certain uses including, but not limited to, receiving mail or email notifications of news, announcements, special offers, etc.
Right to rectification: You may at any time access and update your account settings, or notify us of any changes you would like to make, to correct or complete your account information. You may also contact us to access, correct, amend or delete information that we hold about you as is referenced in Paragraphs 1) and 2) above.
Right to access: You have the right to know what data about you is being processed and how it is referenced in Paragraphs 1) and 2) above.
Right of portability: You may request that personal data held by CC, Inc. be given to a third party at any time upon your request.
Security of your Personal Information
CC, Inc. is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access that are located in controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential information (such as a credit card number) over the Internet, we use a secure payment gateway so your information is protected.
Changes to this Statement
CC, Inc. will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. If we make any significant changes in the way we treat your personal information we will make this clear on the Contact Quarterly website or by contacting you directly prior to implementing the change. CC, Inc. encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
date modified: June 2018
CQ
Contact Quarterly
P.O. Box 603
Northampton, MA 01061
ph: 413-586-1181
fax: 413-586-9055
site design by Ajitate programming by Daniel Lepkoff
Contact Quarterly is the longest living, independent, artist-made,
reader-supported magazine devoted to the dancer's voice in the field         of contemporary dance and improvisation.
© 2014 - 2020 Contact Collaborations, Inc. All rights reserved. CC is the 501c3 non-profit parent organization of Contact Quarterly, Contact Editions, Videoda, & Performance/Workshop project.
images on banner from CQ covers
circle drawing courtesy George Manupelli
home
subscribe
store
donate
contact us
privacy policy
webmaster
site map
login
Log in to your CQ online account:
Enter your log in email address:
Enter your password:
Keep me logged in(uncheck if on a shared computer)
Forgot your password?
In order to view online subscriber-exclusive materials on CQ Unbound and receive selected discounts on our webstore, you must be a subscriber.
<- href="Subscription" value="SUBSCRIBER NOW" ->
You must enter a password
Continue
Cancel
Log in email not found
Please wait .......
Search
This searches Author Names and Keywords in titles and subtitles of CQ articles in print and online; contents of articles online; and our Contact Editions catalog of books and dvds. If you don't find what you're looking for, check your spelling or try a variation.
Join CQ's Mailing List
By signing up for CQ's mailing list, you'll receive periodic updates about our print journal and online articles, new releases of books, dvds, and dance products, and special sales and discounts. Thank you for joining us.
full name:
email:
Notice
OK
Cancel
Alert
Retrieving Data....