https://cordcutting.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
To keep this resource free, Cordcutting.com is compensated by certain providers listed below. Learn More
To keep this resource free, Cordcutting.com is compensated by certain providers listed below. Learn More
Privacy Policy
of Cordcutting.com and all related websites
Cordcutting.com
152 West 57th Street, 37th floor
New York, NY 10019
At Cordcutting.com we take our ethical responsibilities and your privacy seriously by recognizing that your privacy is important. We have a strong commitment to providing excellent service to all our customers, visitors to this Web Site, and other users of our products and services, including respecting your concerns about privacy. This Privacy Policy discloses how we collect personal information, the types of personal information we receive and collect, our use and disclosure of current and former consumer information, as well as the steps that we take to safeguard your information. If you use this site, you understand the Cordcutting.com Privacy Policy in effect at the time of your use. We hope that this disclosure will help increase your confidence in our products and services, and enhance your experience. Therefore, in compliance with industry standards and regulations enforced typically by federal and state governments, we abide by the following Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
This Privacy Policy applies to all users of our products and services (“Consumers”), including those who have used our website (“Web Site”), which is owned by Centerfield Media Parent, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Owner”).  Please note that this policy applies only to this Web Site, and services wherein Cordcutting.com determines the purposes or means of processing your personal information, and not to web sites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we link, or business partners to whom we provide your information, based on your requests as relating to the product or service in which you are interest, and for whom we serve as service providers.  Alternatively, the information Cordcutting.com collects on behalf of a third party, to whom we provide marketing services, may be subject to both this Privacy Policy, and the third party’s privacy policy.  For more information on those companies or organizations’ personal information practices, and your rights, please visit their respective privacy policies.
Personal information is information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a natural person or household, such as a real name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, payment information, and account ID (“Consumer PII,” “personal information,” or “PII”).  When other information is directly associated with personal information, that information may also be considered personal information.  Information that is aggregated, de-identified, or anonymized is not considered personal information.  Publicly available information that is made available from federal, state, or local government records, also is not personal information.
We may collect, use, share, and/or store the following types of personal information, either online or on the phone, and either automatically, from you directly, or from third parties, for the business purposes as outlined in this Privacy Policy:
1) full name,
2) postal address,
3) shipping address,
4) internet protocol (IP) address,
5) primary and secondary phone numbers,
6) e-mail address,
(7) customer record information, including caller ANI, account number, and service address,
(8) payment-related information, including bank account or credit card information,
(9) voice recordings when you call us (payment-related information will not be recorded on the  call), and
(10) information pertaining to internet or network activity such as a consumer’s interaction with an advertisement, and other information obtained from cookies and clear gifs, as described further below.
We may collect personal information at the following times:
(1) when you register to receive communications from this website or any website owned by the owner of Cordcutting.com,
(2) when you seek information or apply for products and services offered through this website or any website owned by the owner of Cordcutting.com,
(3) when you enter promotions or sweepstakes offered by this website or any website owned by the owner of Cordcutting.com,
(4) when you provide personal information to us through feedback, survey, or other forms hosted on this site or any website owned by the owner of Cordcutting.com,
(5) when you visit our Web Site, including through cookies and clear gifs, as described further below, and
(6) when you contact us.
We collect your personal information in order to:
(1) process and fulfill your requests for information, products, and services,
(2) solicit your opinions and other feedback,
(3) conduct research,
(4) customize the advertising and content you see and receive,
(5) improve our products and services, and
(6) provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients.
In addition, we may receive information about you from other sources, such as service providers and unaffiliated third party marketing companies, for tracking purposes. We may add the information we receive about you through those means to your existing account. Like other web sites, we also automatically receive and record certain types of information every time you visit us. We use “cookies” and the other information to enhance your experience and present you with personalized offers. Likewise, we use third-party advertising companies to distribute and track advertisements appearing on our web site. These companies may employ cookies and action tags to measure advertising effectiveness.  More information about cookies can be found in our Cookies and IP Addresses section below.
At any point, Cordcutting.com reserves the right to collect additional consumer information. This Privacy Policy will be updated accordingly to reflect those changes.
Job Applicants
If you apply for a job with Owner, we will collect additional information in connection with your application.  This may include:
1) full name, email, phone number, LinkedIn URL or other URL;
2) work authorization status, or sponsorship requirement;
3) resume, CV, cover letter, work experience, and education information;
4) current employer;
5) skills;
6) professional and work-related licenses, permits, and certifications held;
7) reference-related information;
8) gender, race, and veteran status, if you choose to provide it to us; and
9) any other information that is available online, or that you elect to provide to us.
Such information may be collected from you directly, from your references, from a recruiter, from your prior employers, and from your places of education.  We will only use this information to evaluate your candidacy, including by processing your application, assessing your qualifications, corresponding with you, and complying with legal obligations.
Cookies and IP Addresses
To serve you more efficiently and effectively, we use “cookies” technology. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive that contains information about the user. Cookies are not way linked to Consumer PII. Once the user closes their browser, a cookie typically terminates. Cookies enable a web site to “personalize” itself for each user and reduce the time it takes for pages to load on your computer. In order to optimize your experience, cookies also help with the collection of customer tracking data. We may also capture customer tracking data on some of our partner’s web sites, related to activity involved with the completion of offers listed on our web site. This information is used to monitor the performance of our partners. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site will be limited. We also keep track of Internet Protocol (IP) addresses and may disclose your IP address during the course and scope of our business. An IP Address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer every time you log on to the Internet.
Your browser or device may offer settings that allow you to choose whether browser cookies are set and to delete them. For more information about these controls and to exercise your cookie preferences, visit your browser or device’s help material. If you choose to reject cookies, as noted above, you may not be able to use certain features of our websites and services.  To learn more about Cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
Some of our non-affiliated business partners (e.g., advertisers) use cookies on our site. We have no access to or control over such cookies. This Privacy Policy covers the use of our cookies only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Clear Gifs
We employ a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs) that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movement of Web users. We also use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails the recipients have opened. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. If users would like to opt-out of these emails, please see the Opt-out section within any email you receive from us.
Sharing of Your Personal Information
Except as expressly set forth herein, (i) we do not sell your personal information, and (ii) Cordcutting.com also does not share your personal information with partners or providers associated with other domains owned by Owner, the owner of Cordcutting.com.
We may share your personal information to the following categories of third parties, and/or under the following circumstances:
Partners, sponsors, advertisers, service providers and marketers lookup and reference services and any other entities that Cordcutting.com believes are able to provide Consumers with special offers and opportunities, including retail opportunities, that relate to the requests you have made. These businesses include providers of direct marketing services and applications, including lookup and reference, data enhancement, suppression and validation and email marketing.  In each case, you will have agreed to receiving such information.  For example, if you have requested a quote for a service from a particular company, we will share your information with that company to facilitate your request.
With other persons, if we believe it is necessary to 1) comply with applicable laws; (2) respond to governmental inquiries; (3) comply with valid legal process; or (4) protect the rights or property of Cordcutting.com, Cordcutting.com’s web sites or other Consumers.
In connection with, or during the negotiation of, any merger, sale of company stock or assets, financing, acquisition, divestiture, or dissolution of all or a portion of the business. Any successor company will continue to be bound by this Privacy Policy, unless it is modified as described by this policy.
When you request quotes or request to be contacted through Cordcutting.com or our other sites that we operate, you are authorizing us to share information with our business partners who will contact you by (i) phone, including without limitation any prerecorded telephone call to any telephone number including without limitation any wireless telephone number, which could result in charges to you, (ii) SMS text message, (iii) email, or (iv) mail. We may also contact you through any of the above means. If you do not want further communication from them or us, please notify the person or entity that contacts you directly.
Additionally, Cordcutting.com may share Consumer PII in aggregate (non-personal information), with select companies that wish to reach a particular Consumer target audience (e.g., female Consumers between the ages of 25-35, who have an average household income of over $50,000.00). This information will allow these entities to provide relevant offers to specific Consumers.
Cordcutting.com prohibits the sale or transfer of Consumer PII to non-affiliated entities for their use without giving you the opportunity to opt-out. Although Cordcutting.com advises everyone who receives Consumer PII from Cordcutting.com to support this Privacy Policy, Cordcutting.com has no control over such party’s information handling practices and is not responsible for any failure of such party to adhere to this Privacy Policy.
Service Providers
In some cases, we may require the use third party vendors, outside companies, to operate portions of the Cordcutting.com web site and/or to provide certain services including clerical, information processing and shipping services. The particular section of the web site may have a similar appearance as the Cordcutting.com site, and information submitted through these outside third parties are subject to this Privacy Policy unless otherwise stated.
When you sign up for our services, we will share only as much information as is necessary for the provision of those services. We require that all third parties, hired by Cordcutting.com, comply with our Privacy Policy in order to keep your information safe and secure. These third parties are prohibited from using or sharing your personal information for any purpose other than the job they were hired to do.
Advertisements & Pop Up Windows
On occasion, you may receive advertisements for Cordcutting.com from third parties. These advertisements are served by the third party web site that you have visited or directly from this website or any site owned by the owner of Cordcutting.com. In addition, such advertisements may be placed by third party ad servers or ad networks. We maintain relationships with a number of the third party ad networks currently operating. You may find more information at the web site of either the individual ad network or the network advertising initiative. Your relationships, transactions and any opt-out requests with any such third party are governed by the specific policy such third party has, and not those of Cordcutting.com.
Opting-Out
We offer you choices when we ask for personal information, whenever reasonably possible. We provide you the opportunity to “opt-out” of having your personal information used for certain purposes, when we ask for this information. You may decline to provide personal information to us and/or refuse cookies in your browser, although some of our features or services may not function properly as a result.
If you no longer wish to receive newsletter and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter or communication or by emailing or calling us per the information contained on our contact page. You may continue to receive email communications from us up to ten (10) business days from the time we receive your unsubscribe request.
Please note that Cordcutting.com can only control its own mailing list and policies. Our business partners may maintain their own mailing lists, and you may need to contact these parties directly in order to stop receiving their communications. Third party advertisers may also advertise our services, and you may have provided those third party advertisers consent to receive those communications directly.  Where that is the case, you may need to contact those third parties directly in order to stop receiving their communications.  Although Cordcutting.com only supports permission-based emails, Cordcutting.com does not obligate itself to restrict third parties advertising Cordcutting.com beyond that which is required by applicable law.
Third Party Links
This Privacy Policy applies to all information that Cordcutting.com collects. However, when you visit web sites to which Cordcutting.com provides a link, keep in mind you will be interacting with a third party that operates under its own privacy and security policies, and terms of use. If you choose to obtain certain services through a third party site, the data collected by the third party is governed by that third party’s privacy policy. A third party site will also have its own policy regarding the use of cookies and clear gifs. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and terms of use of any other service provider from whom you request services.
Minors
You must be at least 18 years old to use this web site. We do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose personal information about visitors under 18 years of age. If you are under 18 years of age, you may not use the services offered on our web site unless they are used with the consent, permission and supervision of your parents or guardians.
Updating Your Information
If you want to access or update the personal information you submitted to Cordcutting.com please e-mail us at info@cordcutting.com or write us at the following address.
Cordcutting.com Attn: Customer Care
152 West 57th Street, 37th floor
New York, NY 10019
Questions and Suggestions
If you have any questions, concerns or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, you may contact us:
(1) By sending an email to: info@cordcutting.com
(2) By sending a letter to:
Cordcutting.com
152 West 57th Street, 37th floor
New York, NY 10019
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Cordcutting.com reserves the right to update or modify this privacy statement at any time. The provisions contained in this Privacy Policy supersede all previous notices or policies regarding our privacy practices. We encourage you to check our site frequently to see the current privacy statement and to be informed of how we are committed to protecting your information and providing you with improved content on our website in order to enhance your online experience. Upon any material changes to the policy statement, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and/or other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. Our Privacy Policy will indicate the date it was last updated. Your continued use of our site will signify your acceptance of the changes to our Privacy Policy.
Your California Privacy Rights
Companies that collect personal information from California residents and disclose such information to Third Parties (including affiliated entities) for marketing purposes must, in response to a request by a consumer, either (1) provide a list detailing the categories of information shared and the entities to which such information was provided, or (2) provide a mechanism by which a consumer may opt-out of having their information shared with Third Parties. We have elected the second option and you may request that your personal information not be shared with Third Parties by sending your request, including your full name, email address and postal address to: info@cordcutting.com, or by mail to California Privacy Information c/o Cordcutting.com.
In accordance with California Civil Code Sec. 1798.83, California resident users are entitled to know that they may file grievances and complaints with California Department of Consumer Affairs, 400 R Street, Suite 1080, Sacramento, CA 95814; or by phone at 916-445-1254 or 800-952-5210 or by email to dca@dca.ca.gov.
For more information on how your personal information is collected and used, please read this Privacy Policy in its entirety.
Personal Information Report Request
In accordance with the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and other applicable state and federal regulations, you may request a report of personal information collected about you by Cordcutting.com within the past twelve (12) months, the categories of sources from which such personal information was collected, the purpose of such collection and the categories of third parties with whom your personal information was shared.  This complimentary report may be requested twice in a twelve-month period and will be provided within forty-five (45) calendar days from the request submission date upon verification of your identity. A request authentication measure is in place to ensure that your personal information is not being distributed to the wrong parties. Failure to comply with all necessary steps will result in an incomplete request and your consumer information report will not be sent. You may opt to receive your report electronically or by postal mail.  To request your report, call the following toll-free number or fill out our electronic form after clicking the link below:
844-280-2929
PII Report Request
Personal Information Removal/Deletion
As a California resident, you have the right to request that your personal information is removed from our systems. If you would like your personal information removed, please call the toll-free number below or fill out our information removal form after clicking the link below. All information removal requests will be processed within forty-five days of receipt of the request.
844-280-2929
Information Removal Request
Right to Opt-Out
As a California resident, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your PII.  If you would like to opt-out, then please fill out our opt-out form after clicking the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link below:
Do Not Sell My Personal Information Request
Right Not to be Discriminated Against
Cordcutting.com shall not deny any good or service to you, charge you a different price, provide a different level or quality of any such good or service or suggest you will receive a different price due to your exercising any of your rights under the CCPA.
PLEASE PRINT AND RETAIN A COPY OF THIS POLICY FOR YOUR RECORDS.
LAST UPDATED March 20, 2020
Advertiser Disclosure
×
Our goal at Cordcutting.com is to help people save money on the TV they love and access it on-the-go. We research options, new technology, share tips, review services, and more, at no cost to our readers.
We make editorial decisions based on our expertise, first-hand experience, and informed opinions. When you read our reviews or check our top picks for cord-cutting products and services, you can trust that you're seeing the result of hours of testing and years of experience in the cord-cutting space. Nobody other than our editorial staff or advisory team have any influence over our reviews, rankings, or recommendations.
We work with partners and may receive compensation through these partnerships. These partnerships never influence our reviews, rankings, or recommendations. Our partnerships exist to support our efforts to help our readers with free content.
So what do our partnerships affect? Very little. We may sometimes change when and where brands and links are referenced on our website, including the order of entries in unranked lists. We participate in affiliate programs, including the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program.