https://cornwallfolkfestival.com/wp/privacy-policy-2/
Cornwall Folk Festival Privacy Policy
This pages describes what information Cornwall Folk Festival collects, and how we use and store your data.
What we collect
We may keep, for example, your email address, mailing address or telephone number that is provided by you through means including email, verbal and written contact, by signing up to our mailing list, buying a ticket, trading or enquiring about trading with us, contacting us about performing or providing your information through any feedback surveys we run from time to time. By providing this information to us, you consent to us holding this information in relation to the purposes it was provided for.
We use Google Analytics and Facebook Pixel to collect or receive information about your use of our website so we can measure the interest  in our services and help us target adverts to help ensure as many people as possible that might be interested in our festival and other events are aware of what we do.
To opt out of such collection and use of information for ad targeting, visit: http://www.aboutads.info/choices or http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/.
What we do with your information
We may use your information to contact you about festival news or festival related information that may be of interest to you either by email, direct mail or e-newsletter.
Disclosure of personal information
We do not sell, share or disclose your information to any third party.
Data security
We take all reasonable steps to protect the data we hold from misuse, loss or unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
Ticket sale payments are handled by a third party service, paypal.com. We do not have access to any card details, but we will know your email and mailing address and phone number if supplied to Paypal. You may view paypal’s privacy policy here:
www.paypal.com/uk/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
(Note this is the UK version; if you are not in the UK, please check the link at the bottom of their home page at www.paypal.com.)
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information. This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity. Cookies also help us run our online ticket sales.
IP addresses
We use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard web server logs which show your unique IP address. This identifies what you have looked at; whether the page request was successful or not; and which browser you used to view the pages. It does not identify any personal detail. This data is only used for statistical purposes to inform us about the usage of the site and how many hits we receive.
How to unsubscribe from our e-newsletter
To unsubscribe, please follow the link on the bottom of the latest from our e-newsletter.
To update or remove your data
If you would like to update your personal information or have it removed from our database, please email us at info@CornwallFolkFestival.com.
We may update our Privacy Policy at any time and our up to date policy will always be displayed here.
Close Menu
Like every other website, we use cookies:
Find out more.