http://crashdown.com/news/privacy
Skip to content
Crashdown.com is completely unofficial and fan-run with no financial gain whatsoever. Authors, editors and fans all around the world are sharing their dedication for free for this website.
Crashdown (“website”, “we”, “us” or “our”) provides the information contained on this website or any of the pages comprising the website to visitors (cumulatively referred to as “you” or “your” hereinafter) subject to the terms and conditions set out in the website terms of use, this privacy policy and any other relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices which may be applicable to a specific section or module of this website.
Your privacy is very important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload or submit images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
We only collect personal information, such as your name and email address, if you choose to submit it to us. If you send a message to an e-mail address on this website or complete a website form and submit data to us, we will only use that information to respond to your message or to fulfill the stated purpose of the communication.
We may use any information you provide to us for future articles giving credit to you by adding your first name and the website or social media handle you submitted.
We do not use the information submitted through them for marketing purposes. The contact form is provided by Contact Form 7: https://wordpress.org/plugins/contact-form-7/
(From the plugin website: With the default configuration, this plugin, in itself, does not: track users by stealth; write any user personal data to the database; send any data to external servers; use cookies.)
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, tweets, Facebook posts etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
If you visit our website to read or download information, we collect and store the following information about your visit:
The domain name and IP address from which you access our site.
The Internet address of the web site from which you were referred to us.
The pages you visit, the information you request and the date and time of your visit.
We’ve got a plugin to see, how many visitors read an article and how many fans visited the website. All this information is collected for statistical, technical, analytical and site optimization purposes.
Advertising
The Google Advert from our host, which is placed on top of this website, is a required tool in order to cover the expenses of the website.
We do not control the links and content of the ads that appear. The advertisers have their own Privacy Policies and Customer Policies.
Subscriptions
Newsletter
You have the opportunity to opt-out of receiving e-mails in the future. The e-mail address you provided will used for news & updates on Roswell, the cast and their projects, only.
Who we share your data with
We don’t share share site data or any personal data with third parties on purpose. We are using WordPress and by default WordPress does not share any personal data with anyone.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service. We are using the free version of Akismet anti-spam service. Automattic’s privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/
How we protect your data
To protect the confidentiality, security and integrity of your personal data, we apply appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Policy Changes
Please ensure that you review the terms of this privacy policy on a regular basis as we reserve the right to change it at any time. Use of this web site constitutes acceptance of this policy and our associated terms and conditions.
Last Updated: May 22, 2018
Welcome to Crashdown the most comprehensive Roswell fan site on the net, with up-to-the-minute news, reviews, episode guide, gallery and fan fiction.
B+T The Show We Need!
We watched the teaser, enjoyed the first and second promo and NOW it’s our turn: Let’s see that alien green light for this show to be made and support the B+T Indiegogo campaign now! Everyone has a role.
Random Quote
It’s lovely. I mean, really it is, but I just thought that maybe as an option. This was my wedding dress, girls, and my mother wore it before I did, and I’d be honored –
— Mrs. Evans to her daughter., #306 To Have And To Hold
About B+T
Watch the B+T promo!
“Baron and Toluca” Project Announced
Which Easter Eggs Are In The B+T Promo?
EW: Here’s your first look at Baron and Toluca, a Roswell-inspired sci-fi series
Huffington Post Interview with Majandra & Brendan
Link Love
Shiri Appleby Online (WM Hosted)
Brendan Fehr Online (Fansite)
Kheigl.com (Official)
JasonBehr.org (Fansite)
Mad Online (Fansite)
From Fans For Fans Report A Mistake
Make Contact!
Write News/Content
Featured Video
https://youtu.be/7dXd-BXZgyY
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Reject Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Always Enabled