http://creedence-online.net/privacy_policy/
Creedence Online recommends:
Creedence Clearwater Revival T-Shirt
Information Collection and UseCreedence Online is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
RegistrationOn some pages a user is required to give his/her contact information (such as name and e-mail address). This information is used to contact the user. It is optional for the user to provide some additional information (such as URL, country),
but encouraged so we can provide a more personalized experience on our site.
Log FilesWe use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
SharingWe may share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person (such as emails, names, addresses...).
LinksThis web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site.
NewsletterIf a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for contact information such as name and email address.
Surveys & ContestsFrom time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name, e-mail), and demographic information (such as age level, country). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Site and Service UpdatesWe also send the user site and service announcement updates.
Correction/Updating Personal Information:If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as e-mail), it can be easily changed by contacting us.
Choice/Opt-outOur users are given the opportunity to "opt-out" of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask for the information.Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter may opt-out as described in welcome message every subscriber receives.
Notification of ChangesIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Front Page so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Home |
History |
All-In-One |
Photo Gallery |
Charts |
Polls
Shop |
Forum |
Links |
Feedback |
Privacy Policy
© 1998-2020. Creedence Online ver. 5.8