https://cso.org.au/terms-conditions/
close
Home
What’s on
CSO 2021
Digital programming
Tickets
Subscribe
Pricing
Gift vouchers
Terms and Conditions
Your experience
Venues
Dining and hotel options
What to expect
Community & Ensembles
Community
CSO Ensembles
Support CSO
Make a donation
Philanthropy
Partner with the CSO
Latest
About
The Orchestra
Governance & administration
Employment
Contact
Terms & Conditions
Share
Tickets are sold subject to the Terms and Conditions applicable to the venue where performed.
Mobile phones, pagers, etc must be turned off before concerts begin.
For the benefit of all patrons, children 7 and under are not admitted to CSO indoor concerts unless otherwise specified in promotional material.
Use of cameras and other recording devices is a breach of copyright and is prohibited at CSO performances.
The CSO reserves the right to refuse admission to a ticket holder who arrives late to an indoor performance. Latecomers may not be allocated to their designated seat until there is a convenient break, if any, in the program.
Gift Certificates must be redeemed for concerts within the one season and are not transferrable to subsequent seasons or performances.
Gift Certificates and tickets may not be resold or offered at a premium without written permission from the CSO.
Gift Certificates are not redeemable for cash.
The CSO presents artists and concerts on the basis of excellence. Any political affiliations or views expressed by participating artists or guest companies are not necessarily representative of those of the CSO.
Data Use & Protection
The Canberra Symphony Orchestra and it’s ticketing operation, CSO Direct, collects personal information at the time of sale for the purpose of communicating with customers with regard to cancellation notification, accounting and marketing of future CSO events. The collected information will be dealt with in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988 (Commonwealth). The CSO will not give customer details to any other person or agency. View CSO privacy policy online
You are not obliged to provide information but a failure to do so may mean you cannot purchase tickets. You may seek access to the information about you which is held at CSO Direct. Ticket Refunds 1. All transactions are final.
In accordance with the Entertainment Industry Code of Fair Practice, there are no refunds unless the performance is permanently cancelled without rescheduling.
Ticket Exchange and/or Replacement
Subscriber tickets purchased through CSO Direct for concerts in Llewellyn Hall may be exchanged for a different performance up to 5 days prior to the booked performance.
Original tickets must be returned to CSO Direct before exchanged tickets can be issued.
Lost tickets purchased through CSO Direct may be replaced up to 5 days prior to the performance.
Exchanged and/or replacement tickets are subject to availability and cannot be guaranteed.
Change of Artist and/or repertoire
While the CSO endeavours to present all concerts as advertised, artists and/or content might change where necessary.
Shell Prom Picnic Concert
Tickets for the Shell Prom Picnic Concert are General Admission to the grounds and do not have seating allocated.
Weather advice is taken from the Bureau of Meteorology on the morning of the concert. In the event of inclement weather, the decision to proceed or not is made no later than 9:30am on the day of the concert. This decision is broadcast on local radio, and posted on the CSO website, with updates on Facebook and Twitter throughout the day.
If the Prom is postponed, tickets purchased for the originally scheduled performance will be valid at the gate on the day the event does proceed.
In keeping with the Entertainment Industry Code of Fair Practice, there are no refunds available unless the performance is permanently cancelled. By purchasing tickets through the Canberra Symphony Orchestra ticketing service CSO Direct, you agree to these Terms and Conditions