https://cso.org.au/privacy-policy/
close
Home
What’s on
CSO 2021
Digital programming
Tickets
Subscribe
Pricing
Gift vouchers
Terms and Conditions
Your experience
Venues
Dining and hotel options
What to expect
Community & Ensembles
Community
CSO Ensembles
Support CSO
Make a donation
Philanthropy
Partner with the CSO
Latest
About
The Orchestra
Governance & administration
Employment
Contact
Privacy Policy
Share
Canberra Symphony Orchestra is very focused on its information handling practices. We care about the personal information of our current and future clients, as well as our staff and other stakeholders. As such, CSO has chosen to opt-in to comply with the Australian National Privacy Principles as detailed in the Privacy Amendment (Private Sector) Act 2000.
Information We Collect
We will not normally collect personal information other than your name, address, phone, fax or email address. This information will normally be collected to provide a service or fulfil an enquiry or request. We may also need to collect credit card details to enable us to process a payment from you. Additional information, such as your preferences for various services we provide, may also be collected.
We collect information on website activity, such as the number of visitors, the number of pages viewed, navigation patterns, what systems users have and the date and time of visits. This information is collected for statistical purposes only and cannot be used to identify you.
In certain circumstances, we may also place a cookie on your computer through your web browser. A cookie is a small data file that is sent from our webserver and stored on your computer’s hard drive. The cookie is not linked to your personal information and cannot be used to identify you. Its only purpose is to enable our systems to recognise your browser and provide you with a better interaction with our website. You may choose to reject the cookie, which will still allow you to visit the website, but may limit your experience and access on the site.
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
Your personal information will only be used for what is was collected for. Other than for debt collection purposes or as maybe required to enable a third party to provide you with services you have specifically requested, your personal information will not be shared, sold or given to any third parties without your consent, unless required or authorised under the exemptions set out in the Privacy Amendment (private sector) Act 2000.
We periodically conduct direct marketing campaigns to promote our services. In all such campaigns, we provide recipients with details on how to opt-out of future campaigns.
Quality of Personal Information
Our aim is to ensure that your personal information is accurate, complete and up-to-date. To help us with this, please contact us if any of your information you have provided changes. We will take reasonable efforts to correct the data.
Personal Information Security
CSO is committed to keeping the data you provide us secure, and we will take reasonable steps to protect your personal information from unauthorised loss, misuse, modification or disclosure. Information provided to process a payment on our website uses SSL 128-bit encryption of all your data sent between your computer and the webserver.
Access to Personal Information
You can request us to provide access to the personal information that we hold about you. To request access please contact us using the details provided below.
Emails
Emails we receive from you will only be used for the purposes given and are subject to the conditions set out in this privacy policy. Due to the nature of email, sending personal information in an email remains entirely at your own risk and CSO will not be responsible for any unauthorised use and disclosure of this information.
Links
The CSO website contains links to third party websites. Please be aware that CSO are in no way responsible for the privacy practices on these sites.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, the privacy practices of CSO, or you wish to make a privacy complaint, please contact:
The CSO Privacy Officer
Canberra Symphony Orchestra
Level 1
11 London Circuit
Canberra ACT 2601
Telephone 02 6247 9191
Fax +61 2 6247 9026
Email communications@cso.org.au
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Statement at any time. It is advisable to review this Privacy Statement periodically for changes. Further information on the Privacy Act and the National Privacy Principles can be found on the Australian Privacy Commissioner’s website at http://www.privacy.gov.au/