https://csoga.org/privacy-policy/
You are here: Home › Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for
www.csoga.org. This privacy policy
applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify
you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through
the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your
information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
As you browse www.csoga.org, advertising
cookies will be placed on your computer so that we can understand what you
are interested in. Our display advertising partner, AdRoll, then enables us
to present you with retargeting advertising on other sites based on your
previous interaction with www.ccsoga.org.
The techniques our partners employ do not collect personal information such
as your name, email address, postal address or telephone number. You can
visit this page (http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/) to opt out of
AdRoll and their partners’ targeted advertising.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only
have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email
or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information
to anyone.
We use cookies on our website for a variety of reasons which you can learn
about below. The cookies we use do not store personally identifiable
information nor can they harm your computer. We want our website to be
informative, personal, and as user friendly as possible and cookies help us
to achieve that goal.
By using our website, you agree to the use of cookies and other
technologies as set out in this policy. We appreciate some users may like
more individual control over their visit to our website and can adjust
their settings accordingly. If you do not agree to such use, please refrain
from using the website.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you
contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party
outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your
request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to
tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this
privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the
following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone
number given on our website:
• See what data we have about you, if any.
• Change/correct any data we have about you.
• Have us delete any data we have about you.
• Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive
information via the website, your information is protected both online and
offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that
information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can
verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web
browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web
page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted
online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need
the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer
service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The
computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are
kept in a secure environment.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be
posted on this page.
2 Comments
Nancy Glynn
August 9, 2018 at 10:13 pm
Please consider offering a Disney concert like is being offered by The Atlanta Symphony Orchestra.
Thank you!
Kristen Hudson
August 10, 2018 at 5:39 pm
Hi Nancy! We are also large fans of Disney music and will definitely take your suggestion into consideration. Thank you!
0 Pings & Trackbacks
0 Pings & Trackbacks
Leave a Reply Cancel reply
Comment (required)Name (required)
Email (required)
Website
Venue:
RiverCenter for the Performing Arts
900 Broadway
Columbus, GA 31901
RiverCenter Box Office Hours:
10AM to 5:30PM (EST)
Monday-Friday
Phone: 706.256.3612
CSO Office Hours:
10AM to 5:30PM (EST)
Monday-Friday
Phone: 706.323.5059
Fax: 706.323.7051
Summer Hours (June 7th-August 9th)
10AM to 5:30PM (EST)
Monday-Thursday; Closed Fridays
Mailing Address:
Columbus Symphony Orchestra
P.O. Box 1499
Columbus, GA 31902
Physical Address:
RiverCenter for the Performing Arts
900 Broadway
Columbus, GA 31901
Enter through the RiverCenter lobby on Broadway. Check-in at the security desk located by Legacy Hall. Security will escort you to our floor.