https://ctmd.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Who we are
This is the official site of the Center for Traditional Music and Dance. Our website address is: http://ctmd.org.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
We do not have a commenting system on our website.
Media
Our site does not allow users to upload media items to the site.
Cookies
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. Upon entering our website, you will notice a bar at the bottom asking for your consent to use cookies. If you choose to continue browsing the site, you agree to send us cookie information. You can revoke all these cookies directly from within your browser. To check how to do so, you can Google “revoke cookies [name of browser]“.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Mailing list
If you choose to opt-into our mailing list, you agree to share your personal data with us for the purpose of receiving periodical updates about us. You can always unsubscribe from the list directly from any newsletter email you have received in your inbox.
Donations
All donations to CTMD collected via this website are stored on our servers including personal information in compliance with the tax authorities in the US. We do not use this information for any other purpose but communicating with donors regarding their existing donation, to answer any questions they might have or if they would like to cancel a recurring donation.
We use PayPal as our payment gateway. They are a third-party that performs the digital financial transaction for us. They maintain the required legal information for tax and financial purposes.
Analytics
We use Google Analytics to collect anonymous data from visitors. IP’s are collected for the purpose of displaying geographical information. Other than that, no personal information is being collected. We have access to this information, but it is stored on Google’s servers and are subject to their own privacy policy.
Who we share your data with
Nobody.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
You can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Nowhere.
Your contact information
We do not share your contact information with any third party.
How we protect your data
Our files and database are stored on our Flywheel’s (our web host) storage solution. They are champions of website security. They protect the site from potential breaches 24/7 and have a dedicated team that makes sure no data is compromised. You may read about Flywheel’s approach to site security here.
All communications and financial transactions on this website are secure using 256-bit SSL encryption.
What data breach procedures we have in place
CTMD maintains our donor information securely on protected servers.
What third parties we receive data from
We do not receive any information from third parties on our users.
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
We do not have any automated systems related to profiling or user data.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy