https://curtissannmatlock.com/privacy-policy/
Menu
Skip to content
Home
Blog
The Books
If Wishes Were Horses
Sweet Dreams at the Goodnight Motel
Christmas Comes to Valentine
Excerpt from Christmas Comes to Valentine
The Loves of Ruby Dee
Love in a Small Town
Mary In Color
Once Upon A Christmas
Miracle On I-40
Valentine Series
The Reviews
Writer’s Life Quotes
Bio & Contact
Gluten-free Living
Chickens
Home-20
Privacy Policy
WordPress.com Cookies Policy
Search
Search for:
This page is to comply with the EU Directive on privacy and electronic communications, which is aimed at protecting the personal information of all of us. (You can read about this directive here.) I think this is a good thing. Heaven knows I take my own privacy seriously, and I’m going to take yours seriously, too. So, I’m putting up this page to explain as best I can.
Cookies:
You probably dealt already with the cookie notice that popped up. If you haven’t, you can read the Automatic/Wordpress cookie policy here. That page explains what cookies are and how they are used.
These cookies do not collect any personal information about you, and I cannot use these cookies to identify you. The cookies are used for a number of different purposes. Some of these cookies may be set when a page is loaded, or when a visitor takes a particular action (clicking the ‘like’ or ‘follow’ button on a post, for example). Many of the cookies in use are only set if you are a registered WordPress.com user (so you don’t have to log in every time, for example), while others are set whenever you visit one of our websites, irrespective of whether you have an account.
Comments
When leaving a comment on this website, you will be asked for
your name, which will be used to identify you within the discussion
your email address, which helps prevent spam as well as allowing you to use services like Gravatar to show a photo next to the comment
your website URL, which is optional.
This information will be used by the spam filter I have installed, Askimet, to help prevent my site from being flooded by spam. It will also be stored within my site’s database in order to keep your comment on display.
I will never share the information you provide when posting a comment, nor will I use it to contact you. You have the right to request that I remove this information from my database and delete the comment; if you would like to make such a request, please contact me.
Follow My Blog by email:
When you sign up to follow my blog posts by email, I ask you for your name and your email address, in order to send the blog post. When you sign up, you will be asked to provide your consent to receive email communications from me. Your information will be stored by WordPress, however they do that, in accordance with their privacy policy. You can unsubscribe to the blog post mailing any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the email, or you can contact me directly.
Newsletter:
Emails sent to members of my mailing list also contain cookies. These cookies identify whether you have opened an email and/or clicked a link within the email. These cookies record your email address, IP address, date and time you opened an email and/or clicked a link. They help me see whether an email has performed well or if I need to make some changes in the emails I send you. If you object to the use of these cookies, you must unsubscribe from my newsletter; the link is at the bottom of every email I send you.
When you sign up for my newsletter, you will be asked if you want to receive email from me. If you agree, your name and email address will be stored on my newsletter service and used to send you my email newsletter. I tend to email my readers when I have a new book out, when I’m running a deal on a book I’ve already published, or if I’m involved in an ebook promotion I think they’d like. This will generally be about once a month to twice a year. You can unsubscribe from my newsletter at any time by updating your profile or contacting me.
Contact Form:
You are asked for your name and email when you use the contact form to send email to me. This form simply sends the email, it does not store your name and email. Well, I don’t think it does. It may put a cookie, because when I attempt to use it myself, it has my email. I don’t know. The reason I use the form is to get legitimate email, not spam.
I will never share your email with any other person or entity.
Share this:Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Like this:Like Loading...
Follow Curtiss Ann's Blog via Email
Enter your email address to receive new blog posts right in your email inbox.
Email Address:
Follow This Blog
Read Curtiss Ann’s Blog
Book Recommendations
November 9, 2020
Signs of Life
October 26, 2020
Keeping On and Sale
April 15, 2020
Join me on Goodreads.com
Search for:
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Cancel
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
%d bloggers like this: