https://dancewellballroom.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Personal Information Collected By DanceWell
The information we learn from our visitors and customers helps us personalize and continually improve your experience at our website. Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our website or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might be unable to take advantage of many of our website’s features. We use the information to respond to your requests, customize procedures for you, improve our service, and communicate with you.
Sharing of Personal Information
We respect our website visitors and customers and their personal information, and we do not sell your information to others. We share visitor and customer information only with the subsidiaries and affiliates of DanceWell  if you, the visitor or customer, implicitly or explicitly, consents to such disclosure, or if we are compelled by law to do so.
We also employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf, such as processing credit card payments, sending regular and electronic mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, subcontracting dance lessons, event planning, and providing customer service. Such companies and individuals have access only to the personal information necessary for performing their functions, but they are prohibited from using it for other purposes.
Personal information may be released if necessary to: comply with the applicable law; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements; and/or protect the rights, property or safety of DanceWell, our customers and visitors to our website, or others. Personal information may also be exchanged with other companies and organizations for purposes of fraud protection and/or credit risk reduction.
Other than as set forth above, you will receive notice when information about you may be shared with third parties, and you will be afforded the opportunity to choose not to share the information.
Updating Personal Information
You may contact us at any time to update your personal information, to delete your personal information from our systems and/or to notify us of your contact preferences. Simply send us an email at linda@dancewellballroom.com setting forth your specific request.