http://dancevibes.be/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
DanceVibes.be, and its advertisers and affiliates are deeply committed to protecting the privacy of Internet users.
This website uses Google Analytics to help analyse how users use the site. These tools use ‘cookies’, which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for DanceVibes.be
We will never (and will not allow any third party) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any personally identifiable information of visitors to our site. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither we nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifying information from any source, unless you explicity submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.
DanceVibes.be does not collect any personally identifiable information about you such as name, address, phone number, or e-mail address, except when you sign up for the forum or other fill-in forms on our site. This information will be explicitly asked and not retrieved in some without you knowing it. The information you give us will not be sold or given away to any 3rd party company, website or individual.
dancevibes.be works with third party advertisers that serves ads to this site.
To find out more about how Google.com manages the privacy of information in conjunction with serving ads on this site, please go to http://www.google.com/adsense
To find out more about how Tradedoubler manages the privacy of information in conjunction with serving ads on this site, please go to http://www.tradedoubler.com/cp-en/legal/privacy.html
To find out more about how Tradetracker manages the privacy of information in conjunction with serving ads on this site, please go to http://www.tradetracker.com/gb/privacy
To find out more about how ValueClick Media manages the privacy of
information in conjunction with serving ads on this site, please go to http://valueclickmedia.com/member_privacy.shtml
If you still have questions, please contact us.
Search
Welcome !
to DanceVibes, the site dedicated to belgian electronic music. We bring you daily updates on all that is happening in the dance scene.
more about dancevibes.be
Cool sites
Check out these sites:
Sensation Records
Trance.nu
Dancewebsite.com
Digitally Imported
Juno
more...
Archives
Not so fresh news:
August 2014
March 2012
November 2011
March 2011
May 2010
more...
DanceVibes
Fresh Vibes
Artists
Reviews
Interviews
Lyrics
Contact Us
Copyright (c) 2001 - 2009 - DanceVibes.be. Samples, lyrics, videos and pictures are copyrighted by their respective owners.
Our Privacy Policy
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this.OK Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
necessary
Always Enabled
non-necessary