http://danceclubonline.com/privacy-policy
GameNews
Menu
HomeVideos  »Upload a videoPhotos  »Upload a photoNews  »Music News  »Club News  »Travel NewsTunesArtistsCommunity  »Profile    »Modify Profile Picture   »Friends  »Groups  »Photos  »Videos  »Sign Up
HomeVideos
Upload a video
Photos
Upload a photo
News
Music NewsClub NewsTravel News
TunesArtistsCommunity
Profile
Modify Profile Picture
FriendsGroupsPhotosVideosSign Up
Home / Privacy Policy
A+
A
A-
PRIVACY GUIDELINES
Digital Communities Online, Inc., d/b/a Dance Club Online.com ("Dance Club Online.com" "we," or "us") is committed to protecting your privacy. To do so, we have developed and adhere to this Privacy Policy, which discloses the information privacy practices for our Web site, www.Dance Club Online.com ("Site") (search engine), including the information that we collect and how we use that information. By visiting Dance Club Online.com, myhsol.com you are accepting the privacy practices set forth in this Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions set forth on the Site.
If users have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact Dance Club Online.com by mail:
Dance Club Online.comc/o Privacy PolicyP.O. Box 2291Rockville, MD 20847
Information We Collect
Dance Club Online.com collects personally identifiable information ("PII") about you that you specifically and voluntarily provide. Please understand that before you may purchase any of the products and services available on our Site, you must provide some PII to us. PII includes information that can identify you as a specific individual, such as your full name, address, phone number, and e-mail address. Upon our request, you may also choose to voluntarily provide additional PII to us, such as your age, gender, marital status, hobby information, travel preferences, etc. Dance Club Online.com will use PII provided by you to create a profile about you in the Chat 7 Forum section of the site My Profile area of your member account (Forum). Lastly, we may gather PII through your voluntary agreement to (i) subscribe to our newslist and (ii) participate in surveys, polls, promotions, contests, and sweepstakes sponsored by us.
Dance Club Online.com collects PII in order to: (1) tailor your experience at our Site to your interests, (2) help us continually refine the Site and improve the services we offer, (3) provide you with information about promotions and offers through e-mail and on the Site that we believe will be of interest to you, (4) complete air, car, hotel, show ticket, and dance club reservations, and (5) allow us contact you for customer service, if necessary. PII that we may collect is described below:
Membership information (Cat, Forum, Photo, & Search Engine). When you register to become a member of Dance Club Online.com, we ask you to choose a username and password, and we ask you to provide your e-mail address. We use this information to create your member account and will send you a "Welcome to Dance Club Online.com" e-mail to verify that the information you provided is correct and to provide explanatory information to you relating to our Site. Although you are required to register as a member of Dance Club Online.com in order to use selected website tools, and some PII is needed in order to process and fulfill the site information requests, many areas of Dance Club Online.com can be accessed without providing any PII.
Promotions, Contests, and Sweepstakes Information. Dance Club Online.com may offer Site visitors and our members the chance to participate in promotions, contests, or sweepstakes; your participation is voluntary. Those individuals participating in such activities will be requested to provide PII, including their full name, e-mail address, and street address, which we would use to contact you in the event that you are a winner.
Surveys and Polls. Dance Club Online.com may also request Site visitors and our members to participate in polls and surveys; your participation is voluntary. We will use information gathered through such polls and surveys to develop additional features, content, and promotions on the Site.
Information collected when you contact Dance Club Online.com. When you contact Dance Club Online.com with a question, comment, suggestion, or request for assistance, you may be required to provide PII, such as your full name, username, e-mail address, and/or contact phone numbers. If you personally contact or send communications to Dance Club Online.com, authorized employees may update your member profile to reflect any new PII received from you.
Information that is Automatically Collected through "Cookies"
As with most other Web sites, when you visit Dance Club Online.com, we automatically assign you a "cookie" (a small, unique identifier text fil
When you access Registered Photo Galleries/member area (a feature that allows you to view hidden photos within our main gallery) or My Profile areas of the Dance Club Online.com or when you reserve or purchase travel, Dance Club Online.com requires you to sign in as a member. When you do so, we record your user name and the member account name in the cookie file. We may also record your password in this cookie file." Your username, password, and the full name on your Registered Photo Galleries account is stored in the cookie file as encrypted data;
Third Party Cookies
The ads appearing on this Web site are delivered to you by Amazon, Linkshare, and Befree, our Web advertising members. Information about your visits to this site, such as number of times you have viewed an ad (but not your name, address, or other personal in-formation), is used to serve ads to you.
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser.
Use of your Personal Information
Information collected on Dance Club Online.com may be used to:
Create a Member Account. When you register to become a member of Dance Club Online.com, we use your information to create your member account.
Send E-mail Notifications for Special Promotions. As a Dance Club Online.com member, we may send you e-mails about special promotions, contests, sweepstakes, hotel specials, or other travel opportunities on Dance Club Online.com and its marketing members. Please understand that typically our contests and special offers are conducted through online means, so a valid e-mail must be presented to participate. We only want you to receive e-mail regarding special promotions and offers that you want to receive. As such, all of our e-mail contains clear information telling you how to unsubscribe, and we intend to promptly honor all such requests.
Respond to your Questions, Comments, or Suggestions. We will use your e-mail address or telephone number to respond when you submit a question, comment, or suggestion, or if you contact us to request our assistance.
Improve the Quality of your Visit to our Site. We collect certain information based on your navigation of our Site in order to better understand and serve your needs and the needs of our customers in general. This data allows us to improve your ability to navigate the Site, to implement future design modifications of the Site, and to develop content that will be of interest to our members and Site visitors. We do not collect PII during your navigation of the Site unless you explicitly provide it.
Illustrate to Advertisers the Demographics of our Site Visitors. We may collect and share aggregate information with advertisers regarding the demographics of visitors to our Site.
Tell A Friend (Search Engine). If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend’s name and email address. We will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site. We do not store this information, except for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program.
Sharing your Personal Information
Dance Club Online.com does not sell or rent your PII to anyone. Dance Club Online.com will never share your PII with any party not affiliated with us without your express consent. Dance Club Online.com may share your PII in the following circumstances:
Third Parties Engaged to Conduct Surveys, Promotions, or Sweepstakes. Dance Club Online.com may contract with a reputable third party to facilitate the distribution of survey, poll, promotion, contest, or sweepstakes programs. This information is protected by a confidentiality agreement and is to be used solely in connection with completing the project for which the third party was engaged. Upon completion of these projects, all information is returned to Dance Club Online.com.
Other Web sites. There are several places throughout Dance Club Online.com that may link you to other Web sites that do not operate under Dance Club Online.com's information privacy practices, even though in some instances we may brand another site with our look and feel or frame its website with our own. When you click through to these Web sites, Dance Club Online.com's information privacy practices no longer apply. We recommend that you examine the privacy statements for all third-party Web sites to understand their procedures for collecting, using, and disclosing your PII.
Other Disclosure Obligations. In addition to the circumstances described above, Dance Club Online.com may disclose your PII if required to do so by law, court order, as requested by other government or law enforcement authority, to enforce our Site Terms and Conditions and our Purchasing Terms and Conditions, or in the good faith belief that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable including, without limitation, to protect the rights or properties of Dance Club Online.com when we have reason to believe that disclosing your PII is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing interference with our rights or properties, whether intentionally or otherwise, or when anyone else could be harmed by such activities. It may also be necessary for Dance Club Online.com to provide member information to third parties, such as credit card companies, for the purpose of resolving disputes that arise in the normal course of business. Finally, in the event we were to sell our business, member information would likely be one of the transferred assets. For more information on a sale of our assets see the "Changes to the Las Vegas Privacy Policy" below.
Protecting your Personal Information
In order to safeguard the PII you have provided to us, Dance Club Online.com has instituted appropriate physical and electronic measures to keep information stored in our systems protected from unauthorized access. Our systems are configured with industry-standard firewalls, systems designed to prevent unauthorized access, and data encryption technologies. Most information you provide to Dance Club Online.com is transmitted using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology, a proven encryption system that will allow your browser to automatically encrypt data before sending it to us.
Of course, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your password and any account information. Please be careful, responsible, and alert with this information, especially when you are online.
Updating your Personal Information
We want you to have control over your PII; we believe that it is especially important for you to have the ability to update and change your PII so that you can help us ensure that you receive information relating to the products or services purchased by you on our Site in a timely fashion. Accordingly, the My Profile area of Dance Club Online.com allows you to view and change your PII. You may update or correct user names, password, e-mail information, and contact information.
Changes to the Dance Club Online.com Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was produced and posted on Dance Club Online.com on March 29, 2000. Dance Club Online.com reserves the right to modify or amend this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason.
Contacting Dance Club Online.com
Dance Club Online.com customer service are ready to help with your Dance Club Online.com entertainment concerns 24 hours a day, seven days a week. You may call (202) 536-5617 at any time to speak to a representative or to leave a message. A representative will address any questions or concerns you may have about this Privacy Policy or any general concerns relating to your Dance Club Online.com experience.
We intend to respond to all requests via e-mail, telephone, or in writing within 72 hours of our receipt of such request.
Tweet
Company
About UsAdvertise with UsTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicySitemapContact Us
Company
About Us
Advertise with Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Contact Us
Inside DCOL
News
Photos
Videos
TV
Radio
Date
Join DanceClub Online
About Us
Sign Up
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Our Community
About Us
Advertise with Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Our Wiki
Contact Us
Social Media
Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS
Log inCreate an eventSign Up