https://dancingforjoy.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to contentDuring your visit to our Web site, your privacy is respected. We do not collect personal information about you unless you choose to send us an e-mail, in which you voluntarily provide your name and contact information. The nature of the Internet is such that it passively and automatically collects certain information about a user’s traffic patterns, linked to their Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. These are unique Internet “addresses” assigned to all Web users by their Internet Service Providers (ISP). IP addresses are automatically logged by Web servers. While the IP address does not identify an individual on its face, it may with the cooperation of the ISP be used to locate and identify an individual using the Web. The IP address is considered personal information because it is an identifying number, and IP addresses are therefore protected by most privacy legislation. The privacy issues surrounding IP addresses are explained further below.Visitors’ personal information received via e-mail is provided only to our personnel, who require the information to respond to inquiries. We do not use this information for any other purpose. We protect all personal information in our custody with strong security safeguards, including strict access controls.As we cannot guarantee the security of electronic systems or e-mail, we do not recommend sending sensitive personal information or complaints electronically at this time. For all such matters, please contact us by postal mail (see below).Our Web site is hosted on servers owned and managed by a third-party, iWeb Technologies Inc. Any personal information collected on our behalf by iWeb Technologies Inc., such as server log data (see below), is managed in accordance with this privacy policy, and is protected by applicable law.Server logs: Our servers automatically log information about visits to our Web site in the normal course of establishing and maintaining Web connections. Server logs record statistical information, such as visitors’ IP addresses, type of operating systems, time and duration of visit, Web pages requested, and identify categories of visitors by items such as domains and browser types. These statistics are reported in aggregate form to our Web and communications staff, and are used to improve our Web site and ensure that it provides the optimal Web experience for visitors.We do not link server log information to any other data in a way that would enable us to identify individual visitors. However, we may review server logs for security purposes, for example, to detect intrusions into our network. The possibility therefore exists that server log data, which contains visitors’ IP addresses, could in instances of criminal malfeasance be used to trace and identify individuals. In such instances, raw data logs would be shared with appropriate investigative bodies authorized to investigate such breaches of security. Under normal circumstances, these logs are retained for a maximum period of 30 days.Cookies: Our site may make use of “per-session” cookies. Cookies are small text files offered to your computer by Web servers in order to keep track of your browser as you navigate the site. Unlike “persistent” cookies, which are stored on your hard drive and can last for years, even decades, “per-session” cookies are stored only in your browser’s temporary (cache) memory and are deleted when you shut down your browser.Our use of session cookies ensures your online privacy and security. Here’s why:The contents of our session cookie are not linked, shared or associated in any way with personal information that you may have supplied to us or made available elsewhere.A new and unique session cookie is randomly generated for each visit. This means that we cannot track or link together multiple visits by any single user over time.Our session cookies cannot be “read” by any other Web servers, meaning that you cannot be tracked or profiled using our cookie when you surf across multiple sites on the Web.NOTE: Visiting our Web site with cookies disabled will have no significant impact on your browsing experience. You can set your browser to detect and reject cookies. Please consult your browser’s Help Menu for instructions.Other sites to which we provide links may be governed by different policies. Micro Computer Service does not assume responsibility for the information practices of these other Web sites, and we strongly encourage all Web visitors to review the privacy policies and statements of all externally-linked sites.Contact: Questions about this policy may be directed to our Web Administrator by using the contact form elsewhere on this website, or by calling us directly at (613) 342-1816.Linking NoticeLinks to Web sites not under the control of BSDG Inc are provided solely for the convenience of users. BSDG Inc. is not responsible for the accuracy, currency or the reliability of the content. BSDG Inc. does not offer any guarantee in that regard and is not responsible for the information found through these links, nor does it endorse the sites and their content.Copyright / Permission to reproduceMaterials on this Web site were produced and/or compiled by BSDG Inc. for the purpose of providing our visitors with direct access to information contained within.The material on this site is covered by the provisions of the Copyright Act, by Canadian laws, policies, regulations and international agreements. Such provisions serve to identify the information source and, in specific instances, to prohibit reproduction of materials without written permission.Commercial ReproductionReproduction of multiple copies of materials on this site, in whole or in part, for the purposes of commercial redistribution is prohibited except with written permission from BSDG Inc. Through the permission-granting process, BSDG Inc. helps to ensure that individuals / organizations wishing to reproduce materials for commercial purposes have access to the most accurate, up-to-date versions.Third-party MaterialsSome of the materials and graphical elements found on our Web site are subject to copyrights. In such cases, some restrictions on the reproduction of materials or graphical elements may apply and it may be necessary to seek permission from the rights holder prior to reproducing the material.