http://darkneon.com/home/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Last updated: June 01, 2019
Definitions
DNL – Dark Neon Ltd, 71-75 Shelton Street, Covent Garden, London, WC2H 9JQ, UK.
We – Dark Neon Ltd
You  –  the user of this website
Data Subject – any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.
Principles for processing personal data
Our principles for processing personal data are:
Fairness and lawfulness. When we process personal data, the individual rights of the Data Subjects are protected. All personal data is collected and processed in a legal and fair manner.
Restricted to a specific purpose. The personal data of the Data Subject will only be processed only for specific purposes.
Transparency. The Data Subject will be informed of how his/her data is being collected, processed and used.
Who we are
Our website address is: http://bitwisebooks.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
We collect several different types of personal data for various purposes. Personal data may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Titles of Bitwise books you may have purchased
How we use the personal data
We use the collected personal data for various purposes:
To provide you with services
To notify you about changes to our services and/or products
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our services
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Legal basis for collecting and processing personal data
Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal data described in this Data Protection Policy depends on the personal data we collect and the specific context in which we collect the information:
We need to perform a contract with you
You have given us permission to do so
Processing your personal data is in our legitimate interests
We need to comply with the law
Who we share your data with
We do not share your data with any third-parties.
Retention of personal data
We will retain your personal information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
We will retain and use your information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our policies.
Data protection rights
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. If you wish to be informed what personal data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you
The right of rectification
The right to object
The right of restriction
The right to data portability
The right to withdraw consent
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information. When you visit our websites, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology
For further information, visit allaboutcookies.org.
How do we use cookies?
We uses cookies in a range of ways to improve your experience on our website, including:
Keeping you signed in
Understanding how you use our website
What types of cookies do we use?
There are a number of different types of cookies, however, our website uses:
Functionality – we use these cookies so that we recognize you on our website and remember your previously selected preferences. These could include what language you prefer and location you are in. A mix of first-party and third-party cookies are used.
Advertising – we use these cookies to collect information about your visit to our website, the content you viewed, the links you followed and information about your browser, device, and your IP address.
How to manage cookies
You can set your browser not to accept cookies, and the above website tells you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases, some of our website features may not function as a result.
Contact us
You can contact us via our Contact page
Contact
About
Terms and Conditions
GDPR Privacy Policy
Twitter
Facebook