http://davismedia.org/content/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for davismedia.org, dctv.davismedia.org and kdrt.org. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by these websites. It will notify you of the following:What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the websites, how it is used and with whom it may be sharedWhat choices are available to you regarding the use of your dataThe security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your informationHow you can correct any inaccuracies in the informationInformation collection, use and sharingInformation collected includes but is not limited to first and last name, street address, telephone number, email address, gender, relationships (married, head of household, etc.), employer, contributions, services received and contribtutions.When making a payment via our websites for contributions, workshops or other services no credit card information is stored by our servers.  We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization.Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about events, programs or services, or changes to this privacy policy.Your access to and control over informationYou may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:See what data we have about you, if anyChange/correct any data we have about youHave us delete any data we have about youSecurityWe take precautions to protect your information. Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon in the top address bar of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.  Our website encryption uses a extended validation certificate.  The color green is used in the address bar to signify this.  "Davis Community Television" is the legal entity for all our websites (davismedia.org, dctv.davismedia.org and kdrt.org.)While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The servers and backup tapes on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.If you have questions or concerns about this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (530) 757-2419 or via email at info@davismedia.org.