http://davidmoody.net/contact/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
I’m David Moody, the owner of Infected Books. I care about my readers’ privacy, and I’m committed to building and maintaining your trust. I will only use your personal data for three things: 1. to facilitate your use of my websites and their features as explained below, 2. to fulfil book orders you make via www.infectedbooks.co.uk, and 3. to keep you updated via my mailing list.
I’ll only do these things with your permission, and you can tell me to stop at any time. The policy below gives you more information, but if you have a question that’s not answered, please contact me at davidmoody@djmoody.co.uk.
This privacy policy has been written to tell you how we use the personal data you share with us. We will never sell or trade your personal information for marketing or any other purposes. This policy explains what information might be collected if you buy a book or sign up to our mailing list. It also explains how we’ll use your information, and the steps we take to keep it secure.
First things first – this policy relates to your interactions on www.infectedbooks.co.uk, www.davidmoody.net, and any of our other websites. All of these different sites feed into a single David Moody mailing list, and unless otherwise specifically stated (if it’s through Amazon or eBay, for example) all signed book orders are processed through www.infectedbooks.co.uk.
We and our partners use technology such as cookies on our site to personalise content and ads, provide social media features, and analyse our traffic. On www.infectedbooks.co.uk, cookies are also used during the processing of book orders.
We use Woocommerce to process book orders. We collect the following types of personal information to do this:
Your name and the recipient’s name (if different)
Your address and the shipping address (if different)
Your E-mail address
Your phone number (if you choose to provide it)
Your payment method*.
*We don’t process payments ourselves. Instead, we use either Paypal or Amazon Payments (you choose which) to facilitate payments on our behalf. As a result, we never receive or store your credit or debit card details. You can view Paypal’s privacy policy here, and Amazon Payments’ privacy notice here.
When you place a book order, we’ll specifically ask you if we can add your name to the mailing list. If you agree, we’ll keep the information we need to deliver our newsletters. We use a third-party provider, Mailchimp, to do this. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our newsletters. For more information, please see Mailchimp’s privacy notice. You can unsubscribe from our mailings at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe links in our emails and our sign-up forms (such as the one at this page). You can also unsubscribe by emailing mailinglist@infectedbooks.co.uk.
When you sign up for the mailing list, the information we’ll collect is:
Your name
Your email address.
We use Google Analytics and Statcounter to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. This information is processed in a way which doesn’t identify anyone.
You’re entitled to view, amend, or delete the personal information we hold about you. If you’d like to exercise any of these rights, email your request to data@infectedbooks.co.uk.
This privacy policy was last updated and published on 25 May 2018. It is reviewed on an annual basis or sooner if we become aware of a change in applicable legislation.
If you have any questions about this policy, please contact David Moody directly at davidmoody@djmoody.co.uk.
Comments are closed.
HTML Snippets Powered By : XYZScripts.com
I use cookies to ensure that I give you the best experience on this website. If you continue to use this site, I will assume that you are happy with this. Thank you. OkRead more