https://dblp.uni-trier.de/db/about/privacy.html
default search actioncombined dblp searchauthor searchvenue searchpublication searchAuthors:no matchesVenues:no matchesPublications:no matchesask othersGoogleGoogle ScholarSemantic ScholarMS AcademicCiteSeerXORCID
Trier 1Trier 2Dagstuhl
> Home
As of May 25th, 2018, we are updating our data privacy policy in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and German national regulations.
On this page, you can find an abridged and legally non-binding summary of our policy.
For the complete policy (in German only), see:
Datenschutzerkl‰rung gem‰ﬂ DSGVO Art. 12 im Bereich "Bibliographic Services"
We process personal data only to the extent necessary for the scientific or historical research and archival purpose of providing the dblp computer science bibliography.
With the (obvious) exception of the bibliographic metadata from the public domain, we do not share any of your personal data with third parties.
We do not track your user behavior or process any of your data for purposes of marketing or advertising.
There is no automated individual decision-making such as profiling or scoring.
The dblp web services make use of log files and HTTP cookies.
Log files of HTTP requests are stored by the web services to guarantee the operation of our services.
Information stored in these these log files contain, among other technical information, IP, date, time and target of your request, and the referer and user-agent information sent by your browser.
Log files are deleted regularly, but at the latest after 12 months, and are protected against unauthorized access.
We guarantee that cookies are only used to improve the user-friendliness of our website (e.g. to store a user's preferred data view).
An identification of your browser after a page change or a tracking of your behavior does not take place.
If you prefer that dblp does not store any cookies whenever you visit our website, please deactivate the use of cookies in your web browser.
You can find more details on the concrete cookies we store in our FAQ.
Only in a small number number of instances, the dblp website will tell your browser to load data from third-party APIs (e.g., loading tweets from twitter.com).
These features will always be optional, disabled by default, and a checkbox will be available where you can choose to enable and disable contacting third-party sites at any time.
Please note that we do not have any control over how a third-party might use your connection data, so please proceed with care.
The dblp computer science bibliography collects, curates, indexes, and organizes bibliographic metadata of scholarly publications in computer science.
The collection contains all bibliographic core metadata that are usually accompanied by scholarly publications.
This also applies to person-related metadata published by authors and editors about themselves in publicly available sources for the purpose of identification, such as given names, persistent IDs, institutional affiliations, or hyperlinks to academic websites.
The metadata is obtained from publically available sources, such as publisher websites or open metadata APIs.
All bibliographic metadata we collect is republished indefinitely and globally accessible on our servers via web pages, data interfaces ("APIs"), and as full download.
The metadata is available in various machine-readable data formats and under an open data license ("Open Data").
You can view all bibliographic metadata stored about you at any time and in full via the dblp website and the APIs.
We are always interested in correcting incorrect metadata and completing incomplete metadata records, and we are therefore very grateful for every hint and notification we receive.
To inform us of errors and incompleteness in our data, please contact the dblp team.
We will correct such instances as soon as possible.
Our bibliographic metadata is processed for scientific or historical research and archival purposes.
Therefore, objection is only possible if it arises from your particular situation, and if your fundamental rights and freedoms outweigh the legitimate information interests of the international research community to access the public metadata.
If you feel you are in such a situation, please contact our data protection officer via the e-mail address dblp-privacydagstuhl.de. (Please do not use this address for non-privacy related requests. For usual dblp inquiries, please contact the dblp team.)
Nevertheless, you are of course free to contact your respective publisher at any time to withdraw your scientific publications.
After successful withdrawal or retraction of your publication, please inform the dblp team; we will then remove the publication's person-related metadata from dblp.
homeblogstatisticsbrowsepersonsconferencesjournalsseriessearchsearch dblplookup by IDaboutf.a.q.teamlicenseprivacyimprint
manage site settingsTo protect your privacy, all features that rely on external API calls from your browser are turned off by default. You need to opt-in for them to become active. All settings here will be stored as cookies with your web browser. For more information see our F.A.Q.Unpaywalled article linksAdd open access links from
to the list of external document links (if available).load links from unpaywall.orgPrivacy notice: By enabling the option above, your browser will contact the API of unpaywall.org to load hyperlinks to open access articles. Although we do not have any reason to believe that your call will be tracked, we do not have any control over how the remote server uses your data. So please proceed with care and consider checking the Unpaywall privacy policy.Archived links via Wayback MachineFor web page which are no longer available, try to retrieve content from the
of the Internet Archive (if available).load content from web.archive.orgPrivacy notice: By enabling the option above, your browser will contact the API of web.archive.org to check for archived content of web pages that are no longer available. Although we do not have any reason to believe that your call will be tracked, we do not have any control over how the remote server uses your data. So please proceed with care and consider checking the Internet Archive privacy policy.Reference listsAdd a list of references from , , and
to record detail pages.load references from crossref.org and opencitations.netPrivacy notice: By enabling the option above, your browser will contact the APIs of crossref.org, opencitations.net, and semanticscholar.org to load article reference information. Although we do not have any reason to believe that your call will be tracked, we do not have any control over how the remote server uses your data. So please proceed with care and consider checking the Crossref privacy policy and the OpenCitations privacy policy, as well as the AI2 Privacy Policy covering Semantic Scholar.Citation dataAdd a list of citing articles from
and
to record detail pages.load citations from opencitations.netPrivacy notice: By enabling the option above, your browser will contact the API of opencitations.net and semanticscholar.org to load citation information. Although we do not have any reason to believe that your call will be tracked, we do not have any control over how the remote server uses your data. So please proceed with care and consider checking the OpenCitations privacy policy as well as the AI2 Privacy Policy covering Semantic Scholar.Tweets on dblp homepageShow tweets from
on the dblp homepage.load tweets from twitter.comPrivacy notice: By enabling the option above, your browser will contact twitter.com and twimg.com to load tweets curated by our Twitter account. At the same time, Twitter will persistently store several cookies with your web browser. While we did signal Twitter to not track our users by setting the "dnt" flag, we do not have any control over how Twitter uses your data. So please proceed with care and consider checking the Twitter privacy policy. †last updated on 2020-12-11 00:18 CET by the dblp team†all metadata released as open data under CC0†1.0 license†see also: Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Imprintthe dblp computer science bibliography is funded by: