http://dc.broadwayworld.com/privacy.cfm
Skip to main content Skip to footer site mapVOTE!VOTE NOW - BROADWAYWORLD WASHINGTON, DC AWARDS!BroadwayWorld Privacy PolicyBroadwayWorld.com does not disclose your registration information to outside parties. We only release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with law; enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of BroadwayWorld.com, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.BroadwayWorld recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of your personal information, and we have prepared this Privacy Policy to provide you with important information about our privacy practices. This Privacy Policy applies when you use a website, mobile or tablet application, or other online service.Information We CollectWe may collect personal information about our users in various ways. For example, we may collect information that you provide to us, information that we collect through your use of the Services, and information that we collect from publicly available sources or third parties.Information You Provide to UsWhen you register or otherwise interact with the Services, you may be invited to provide personal information to enhance your experience on our site. For example, during account registration, we may ask for information such as your name, e-mail address, year of birth, gender, street address, job title and industry and related information. We may collect payment information, such as your credit card number and expiration date, where appropriate to process a financial transaction you have requested.We also collect information that you provide us when you comment on articles, participate in message boards, and submit images, photos, videos, or other content to the Services. We may ask you for additional information at other times, such as when you enter a contest or participate in a promotion, when you post an online ad, or when you order products from us or otherwise engage with the Services.Information About Your Use of the Services- In addition to the information you provide to us directly, we may collect information about your use of the Services. For example, we may collect:Device information- such as your hardware model, IP address, other unique device identifiers, operating system version, browser type and settings, such as language and available font settings, and settings of the device you use to access the Services.Usage information- such as information about the Services you use, the time and duration of your use of the Services and other information about your interaction with content offered through a Service, and any information stored using cookies, mobile ad identifiers, and similar technologies that we have set on your device. For detailed information about our use of cookies, web beacons, and other technologies, see Online Tracking and Advertising.Location information- such as your computer's IP address, your mobile device's GPS signal or information about nearby WiFi access points and cell towers that may be transmitted to us when you use certain Services.
Information From Third-Party Sources. We may receive information about you from publicly and commercially available sources, as permitted by law, which we may combine with other information we receive from or about you. For example, we may receive information about you from a social media site if you connect to the Services through that site.Other Information We Collect. We also may collect other information about you, your device, or your use of the services in ways that we describe to you at the point of collection or otherwise with your consent. You may choose not to provide us with certain types of information, but doing so may affect your ability to use some of the Services.How We Use InformationTo Provide and Manage the Services You Request. This includes, for example, processing your subscription, sending you electronic newsletters, or enabling you to participate in the features provided by the Services. It also includes providing personalized content and recommendations to you, including by email. Through such features, we are able to bring you information and content tailored to your individual interests and needs.To Contact You. We may periodically contact you with offers and information about the Services and our affiliates, including in connection with your accounts, online surveys, legal notices, news stories, new features that you are entitled to access, and other important information. You may opt out of receiving commercial email messages from us by following the instructions contained in those email messages.To Deliver Targeted Advertising. We may use your information to facilitate the delivery of targeted ads, promotions, and offers to you, on behalf of ourselves and advertisers, on and off the Services. Please see Online Tracking and Advertising for further information about our and third parties' use of cookies, web beacons, mobile ad identifiers, and other tracking technologies to provide you relevant ads, as well as information about how to disable cookies and make other choices related to targeted advertising.Notwithstanding any other provision, we partner with third parties that collect information across various channels, including offline and online, for purposes of delivering more relevant advertising to you or your business. Our partners may place or recognize a cookie on your computer, device, or directly in our emails/communications, and we may share personal information with them if you have submitted such information to us, such as your name, postal address, email address, or device ID. Our partners may link the hashed or obfuscated personal information we share with them to the cookie stored on your browser or device, and they may collect information such as your IP address, browser or operating system type and version, and demographic or inferred-interest information. Our partners use this information to recognize you across different channels and platforms, including but not limited to, computers, mobile devices, and Smart TVs, over time for advertising, analytics, attribution, and reporting purposes. For example, our partners may deliver an ad to you in your web browser based on a purchase you made in a physical retail store, or they may send a personalized marketing email to you based on the fact that you visited a particular website. Your data may be transferred outside of the country from which it was originally collected. To learn more about interest-based advertising in general and to opt out, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices. To opt-out of the use of your mobile device ID for targeted advertising, please see http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices.To Better Understand Our Readers and Users. The Services conduct research on our users' demographics, interests and behavior based on the information we collect. We do this to better understand and serve our users, and to improve our products and services.To Protect the Rights of the Services and others. We may use your personal information as we believe is necessary or appropriate to protect, enforce, or defend the legal rights, privacy, safety, or property of the Services, its employees or agents, or other users and to comply with applicable law.Consent. We may otherwise use your information with your consent or at your direction.Other Parties When Required by Law or As Necessary to Protect Our Users and Services. We may share your personal information as we believe is necessary or appropriate to protect, enforce, or defend the legal rights, privacy, safety, or property of the Services, our employees or agents or users or to comply with applicable law or legal process, including responding to requests from public and government authorities.Third Parties that Provide Content, Advertising, or Functionality. When you use our Services, third parties may collect or receive certain information about you and/or your use of the Services (e.g., hashed data, click stream information, browser type, time and date, information about your interactions with advertisements and other content), including through the use of cookies, beacons, mobile ad identifiers, and similar technologies, in order to provide content, advertising, or functionality or to measure and analyze ad performance, on our Services or other websites or platforms. This information may be combined with information collected across different websites, online services, and other linked or associated devices. These third parties may use your information to improve their own services and consistent with their own privacy policies.Other Parties in Connection With a Corporate Transaction. We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event that we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets to a third party, such as in the event of a merger, acquisition, or in connection with a bankruptcy reorganization.Otherwise With Your Consent or At Your Direction. In addition to the sharing described in this Privacy Policy, we may share information about you with third parties whenever you consent to or direct such sharing.We also may share other information with third parties in a manner that does not identify particular users, including, for example, aggregated data about how users are using our Services.Links to Third-Party SitesOur Services may link to third-party websites and services that are outside our control. We are not responsible for the security or privacy of any information collected by other websites or other services. You should exercise caution, and review the privacy statements applicable to the third-party websites and services you use.How to Access or Update Your Information & Other Privacy Choices Available To YouYou may access or modify your BroadwayWorld.com account on the User settings page. This link will also allow you to update your subscriptions to electronic newsletters provided by the Services and to view your comment history.Email Promotions. You may opt out of receiving commercial email messages from us by following the instructions contained in those email messages.Targeted Advertising. You may choose whether to receive some forms of targeted advertising from many ad networks, audience segment providers, ad serving vendors, and other service providers by visiting websites operated by the Network Advertising Initiative and Digital Advertising Alliance . Please see Online Tracking and Advertising and visit our Ad Choices pages for further information about how to disable cookies and other choices that may be available to you with respect to certain types of targeted advertising.Online AdvertisingWe use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.We may collect and share hashed or anonymized user data with third-parties. Third parties may set cookies on users' browsers and collect user data using cookies or other technologies for their own use and subject to their own privacy policies. Third parties may combine user data with data collected across the internet or from other sites. Third parties may collect hashed user data using cookies/similar technologies from emails/communications. Want to opt-out? click here.CCPA Personal DataCalifornia Consumers have the right under the California Consumer Privacy Act “CCPA” to the Right to Know your data, this includes both a list of all the classes of data we have on you as well as individual attributes. You have the right to delete your personal data, the right to opt out of sale of your data and you have the right to not be discriminated against for exercising any of these rights. Here at BroadwayWorld we feel strongly that you will not experience any discrimination for your exercising your rights and we will never treat you differently for changing your privacy settings. A Note about the Sale of DataCCPA defines the term 'sell' broadly. Its meaning includes "renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, [and] transferring...for monetary or other valuable consideration." Under this definition, and the CCPA's broad definition of "personal information," we may "sell personal information" about you to our vendors or other partners, such as your contact information or certain combinations of anonymized or pseudonymized demographic and other information.Your Right to KnowBroadwyaWorld collects a variety of personal data and uses this data to provide you with products and services.BroadwayWorld collects the below-listed types of personal data of its consumers when you initiate your account, update your account information, during the course of your time as a consumer, when you are interested in products or services, and when using the products or services. We send this data to service providers who are contractually obligated to use this data only for the purposes outlined in our commercial agreements. We also send this data to third parties who may use this data to match and provide you with advertising while using our devices and services. Identifiers Information in Customer Records Demographic InformationInternet or Network ActivityInferences from Above Used to Profile We collect the information listed below from either the consumer’s ISP provider, cable provider, device, or other internet related source when your browser or our app is used. If you are using a mobile device, this could also be from a cellular phone provider. BWW uses this information to receive and send data, services, advertising, and programming to and from your browser. BroadwayWorld sends this data to the following types of service providers - data analytics companies to help us understand our data and our customers, software tools that help us view and use our customer data, service support companies to help us provide excellent customer service, data storage companies who securely store and manage your data on our behalf, application providers with your consent to bill you for services or add-ons. We send this data to service providers who are contractually obligated to use this data only for the purpose outlined in our commercial agreements.How to Request your Data under the Right to KnowIf you wish to receive information about what personal data we retain about you, please call email your request to [email protected] / Subject: CCPA. In the event you would like specific pieces of information provided to you, please specify which information categories you would like provided and we will be happy to assist you. We will provide you with information for the preceding 12 months as required by law. How to Request Deletion of your DataIf you wish to have your personal data deleted, please email your request to [email protected] / Subject CCPA Deletion, or Click Here. You have the right to delete your data, however in order to provide you with BroadwayWorld products and services, Functional Data cannot be deleted. Therefore, if you wish to have your personal data deleted from BroadwayWorld records in its entirety, you will need to no longer be an active BWW user. Once your personal data is deleted from, you cannot re-activate a subscription or account associated with that information and you would need to set up a new account and agree to the terms conditions and this privacy policy. In any event, certain legal or regulatory requirements may require that some of your data to be retained. If you have questions about the process of requesting deletion, please see the section “Processing Your Right to Know and Deletion Requests” below. Process for Right to Know and Deletion RequestsAs we will need to verify your identity to fulfill these requests, please either mail customer support to verify this information via mail (Wisdom Digital Media, CCPA Request, 1001 Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor, NY NY 10018) or send an email ([email protected]) and we will attempt to verify your identity via encrypted email or Click Here. After we are able to verify your identity, we will respond to your request as quickly as possible and generally within 45 days in some cases it may take up to 90 days. It is most helpful if you can provide the member name associated with your account. You will receive a confirmation by email of either the completion of your request or a return response with your requested data. If we are unable to verify your identity, we will not be able to process your request for information or deletion. If you have issues or concerns, please feel free to contact us. In the event you would like to opt out of the collection of certain information, please see the Opting Out of Personalization section above. If you are unable to make a request directly (or in the case of death of the consumer), you may legally designate an agent by providing a notarized authorization, power of attorney or other legally binding designation of assignment of rights. Please provide proof of this agency along with your request and we will process your request as quickly as possible. Cookies and Similar TechnologiesWhen you visit BWW websites, we and our advertising partners may store and access information from your device, including using "cookies", clear GIFs (which are also sometimes called web bugs or web beacons) and browser details. We may collect information such as your browser type, the type of operating system you use, the domain name of your Internet service provider, IP address, pages visited on the site, services used and how you have used them. We and our advertising partners do this for a variety of purposes. In the case of our advertising partners, this may include the personalization of advertisements based on your visits to sites in that party’s network.Please note there is currently no accepted standard to respond to Do Not Track signals and that at least some of the BWW websites do not currently respond to a web browser’s Do Not Track instructions (i.e., “signal”). More information about Do Not Track can be found here. Additionally, we may use Google analytics. Google analytics manages ‘Do Not Track’ instructions from your browser in accordance with its own privacy policies http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.Another example of how we use cookies might be to track the effectiveness of our marketing and advertising campaigns. Please note: if you continue to use this website or app, you are consenting to our use of cookies.Interest-Based Advertising and AnalyticsWe may partner with ad networks and other ad serving providers (“Advertising Providers”) that serve ads on our behalf and others’ on non-affiliated platforms. Some of those ads may be personalized, meaning that they are intended to be relevant to you based on information that Advertising Providers collect about your use of the Site and other sites or apps over time, including information about relationships among different browsers and products. This type of advertising is known as interest-based advertising.We adhere to the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA") Self-Regulatory Principles in connection with this interest-based advertising activity. You may visit www.aboutads.info to learn more about this type of advertising and how to opt out of this advertising on websites by companies participating in the DAA self-regulatory program. For Canada please visit https://youradchoices.ca. If you delete your cookies or use a different browser or mobile product, you may need to renew your opt-out choices exercised through the DAA tool. Note that electing to opt out will not stop advertising from appearing in your browser or applications. It may make the ads you see less relevant to your interests. Additionally, your browser may offer tools to limit the use of cookies or to delete cookies; however, if you use these tools, our Site may not function as intended.We may also work with third parties that collect data about your use of the Site and other sites or apps over time for non-advertising purposes. We use Google Analytics and other third-party services to improve the performance of the Site and for analytics and marketing purposes. For more information about how Google Analytics collects and uses data when you use our website, visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/, and to opt out of Google Analytics, visit tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
Contacting us and accessing your personal information
If you have any queries or comments about this Privacy & Cookies Policy please contact us at [email protected]:If you wish to review or receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you, please write to us at:Data Protection OfficerWisdom Digital Media1001 Avenue of the AmericasNew York, NY 10018United States of AmericaThank you for making BroadwayWorld.com the web's premier theater resource and please let us know how we can serve you better!
Hot storiesQUIZ: Which Broadway Character Are You Based on Your Thanksgiving Opinions?14 Shows Streaming on BroadwayWorld Events This Week!Ana Gasteyer Sings 'The Wizard and I' from WICKED as Part of The Seth Concert Series; Re-Airs Today!9 Ana Gasteyer Videos We Can't Get Enough Of!BroadwayWorld TVMariah Carey, Kerry Washington & More Honor Debbie AllenWatch a First Look at the HSMTMTS Holiday Special!Photos and Video: FROZEN Opens in Sydney, AustraliaExclusive: Washington and DeBose Open Up About Their Mother-Daughter Bond in THE PROMBWW Exclusive: Meet 2020 Tony Nominee and Carnegie Mellon University Alumnus, Blair UnderwoodNatalie Palamides Talks NATE: A ONE MAN SHOWKeegan-Michael Key Talks THE PROM & JINGLE JANGLEAndrew Rannells Talks About Staying Cool Around Meryl StreepWatch the Trailer For Season 2 of ZOEY'S EXTRAORDINARY PLAYLISTBroadwayHD's November Lineup - A KILLER PARTY, HEDWIG, and More!
WASHINGTON, DC SHOWSVOTE NOW - WASHINGTON, DC AWARDS!HeisenbergKeegan Theatre (2/6 - 4/4)A Trump Christmas CarolQuarantine Players (12/23 - 2/8)American YuPrologue Theatre (12/11 - 12/11)The Nance1st Stage (3/25 - 4/25)A Doll's House, Part 2Silver Spring Stage, Inc (5/28 - 6/19)VIEW ALL  ADD A SHOW  Washington, DC Email AlertsGet the latest news, photos & more.
Recommended for YouSign-Up for Email AlertsGet the latest news, discounts & more.
Follow Us Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
AppsBWW Sister SitesTV/MOVIESMUSICCLASSICAL MUSICDANCEOPERAAround BroadwayWorldBWW EventsStoreEducationAdvertiseContact UsJoin the
TeamSubmit NewsPrivacy Policy© 2020 - Copyright Wisdom Digital Media, all
rights reserved.