http://desktoppub.about.com/cs/basic/a/thumbnails.htm?terms=squiggle
Share
PINTEREST
Email
Print
Hero Images/Getty Images
Fine Arts & Crafts
Drawing & Sketching
Basics
Tutorials
Art Supplies
Painting
Arts & Crafts
By
Helen South
Artist Helen South works in graphite, charcoal, watercolor, and mixed media. She wrote "The Everything Guide to Drawing."
our editorial process
Helen South
Updated December 23, 2018
Thumbnail sketches are quick, abbreviated drawings, usually done very rapidly and with no corrections. You can use any medium, though pen or pencil is the most common. Thumbnail sketches usually are very small, often only an inch or two high.
Memory Aids and Planning Tools
Thumbnail sketches can serve as a memory aid to help you remember important features of a subject when making notes for a painting or drawing. They are also useful when visiting a gallery, to help you remember important pieces. Artists often use thumbnail sketches to plan pictures. You can quickly experiment with format and composition, including only major features such as the horizon and any large objects, and noting movement and balance.
How to Draw a Thumbnail Sketch
Imagine your subject or picture stripped of all details, through squinted eyes, or in poor light. All you see are big rough shapes and some lines. That's all you need for a thumbnail. First, sketch a rough box, smaller but in the same proportions as the finished picture might be. Then sketch in the horizon line, hills, or any major verticals or horizontals. Next, outline any key shapes, and quickly hatch in any strong dark areas. There are no right or wrong ways. Different approaches work for different artists.
Color
Thumbnail sketches are a great way to plan color schemes. Use felt-tip pens, colored pencils, or watercolors to add major areas of color in your picture. Small but intense colors also can be noted, as these can attract the eye, but don't get bogged down with detail.
Making Notes and Working Drawings
Once you've done your thumbnail sketch, you might want to make some notes alongside it. If at a gallery, you can record the artist's name and the title, along with your thoughts about the artwork. If sketching outdoors, you might record notes about the position of the sun or the particular colors, or make additional sketches to show small details.
If you are planning a painting, you might want to do a working drawing. A working drawing is usually fairly large, sometimes as big as the finished piece, and carefully composed. The subject is sketched in, and potential problem areas might be done in more detail. This is where you can fine-tune your drawing before embarking on the finished piece.
Not Always Necessary
As stated above, not all artists work the same way, and some use thumbnail sketches very little or not at all. The importance of thumbnails isn't the thumbnails themselves. It's what the thumbnails represent: a method of meaningful planning. And it is the meaningful planning, not the method, that is important.
Learning how to draw and use thumbnails can be an important part of learning the steps that work best for you as an artist when organizing your thoughts and planning what you want your finished piece to look like. But always remember that the thumbnail sketches are just a tool to use on the way to finishing a specific piece of artwork.
What Does it Mean to Draw a Sketch?
Tips for Drawing Winter Scenes
Learn Pencil Sketching Step-by-Step to Fire Up Your Creativity
How to Draw a German Shepherd in Colored Pencil
Follow the Basic Rules and Principles to Create Great Art
How To Be A Comic Book Inker
54 Famous Paintings Made by Famous Artists
Making a Living in Manga
How to Draw and Sketch Cats
Why Painters Should Learn to Draw
How to Draw a Cat in Colored Pencil
How to Draw a Horse's Head
Learn Contour Drawing With This Simple Exercise
Sketching Exercise: How to Sketch People's Faces
How to Draw a Horse Portrait in Colored Pencil
Draw a Horse Show Jumper in Colored Pencil