https://deviantnoise.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Last Updated: June 2020
Who we are
You’re visiting the website of Deviant Noise Inc. We’re a one-stop-shop for aspiring rappers, singers, songwriters, musicians and music producers. Our website address is: https://deviantnoise.com. We take your privacy seriously and respect your rights as such. We many collect certain information to help serve you better while you interact with our site. You’ll find more information on that below.
We’re registered in Manitoba, Canada and you can contact us via the methods available on our contact page.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Like most website operators, Deviant Noise collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. DeviantNoise.com’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how DeviantNoise.com’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Deviant Noise may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Deviant Noise also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on DeviantNoise.com blogs/sites. Deviant Noise only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to DeviantNoise.com’s websites choose to interact with Deviant Noise in ways that require Deviant Noise to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Deviant Noise gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at DeviantNoise.com to provide a username and email address.
Those who engage in transactions with Deviant Noise are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Deviant Noise collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Deviant Noise.
Deviant Noise does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
We allow users to contact us through forms embedded on this site. You will be required to include your name and email address in any correspondence with Deviant Noise Inc.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Deviant Noise uses cookies to help Deviant Noise identify and track visitors, their usage of Deviant Noise website, and their website access preferences.
Deviant Noise visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using DeviantNoise.com’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of DeviantNoise.com’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Deviant Noise and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Analytics
This website uses several analytical tools to help us better understand how our visitors engage and interact with the site content.
Aggregated Statistics
Deviant Noise may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Deviant Noise may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Deviant Noise does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Deviant Noise discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on DeviantNoise.com’s behalf or to provide services available at DeviantNoise.com’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others.
Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using DeviantNoise.com’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Deviant Noise will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Deviant Noise discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Deviant Noise believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Deviant Noise, third parties or the public at large.
If you are a registered user of an Deviant Noise website and have supplied your email address, Deviant Noise may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Deviant Noise and our products. If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Deviant Noise takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Who we share your data with
We use third-party services (ex/ Google Analytics, Facebook Pixels, PayPal, etc) to help track user behaviour, provide useful tools and resources, and process purchases and payments. We do not store any payment information on this website’s server.
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Additional information
Business Transfers
If Deviant Noise, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Deviant Noise goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Deviant Noise may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Deviant Noise may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in DeviantNoise.com’s sole discretion. Deviant Noise encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a DeviantNoise.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
You Also Might Like
Link Wit Us...
Featured Music Lessons:
Scroll to Top