http://digiguide.tv/general/terms.asp
Home » Terms and ConditionsCloseRegular visitors to Digiguide.tv will notice that you now require a subscription to use some of the features.However, you can give the FREE 7 day trial version of Digiguide.tv Premium a try. Build up your profile with programmes that you like, personalise your grid and set some reminders. Remember, to get a year's worth of personalised TV content for less than 1p per day simply subscribe to Digiguide Premium
Terms and Conditions Of Use Overview (last updated: 28th February April 2018)
For both yours and our protection, all our web sites and products are protected by a legal Terms And Conditions Of Use Document. To try and make this easier to read, it is split into two: Software Products and Web Sites.
Software Product Terms...
Overview
By installing, running or using this software product in any way, you indicate your acceptance of the Terms and Conditions of Use set out on this page and subsequent linked documents. All rights are reserved.
The software and all associated texts, graphics, copyrights belong wholly to EBS New Media Limited.
The software is provided on an 'as is' basis.
Unless you have subscribed to the software product, the application is provided to you FREE OF CHARGE on a trial basis. After the trial, you will not be able to and should not use the product without subscribing.
A subscription licence is a per-user licence, and as such should not be handed around for others to use.
A money-back guarantee is offered for a limited period, however any refunds after this period for any reason are subject to a 15% surcharge solely to cover costs and are given on a case-by-case basis.
Corporate customers should contact a EBS New Media representative to discuss Corporate Terms of Use for our products (more information).
More information
Read our full Software Terms and Conditions Of Use document | Read our Privacy Statement
Web Site Terms...
Overview
By accessing or using our web sites in any way, you indicate your acceptance of the Terms and Conditions of Use set out on this page and subsequent linked documents. All rights are reserved.
The web site and all associated texts, graphics, copyrights belong wholly to EBS New Media Limited.
It is strictly prohibited to run any automated tools that systematically retrieve web pages for offline or online viewing unless specifically sanctioned by EBS New Media Limited.
The web site is provided on an 'as is' basis.
For web sites that require subscription, the service is provided to you on a limited basis. You will not be able to use all the features of the site without subscribing.
A subscription licence is a per-user licence, and as such should not be handed around for others to use.
A money-back guarantee is offered for a limited period, however any refunds after this period for any reason are subject to a 15% surcharge solely to cover costs and are given on a case-by-case basis.
Corporate customers should contact a EBS New Media representative to discuss Corporate Terms of Use for our products (more information).
More information
Read our full Web Site Terms and Conditions Of Use document | Read our Privacy Statement
Questions
If you have any questions regarding our terms and conditions or privacy statement, we are only too happy to answer them. In this regard, please contact terms@ebs.tv.
Database last updated: Today at 02:21
Copyright © digiguide.tv | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy and Cookies