https://digital-photography-school.com/terms-conditions/
&checkmark Start Here
Photo Tips
Gear
Post-Processing
Courses
eBooks
Presets
About dPS
Write for dPS
Advertise on dPS
Affiliate Program
Terms and Conditions
In these terms and conditions, “we” “us” and “our” refers to D4 Communications Pty Ltd.  Your access to and use of all information on this website including purchase of our product/s is provided subject to the following terms and conditions.
We reserve the right to amend this Notice at any time and your use of the website following any amendments will represent your agreement to be bound by these terms and conditions as amended.  We therefore recommend that each time you access our website you read these terms and conditions.
Product Descriptions
We strive to ensure that our products are described as accurately as possible on our website, however we do not warrant that the description is accurate.  Where we become aware of any misdescription, we reserve the right to correct any error or omission.
Images have been provided for illustrative purposes only and we do not guarantee that any image will reproduce in true colour nor that any given image will reflect or portray the full design or options relating to that product.
Product Orders
We endeavour to ensure that our product list is current however we give no undertaking as to the availability of any product advertised on our website.
All prices are in United States Dollars (USD) and are inclusive of GST.  Our price list can be accessed from our home page and we reserve the right to amend our prices at any time.
When you order from us, we require you to provide your name, address, your email address, telephone contact and credit card details.  We undertake to take due care with this information; however in providing us with such information you accept that we are not liable for its misuse due to error in transmission or virus or malware.
We undertake to accept or reject your order within 7 days.  If we have not responded to you within 7 days, your offer is deemed to be rejected.  We are not required to give reasons for rejecting your offer to purchase however the most likely reason for rejecting your offer will be that we do not currently have that product in stock.
Delivery of your ordered product/s will be as set out on our website.  Title in the goods passes to you when we have received payment.  Our terms of payment are set out on the order page.
All risk of loss or damage to the goods passes to you when we despatch the goods.
Product Returns
We undertake to reimburse you for any product delivered to you that is faulty or is in a damaged condition.  If you wish to return a faulty or damaged product, you must notify us through our designated “contact us” webpage where we set out our requirements relating to return of such goods.
If we are unable at the time of return to replace or exchange returned goods, we undertake to reimburse your credit card for the amount initially debited for the purchase including packaging and postage charges.
Hyperlinks
This website may from time to time contain hyperlinks to other websites.  Such links are provided for convenience only and we take no responsibility for the content and maintenance of or privacy compliance by any linked website.  Any hyperlink on our website to another website does not imply our endorsement, support, or sponsorship of the operator of that website nor of the information and/or products which they provide.
You may link our website with our consent.  Any such linking will be entirely your responsibility and at your expense.  By linking, you must not alter any of our website’s contents including any intellectual property notices and you must not frame or reformat any of our pages, files, images, text or other materials.
Disclaimers
Whilst we have taken all due care in providing the information on our website, we do not provide any warranty either express or implied including without limitation warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
To the extent permitted by law, any condition or warranty which would otherwise be implied into these terms and conditions is excluded.
We also take all due care in ensuring that our website is free of any virus, worm, Trojan horse and/or malware, however we are not responsible for any damage to your computer system which arises in connection with your use of our website or any linked website.
From time to time we may host third party content on our website such as advertisements and endorsements belonging to other traders.  Responsibility for the content of such material rests with the owners of that material and we are not responsible for any errors or omissions in such material.
Statutory Guarantees and Warranties to Consumers
Schedule 2 of the Competition and Consumer Act 2010 (“C&C Act”) defines a consumer.  Under the C&C Act we are a supplier of either goods or services or both to you, and as a consumer the C&C Act gives you statutory guarantees.  Attached to the Standard Terms and Conditions are:-
Schedule 2 of the C&C Act; and
those statutory guarantees, all of which are given by us to you if you are a consumer.
If you are a consumer within the meaning of Schedule 2 of the C&C Act of our goods or services then we give you a warranty that at the time of supply of those goods or services to you, if they are defective then:-
We will repair or replace the goods or any part of them that is defective; or
Provide again or rectify any services or part of them that are defective; or
Wholly or partly recompense you if they are defective.
As a consumer under the C&C Act you may be entitled to receive from us notices under Schedule 2 section 103 of the C&C Act.  In that regard:-
If you are a consumer within the meaning of Schedule 2 of the C&C Act and the goods or services we are providing relate to the repair of consumer goods then we will give you any notice which we are obliged to give you under Schedule 2 section 103 of the C&C Act.
If we are a repairer of goods capable of retaining user-generated data then we hereby give you notice that the repair of those goods may result in the loss of the data.
If we are a repairer and our practice is to supply refurbished goods as an alternative to repairing your defective goods or to use refurbished parts in the repair, then we give you notice that the goods presented by you to us for repair may be replaced by refurbished goods of the same type rather than being repaired.  We also give you notice that we may use in the repair of your goods, refurbished parts.
Limitation of Liability
If you are not a consumer within the meaning of Schedule 2 of the C&C Act then this clause applies to you.  If you are a consumer within the meaning of the C&C Act then this clause has no effect whatsoever to in any way limit our liability or your rights.  If you are not a consumer:-
To the full extent permitted by law, our liability for breach of an implied warranty or condition is limited to the supply of the services again or payment of the costs of having those services supplied again.
We accept no liability for any loss whatsoever including consequential loss suffered by you arising from services we have supplied.
We do not accept liability for anything contained in the post of a user or in any form of communication which originates with a user and not with Us.
We do not participate in any way in the transactions between our users.
Indemnity
By accessing our website, you agree to indemnify and hold us harmless from all claims, actions, damages, costs and expenses including legal fees arising from or in connection with your use of our website.
Force Majeure
If a Force Majeure event causing delay continues for more than 30, we may terminate this Agreement by giving at least 7 Notice to you.  “Force Majeure” means any act, circumstance or omission over which we could not reasonably have exercised control.
Jurisdiction
These terms and conditions are to be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Victoria and any claim made by either party against the other which in any way arises out of these terms and conditions will be heard in the State of Victoria, Australia and you agree to submit to the jurisdiction of those Courts.
If any provision in these terms and conditions is invalid under any law the provision will be limited, narrowed, construed or altered as necessary to render it valid but only to the extent necessary to achieve such validity.  If necessary the invalid provision will be deleted from these terms and conditions and the remaining provisions will remain in full force and effect.
Privacy
We undertake to take all due care with any information which you may provide to us when accessing our website. However we do not warrant and cannot ensure the security of any information which you may provide to us.  Information you transmit to us is entirely at your own risk although we undertake to take reasonable steps to preserve such information in a secure manner.
Our compliance with privacy legislation is set out in our separate Privacy Policy which may be accessed from our home page.
Copyright infringement – Notices to Digital Photography School
This is our policy for dealing with infringement notices relating to copyright of images used by us.
Infringement notice means any notice we receive that relates to an infringement of copyright rights including a takedown notice (DMCA or otherwise), cease and desist letter, letter of demand or similar.
Please read our full policy before sending us an infringement notice.
If you have reasonable grounds to believe we are holding or using images of which you are the legal owner or have the legal right to use exclusively, please provide notice to us at [insert email address for receiving notices].
For us to respond to an infringement notice, it must contain the following:
Information to identify actual image and the location of the image, for example the web address (URL) for the image and a brief description of the image;
Information to indicate if you are the owner of the image or the authorised agent or licensee of the owner of the image; and
Your contact information including your name, address, telephone number and email address.
If your infringement notice does not contain the above information we may not respond to your notice.
We will not respond to an automated infringement notice. Please either issue the notice yourself or choose an agency that uses a human to issue the notices.
Any payments we make for license fees will be based on the averaged Australian market rate of AUD$30 per image (based on images with an expected use of 500,000 or less times), unless you can demonstrate the amount should be different.
Please do not send a request requiring a response within less than 7 days.
Be aware that you may be subject to liability if you knowingly make any misrepresentations when providing information to us.
Copyright, Trademarks and other Intellectual Property
D4 Communications Pty Ltd owns the intellectual property rights in the contents of this website, or has permission to use or display the material on this website. You may not use, copy, display, distribute, modify, translate, reformat, incorporate into advertisements and other works, promote, create derivative works, or in any way exploit or allow others to exploit any of our website content in whole or in part except as expressly authorised by us. Please contact editor@digital-photography-school.com  if you require permission to reproduce any of the contents of this website.
Images and item descriptions posted on this website by third parties are the responsibility of those third parties and may be subject to copyright. You must seek permission from the third party before using any of their content.
The names of actual companies and products mentioned on this website may be the trademarks of their respective owners. Any example companies, organizations, products, people and events depicted on this website are fictitious. No association with any real company, organization, product, person, or event is intended or should be inferred.
Permission: You may access, download, or print material from the website for your personal use only. Sharing without prior permission is expressly prohibited. You are not permitted to use our copyright material for commercial profit of any sort. This means you cannot resell our services or copyright material without our express written permission.  You agree not to change or delete any copyright or proprietary notice from materials downloaded from this website or any site accessible through this website.
Except as otherwise expressly granted to you in writing, we do not grant you any other express or implied right or license to the our website content or our intellectual property.
Your content
You warrant that you hold the necessary rights and interests to use any material you add to our website or social media pages (your content) and that all of your content does not infringe any third party intellectual property rights, including copyright and trade mark rights.
By submitting your content to our website you irrevocably grant to us a perpetual, world-wide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sub-licensable and transferable license and right to use your content for the purpose of providing services to you, now or in the future. We will not use your content for any other purpose. You indemnify us against any claims made for breach of intellectual property rights in respect of your content.
At our sole discretion we may remove or disable your content if we believe your content to be in violation of our terms and conditions. We are not obligated to return any of your content to you under any circumstances.
Sign up to the weeklydPS NEWSLETTER
Your email
Subscribe
Your email is safe with us.
All of our latest weekly articles
Creative photo challenges
Special offers and discounts