http://digiguide.tv/general/privacy.asp
Home » PrivacyCloseRegular visitors to Digiguide.tv will notice that you now require a subscription to use some of the features.However, you can give the FREE 7 day trial version of Digiguide.tv Premium a try. Build up your profile with programmes that you like, personalise your grid and set some reminders. Remember, to get a year's worth of personalised TV content for less than 1p per day simply subscribe to Digiguide Premium
Privacy Statement (last updated: 28th February April 2018)
Your privacy on the Internet is important to us and therefore we have created this statement to detail our commitment to protect the privacy of customers and to ensure the integrity of the Internet. If we decide to change our privacy statement, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Our promise to you...
Your personal details
The information supplied in our online Account System is to help you manage your product subscriptions and complete the payment process as quickly and painlessly as possible.
We ask for your address so we can auto-complete your credit card details when purchasing, and so our technical support helpdesk can find your account should you require any help.
Your privacy
We respect your privacy and all data provided is protected under UK law by the Data Protection Act (1998).
We promise not to sell or share any of your personal details obtained by our account system to any third party.
We promise not to send any unsolicited e-mail. The only e-mails you will receive from us are subscription reminders or security notices from this account system, the newsletters you have specifically asked to receive or an occasional e-mail from members of staff.
We promise not to call or send unsolicited SMS messages to your mobile phone. The only messages you will receive will be by your request through the programme reminder systems.
Your protection
We will only ever communicate to you using your full name (when you have entered it).
We will never request any bank or credit card information whatsoever.
We will never ask you to confirm your personal details from within an e-mail.
Our usage of information...
We store two types of information about customers: information customers provide through various areas of our web sites; and aggregated statistical information derived by tallying page views throughout our sites. We obtain this information by the following means:
Online account system
Visitors to the DigiGuide Online Account System are required to register their details to continue. This information is to assist you in managing your usage and subscription of our products. Certain items of information are requested and stored, like the card holder's address, so that purchasing a subscription is quick and easy. All the information is stored securely. The information is used by support, accounts and technical staff to assist you in any questions or problems you may have with using or purchasing our products.
Online helpdesk
When creating a Helpdesk Ticket, only your e-mail address is required so that you can receive information on the status of your issue. All information within the helpdesk is used purely to answer your questions and is not used by EBS New Media in any other way.
Online forums
Visitors to the DigiGuide Forums can register to interact with them. Registration is free and visitors can continue using these services even if they do not register. During registration the visitor is required to supply a username, password and email address. The visitor can later supply more information that he/she wants to share with others as part of their profile. This information is used purely to login to the forum system and is not used by EBS New Media in any other way.
Web site traffic
We track visitor traffic patterns throughout our sites. This information is broken down per page and viewed by us internally to see which areas of our web sites are the most popular. The only potentially 'visitor-specific' information that we store is the IP address so that our web site usage statistics are more accurate.
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that a web site can write to your hard drive when visited. We only use cookie files to store the login information for various areas of our web sites like the Account Management system and the Online Forums so that you do not need to manually login on each visit. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites.
If you've set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you will receive the warning message with each cookie. You can also refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. However, you will need to have cookies turned on to use some some areas of our web sites fully.
Third party cookies
To support our site, we sometimes embed photos and video content from websites other than our own, and in cases of non-logged in users adverts from our Ad Supplier Specific Media may be shown. Pages with this embedded content may present cookies from these websites.
For more information on the cookies set by Specific Media and to 'Opt-Out' of tracking cookies, please go to: http://specificmedia.com/privacy and http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.
Similarly, when you use one of the share buttons on a Digiguide website, a cookie may be set by the service you have chosen to share content through.
This site also uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics sets a number of cookies (default is 4) in order to evaluate your use of the site and compile reports for us on activity on our sites. Google stores the information collected by the cookie on servers in the United States. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
Google Inc are members of the US Safe Harbor Scheme. This scheme allows the transfer of data from within the EEA to countries that are outside of the EEA without having to enter into a specific data transfer agreement. Companies that sign up to the scheme are deemed to provide adequate protection for personal data transmitted from Europe. Google Inc's registration is at http://safeharbor.export.gov/companyinfo.aspx?id=10543.
For more information on the cookies set by Google Analytics please go to: http://code.google.com/apis/analytics/docs/concepts/gaConceptsCookies.html.
Digiguide does not control the dissemination of any of these cookies and you should check the relevant third party website for more information about them.
Questions
Barry Swain is our appointed data controller. If you have any questions regarding our privacy statement, we are only too happy to answer them. In this regard, please contact terms@ebs.tv.
Database last updated: Today at 02:21
Copyright © digiguide.tv | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy and Cookies