https://dove.org/the-story-of-the-dove-foundation/privacy-policy/
Menu
Skip to content
MenuReviewsAll ReviewsNow Showing!Coming Soon to DVDAll Dove Approved ReviewsTheatricalVideos/DVDsTV/NetworkBookAudio CDManuscript CloseAboutContent Ratings DescriptionsAbout DoveProgramsPrivacy PolicyContact Us CloseSubmissionsBenefitsSubmitting for ReviewDove Logos & Images Close
Join Us onFacebook
Follow Uson Twitter
GetRSS Feed
Giving Membership
We at The Dove Foundation value the privacy of our web site visitors. We hope that the following statement will help you understand how The Dove Foundation collects, uses and safeguards the personal information you provide us on our web site, www.dove.org (“Site”):
The Dove Foundation’s Information Collection and Use Policies:
To gain access to this website’s services, you may be asked to provide your e-mail address, address, your first and last name, and other information. It will always be your choice whether to provide us with your personal information, and when you do so, you are giving us permission to use the information to provide you with information about our services. For example, if you decide to purchase something from The Dove Foundation, you may get an e-mail confirming the status of your purchase. We will also use your contact information occasionally to send you an e-mail that, among other things, may inform you of new products or other services that we may be offering. If at any time you would like to stop receiving such messages from The Dove Foundation, or update any of the information you have given to us, please use our Contact email form.
The Dove Foundation may also use different technologies, such as cookies, to passively collect information. The information that we collect might include the type of Web browser that you use, the date and time you visit the Site, your Internet Protocol (IP) address (a unique identifier automatically assigned to your computer when you log onto the Internet), and the address of the website you visited before coming to this Site. We may combine this information with the identifiable information that you provide. This information will usually be used to (i) analyze and monitor consumer and customer activity; (ii) promote and support The Dove Foundation services; and (iii) improve our website. If you do not wish to accept cookies, the “help” selection on your browser’s toolbar will likely tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting cookies, how to have the browser alert you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. If you disable cookies, however, you may not be able to take advantage of all of this website’s features.
As a general rule, The Dove Foundation will not sell, rent or loan your personally identifiable information to others for advertising or similar purposes. The Dove Foundation will only disclose the information as needed to provide requested services. For example, if you register and pay for a product or service through this website, then your credit card information will have to be provided to a credit card processor and authenticator for payment purposes. The Dove Foundation may also disclose personal information in response to law enforcement activity, to enforce its contracts or property rights, or when required by law. Information we collect may also be transferred in connection with the sale or merger of the company or any division or business line of the company to which the information relates. If we hire any third-parties to perform services relating through the Site, then we will require them to protect your personal information in the same way that we do. Any deviation from this general rule must be approved by the board of directors of The Dove Foundation.
Security:
The Dove Foundation intends to use commercially reasonable means to protect the integrity of its Site and the confidentiality of the personal information that you provide. While we consider online security a priority, we cannot provide absolute assurances against, and will not be liable for, any breaches of confidentiality due to system failures or unauthorized access by third parties.
Who Should Use this Site?:
We intend this site for use only by individuals who are 18 years of age or older and we will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are not at least 18 years old, please do not submit any information to The Dove Foundation.
Scope of Policy/Links:
This policy only applies to this Site. From time to time, we may include on our Site links to other web sites. The Dove Foundation is not responsible for the operation or collection of any information from any web site operated by any third parties. For relevant information about the privacy practices of these other web sites, please refer to their privacy policies.
Updating this Policy:
Our business and the laws that regulate us change from time to time, and we reserve the right to change this policy. If we do change this policy, we will post the revised version on this site. Any information that we collect now will be used consistently with the privacy policy in effect at the time of use.
This privacy policy was last updated on July 27, 2005.
Contacting The Dove Foundation:
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the privacy practices of The Dove Foundation, or your dealings with The Dove Foundation, you can contact us at:
The Dove Foundation
5200 SW Meadows Rd., Suite 150
Lake Oswego OR 97035
503-726-5210
Sign up for News & Reviews
Join Us onFacebook
Follow Uson Twitter
Advertisements
The Dove Foundation is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization whose mission is to encourage and promote the creation, production, distribution and consumption of wholesome family entertainment. We are supported primarily by donations from families such as yours. All Donations are tax deductible.
© 2020 The Dove Foundation
Home
About Dove
All Reviews
Contact Us
Advertisements