https://dpstampede.com/privacy-policy
COVID – 19 WARNING
We have taken enhanced health and safety measures for you, our other Guests and Cast Members. You must follow all posted instructions while visiting Dolly Parton's Stampede Dinner Attraction.
An inherent risk of exposure to COVID-19 exists in any public place where people are present. COVID-19 is an extremely contagious disease that can lead to severe illness and death. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, senior citizens and guests with underlying medical conditions are especially vulnerable.
By visiting Dolly Parton's Stampede Dinner Attraction, you voluntarily assume all risks related to exposure to COVID-19. Help keep each other healthy.
Learn More
DOLLY PARTON’S STAMPEDE PRIVACY POLICY
LAST REVISED: 06/17/2020
Your privacy is important to us and we are committed to protecting the privacy of our users and the information that you share in connection with our Sites. This Privacy Policy identifies: (i) what information we collect; (ii) how we process and manage such information; (iii) your rights with respect to the use and disclosure of the same. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy please contact Jim Terrell at jimt@wciinvest.com.
THE PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT AND HOW DO WE USE IT?(a) “Personal Data” means data that allows someone to identify or contact you, including, for example, your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, as well as any other non-public information about you that is associated with or linked to any of the foregoing data.(b) What data is collected. We collect Personal Data that you voluntarily provide us, for example, when you create an Account, register for our newsletter and/or make a purchase, we may require your name, email, contact information, billing address, credit card information and/or other information you may to provide us. We also collect information about you from various sources, including from your in-store purchases. We also may collect and store information about you that we receive from other sources, to enable us to update and correct the information contained in our database and to provide product recommendations and special offers that we think will interest you.(c) Use of Personal Data.We will use your Personal Data to:(1) Make our Sites available to you;(2) Process and fulfill merchandise orders;(3) Enhance our Sites;(4) Respond to your requests or to manage Accounts;(5) Monitor the security of our Sites;(6) Process your reservation requests; and/or(7) Provide you with promotional communications.
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe disclose your Personal Data as described below and as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.(a) Third-Party Service Providers. We will share your Personal Data with third parties, such as vendors and service providers who provide assistance with billing, payment processing, fraud protection, credit risk reduction, marketing, data analytics and service associated with your use of our Sites.(b) Regulatory Compliance and for other Legitimate Purposes.We will share your Personal Data when we believe disclosure is necessary or required by applicable law, to protect users, the integrity of the Site and to defend or exercise our legal rights. We may also disclose your Personal Data when it may be necessary for other legitimate purposes as reasonably determined by us.(c) Affiliates.We may share some or all of your Personal Data with our Affiliates. We require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy.(d) Corporate Restructuring.We may share some or all of your Personal Data in connection with or during negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition or dissolution transaction, or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture, or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets. In the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, Personal Data may also be transferred as a business asset. If another company acquires our business, or assets, that company will possess the Personal Data collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy.
NON-PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT(a) “Non-Personal Data” means data that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Data; Non-Personal Data does not, by itself, permit the identification of individual persons. We collect Personal Data and Non-Personal Data, as described below.(b) Collected by Our Servers. To make our Site more useful to you, our servers (which may be hosted by a third-party service provider) collect Non-Personal Data from you, including your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet, which may vary from session to session), domain name, and/or a date/time stamp for your visit.(c) Log Files. As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes IP addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (“ISP”), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information to analyze trends, administer a Site, track users’ movements around a Site, gather demographic information about our user base as a whole, and better tailor our Sites to our users’ needs. For example, some of the information may be collected so that when you visit a Site again, it will recognize you and the information could then be used to serve advertisements and other information appropriate to your interests. Except as noted in this Privacy Policy, we do not link this automatically-collected information to Personal Data.(d) Cookies. Like many online services, we use cookies to collect information. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing our Sites. We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive user experience. This type of information is collected to make our Sites more useful to you and to tailor the experience with us to meet your special interests and needs.(e) Pixel Tags. In addition, we use “Pixel Tags” (also referred to as clear Gifs, Web beacons, or Web bugs). Pixel Tags are tiny graphic images with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, that are used to track online movements of Web users. In contrast to Cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, Pixel Tags are embedded invisibly in Web pages. Pixel Tags also allow us to send e-mail messages in a readable format, and they tell us whether e-mails have been opened to ensure that we are sending only messages that are of interest to our users. We may use this information to reduce or eliminate messages sent to a user. We do not tie the information gathered by Pixel Tags to your Personal Data.(f) Flash LSOs. When we post videos, third parties may use local shared objects, known as “Flash Cookies,” to store your preferences for volume control or to personalize certain video features. Flash Cookies are different from browser Cookies because of the amount and type of data and how the data is stored. Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash Cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash Cookies, click here: http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html.(g) Google Analytics. We may use Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the Site. Google Analytics uses Cookies to collect information such as how often users visit the Site, what pages they visit, and what other sites they used prior to coming to our Sites. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve our Sites. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit any Site, rather than your name or other personally identifying information. We do not combine the information generated through the use of Google Analytics with your Personal Data. Although Google Analytics plants a persistent Cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit the Site, the Cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics is governed by their Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTSPursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, residents of California have the right to request from a business, with whom the California resident has an established business relationship, certain information with respect to the types of personal information the business shares with third parties for direct marketing purposes by such third party and the identities of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information during the immediately preceding calendar year.To request a copy of the information disclosure provided by us pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, please contact us at the following address: 3849 Parkway, Pigeon Forge, TN 37863.
CALIFORNIA DO NOT TRACK DISCLOSUREDo Not Track is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers. When a user turns on the Do Not Track signal, the browser sends a message to websites requesting them not to track the user. At this time, we do not recognize or respond to Do Not Track browser settings or signals and we will still receive information. As a result, we may still collect information about you and your internet activity, even if you have turned on the Do Not Track signal.It is possible that some or all of our third-party advertising partners or members of their affiliate network may participate in opt-out programs. To learn more about internet-based advertising and consumer opt-out programs go to http://aboutads.info/choices/ or http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/. We do not operate or control these sites and are not responsible for the opt-out choices available there.
YOUR U.K. PRIVACY RIGHTSUsers from the U.K. have the right to ask us to amend or limit the processing of their Personal Data, (as defined by U.K. law) and in particular not to process their Personal Data for marketing purposes. We will inform you (before collecting your personal data) if we intend to use your Personal Data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your Personal Data to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your rights to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your Personal Data. You can also exercise the right at any time by following this Data Removal Request link.The U.K. Data Protection Act 2018 (“the DPA 2018”) gives users from the U.K. the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the DPA 2018. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF INFORMATIONInformation collected in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) may be transferred, stored and processed by us and our services providers in the United States and other countries whose data protection laws may be different than the laws of your country. We will protect your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy wherever it is processed and take appropriate steps to protect the information in accordance with applicable laws.If you live in the EEA, or a similar international area, you may have additional privacy rights available to you under applicable laws. We will process your requests in accordance with applicable data protection laws. If you would like to exercise any of the below rights, please contact our Data Protection Officer so that we may consider your request in accordance with applicable law:(a) Right Not to Provide or Withdraw Consent. You have the right not to provide or withdraw your consent at any time.(b) Right of Access. You may have the right to access the Personal Data that you provided us.(c) Right of Erasure. You may have the right to the erasure of Personal Data that you provided us.(d) Right to Object to and/or opt-out of Processing. You may have the right to object to or opt-out of having your Personal Data processed by us.(e) Right to rectification. You may have the right to require us to correct any of your Personal Data.
E.U. RESIDENTS AND E.U. U.S. PRIVACY SHIELD FRAMEWORK(a) Overview. Dolly Parton’s Stampede complies with the E.U. U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and are committed to ensuring that we adhere to the following principles: Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement and Liability. We are subject to the enforcement of the Federal Trade Commission and shall remain liable for harm caused in connection with our onward transfer of your data. Other U.S. subsidiaries adhering to the Privacy Shield Principles include: Pirates Voyage, Hatfield McCoy Dinner Feud, and Comedy Barn. To learn more about the E.U. U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, please visit the U.S. Department of Commerce website located at the following link: https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome. We are committed to working with you to address questions, concerns or complaints you may have about this Privacy Policy or your Personal Data. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event there is a conflict between the Privacy Policy and the E.U. U.S. Privacy Shield Framework the terms of the E.U. U.S. Privacy Shield Framework shall govern. Please contact Jim Terrell at jimt@wciinvest.com if you have any questions or have an issue that you’d like to resolve.(b) Dispute Resolution. In compliance with the E.U. U.S. Privacy Shield Principals we are committed to addressing your questions and resolving your complaints regarding the use of your Personal Data. You should first contact Jim Terrell at jimt@wciinvest.com with any questions, concerns and/or complaints and we will promptly investigate and attempt to resolve the same. In the event we are unable to resolve your dispute; we will cooperate with a panel established by the E.U. Data Protection Authority to assist with resolving your claim(s) and/or issue(s). In certain instances, described at the following website https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint, you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
INFORMATION SECURITY AND CONFIDENTIALITYWe maintain (and require our subcontractors and service providers to maintain) appropriate organizational and technical measures designed to protect the security and confidentiality of any information we process. However, no organizational or technical measures are 100% secure so you should take care when disclosing information online and act reasonably to protect yourself online.
UPDATESFrom time to time, this Privacy Policy will be updated in whole or in part, at which time the new date will be reflected above in the “Last Revised” section. The updated Privacy Policy will immediately replace and supersede any prior Agreements, unless otherwise noted. If we determine the updates to the Privacy Policy are material, then we may choose to place a notice on the Site by revising the link on the homepage with the qualifying term “New,” “Updated,” or other similar language for a reasonable period of time. Accordingly, if you use the Site after an update is published, then you will unconditionally agree to be bound by the updated terms and policies.
UNSUBSCRIBE AND OPT-OUTYou will have an opportunity to unsubscribe to any emails or mailings by clicking on an “unsubscribe” hyperlink contained in promotional emails we send you. Even if you are removed from any such list, if you use the services provided through our Sites, you will continue to receive email correspondence from us related to the services. Any opt-out by you is not deemed valid until processed by us. It is your obligation to verify that you have opted-out. We will not be liable for problems with the opt-out procedures. Please note that any request to be removed from such mailing lists may take up to one (1) week to become effective. Even if you are removed from any such list, if you order online, we will send you an email confirming your order and may need to contact you by phone, email, or regular mail if we have questions about your order.If you register for an Account, you may review and update your account information by completing our Account Access Request form or by contacting our Data Protection Officer:Data Protection Officer: Jim TerrellAddress: 3849 Parkway, Pigeon Forge, TN 37863Email: jimt@wciinvest.comPhone: 865-774-8124
MARKETINGWorld Choice Investments, LLC participates in the Adobe Marketing Cloud Device Co-Op to better understand how you use our Online Services across the various devices you use, and to deliver tailored promotions. Go to https://cross-device-privacy.adobe.com to learn more about how Adobe does this and to manage your choices relating to this linking of devices.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITESYou may have found our Site through a link located on a third-party website operated by another company or you may choose to click on a link on this Site to websites operated by third parties. For example, we may at times include links to various social media platforms; but know that if you interact with these social media tools through this Site, then your experience on those social media sites will be governed by the privacy and other policies of those sites and the privacy settings you have chosen on those sites will determine the degree to which your information is made public. In short, please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Policy do not apply to information gathered through any website operated by other companies. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each and every website that you visit to understand how they collect, use, secure, and share your information. Further, we encourage you to choose your privacy settings on those websites accordingly.
SUSPICIOUS E-MAILSIf you receive a suspicious email that looks like it is from us asking you for your personal information, do not respond. We will never request your password, user name, credit card information or other personal information through email. For your protection, do not click links or open any files attached to suspicious, unsolicited emails.
PRIVACY POLICY QUESTIONSQuestions regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to us via the following contact information:Data Protection Officer: Jim TerrellAddress: 3849 Parkway, Pigeon Forge, TN 37863Email: jimt@wciinvest.comPhone: 865-774-8124
BRANSON, MO
ACCOUNTBUY TICKETSDIRECTIONSGROUPS INFONEWS & EVENTSSHOP STAMPEDESHOW INFORMATION Back
PIGEON FORGE
ACCOUNTBUY TICKETSDIRECTIONSGROUPS INFONEWS & EVENTSSHOP STAMPEDESHOW INFORMATION Back
Our site uses cookies and adheres to the guidelines of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). OKAY