https://dqydj.com/privacy-policy//
Privacy Policy and DisclosuresPrivacy PolicyThis privacy policy applies to dqydj.com, dqydj.net, yourdayjob.net and any and all subdomains. We will not use or share your personal information except as described in this privacy policy.Information we collectWe may collect personally identifiable information about you such as your full name, internet pseudonym or alias (and any associated graphic such as a gravatar), IP address, and email address if you visit, register for the site feed, submit a comment, use the contact form, or otherwise get in touch with the site.Additionally, our third party partners and we utilize cookies and tracking technologies for the purposes of tracking, analytics and advertising. You can block or disregard cookies and tracking technologies using your browser settings and may use DQYDJ although some elements of the site may be degraded.Additionally, we log information that is generally provided by your computer and browser when you navigate the site such as browser name, operating system, machine type, metadata related to previous and next link, and other session data. We do not tie this data to any personally identified information from the above paragraph.To amend or remove inaccurate data and metadata, contact info@dqydj.com. To remove personally identifiable information from the mailing list or subscription feed, use the links provided in the channel in question.We do not knowingly collect personal data for users under the age of 16. In the event that we learn of data collection for minors under the age of 16 we will immediately delete any information on those users as quickly as possible. If you believe we may have information on minors under the age of 16 contact info@dqydj.com.How we use information DQYDJ and our partners use generated data and metadata to improve the site offerings, create new content, register interest in topics and discussions, remember user preferences, and provide relevant advertising.We collect personally identifiable information in limited areas for the purposes of content and feed subscription and delivery, to provide commenting functionality, to solicit feedback, and to reply or comment in response to your communications.How we share informationPersonally identifiable information: DQYDJ will not rent or sell your PII to third party companies (except in the event of a site sale). Your personally identifiable information may be stored in locations outside of the control of DQYDJ, for example with analytics providers, our third party web host, with our feed providers, and other services and firms. Refer to third party individual privacy policies for information on how they handle your personally identifiable information.Non personally identifiable information: We may share anonymized or summarized metadata with third parties to better understand and improve the layout, structure, and content of the site and for purposes of site identification, verification, and promotion.Where required by law or to defend our interests: we may disclose your personally identifiable information or metadata in response to legal inquiries we believe legitimate or necessary. We may disclose your personally identifiable information and metadata to defend the integrity of our service or protect site security. We may disclose your personally identifiable information and metadata to exercise or defend our rights, property, and interests.How we store informationInformation collected by DQYDJ may be stored and processed in North America and other regions in which we or our third party partners maintain servers. DQYDJ may transfer information we collect about you across country lines to affiliated entities and third parties and for the purposes of site backups, redundancy, or reducing latency.How we protect your informationDQYDJ can not guarantee or warrant that your information will never be accessed through breach, exploit, or accident. However, we employ industry best practices in the collection and submission of information, beginning with providing our portal through Transport Layer Security (TLS) as denoted by the https:// in our site URL and using secure transport protocols for third party services and backups. No technology is 100% secure now or  in the future; we cannot guarantee absolute information security. For more information on how we safeguard data contact info@dqydj.comHow we communicate with youDQYDJ will primarily communicate with you through these methods:Information provided on our site and portalInformation and content provided through our feed, email, and syndication (partners or services)Replies, responses, defenses, clarifications and communications through mail and comments (which may trigger notifications depending on user preference)Private communications we initiateSocial feeds where you choose to subscribe or viewRetargeted advertisementsWhat we will do in the event of a compromiseWe will notify you through one of the above methods in compliance with applicable law in 72 or fewer hours from when we learn of breach, disclosure, or compromise.How to contact us and where to see updates If this privacy policy changes details will be reflected on this page. You may contact us regarding this policy through the contact form or by mailing info@dqydj.comFinancial Advice Disclaimer No agency, government, or other entity has actually bestowed upon us any titles like "Certified Financial Planner" or something similar.  Take everything that we say with a grain of salt, even if the financial strategies we publish are so obvious they're painful to add salt to.The simple fact is, we aren't formally qualified to give you advice.  For any information on the site find qualified and certified financial help from your jurisdiction to vet and verify its correctness. All information is provided for informational and research purposes only.AnalyticsDon't Quit Your Day Job... uses targeted ads designed to appeal to the interests of readers of this site.  You should know that:Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.We also use Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google.  Google utilizes the data collected to track and examine the usage patterns on DQYDJ.net and to prepare reports on site activities.  Google may use the data collected to personalize the ads on its own advertising network.You can opt out of Google Analytics Tracking here.Through remarketing with Google Analytics, we collect information on user demographics and interests. We use this data to review the type and amount of interest we receive to various content on the site and improve our advertising mix. Google provides a mixture of Analytics opt-outs here.Advertising PolicyThis is a collaborative blog, written by PK, Cameron, and the rare Guest Poster. For questions about this blog, please contact PK.This blog accepts forms of cash advertising, sponsorship, paid insertions or other forms of compensation.This blog abides by word of mouth marketing standards. We believe in honesty of relationship, opinion and identity. The compensation received may influence the advertising content, topics or posts made in this blog. That content, advertising space, or post will be clearly identified as paid or sponsored content.To get your own policy, go to http://www.disclosurepolicy.orgAffiliate Links and Products Don't Quit Your Day Job... has a financial relationship with some of the companies, services, and products listed on the site. We may be compensated for clicks, registrations, sign-ups, purchases and other actions readers take based on the links on the pages. You are not required to take any action related to our affiliate links to make use of the site.Amazon.com Affiliatedqydj.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.Commenting PolicyWe reserve the right to edit adult language in comments while preserving the original intent. Comments and pictures that are in our discretion, off topic, don't add to the discussion, spam or of strictly an attacking nature can be removed or edited.If you choose to comment, you release to the discretion of current and future authors of DQYDJ the right to use the material in your comment and any publicly available identification related to your comment in future material related to the site, or material branded under the same name as the site.Mediavine Programmatic AdvertisingThe Website uses Mediavine to manage all third-party advertising on the Website. Mediavine serves content and advertisements when you visit the Website, which may use first and third-party cookies. A cookie is a small text file which is sent to your computer or mobile device (referred to in this policy as a “device”) by the web server so that a website can remember some information about your browsing activity on the Website. The cookie may collect information relating to your use of the Website, information about your device such as the device’s IP address and browser type, demographic data and, if you arrived at the Website via a link from a third-party site, the URL of the linking page.First party cookies are created by the website that you are visiting. A third-party cookie is frequently used in behavioral advertising and analytics and is created by a domain other than the website you are visiting. Third-party cookies, tags, pixels, beacons and other similar technologies (collectively, “Tags”) may be placed on the Website to monitor interaction with advertising content and to target and optimize advertising. Each internet browser has functionality so that you can block both first and third-party cookies and clear your browser’s cache. The "help" feature of the menu bar on most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to receive notification of new cookies, how to disable existing cookies and how to clear your browser’s cache. For more information about cookies and how to disable them, you can consult the information at www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/.Without cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of the Website content and features. Please note that rejecting cookies does not mean that you will no longer see ads when you visit our Site.The Website may collect IP addresses and location information to serve personalized ads and pass it to Mediavine. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices to opt-in or opt-out of this data collection, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp. You may also visit http://optout.aboutads.info/#/ and http://optout.networkadvertising.org/# to learn more information about interest-based advertising. You may download the AppChoices app at http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices to opt out in connection with mobile apps, or use the platform controls on your mobile device to opt out.Mediavine partners with the following data processors:Pubmatic. You may find Pubmatic’s privacy policy through this link. The data collected on the Website may be transferred to Pubmatic and its demand partners for interest-based advertising. Statistical information and other non-cookie technologies (such as eTags and web or browser cache) may be used by third parties on this Website. Browser settings that block cookies may have no effect on these technologies, but you may clear your cache to delete such trackers. Data collected from a particular browser or device may be used with another computer or device that is linked to the browser or device on which such data was collected.Criteo. You may find Criteo’s privacy policy through this link. The data collected on the Website may be transferred to Criteo and its demand partners for interest-based advertising. Criteo may collect, access, and use non-identifying data to improve the Criteo Technology and other Criteo products, programs, and/or services. This non-identifying data may include on-site user behavior and user/page content data, URLs, statistics, or internal search queries. The non-identifying data are collected through the ad call and stored with a Criteo cookie for a maximum period of 13 months.Pulsepoint. You may find Pulsepoint’s privacy policy through this link.LiveRamp. You may find LiveRamp’s privacy policy through this link. When you use the Website, we share information that we may collect from you, such as your email (in hashed, de-identified form), IP address or information about your browser or operating system, with LiveRamp Inc, and its group companies (‘LiveRamp’). LiveRamp may use a cookie on your browser and match your shared information to their on- and offline marketing databases and those of its advertising partners to create a link between your browser and information in those other databases. This link may be shared by our partners globally for the purpose of enabling interest-based content or advertising throughout your online experience (e.g. cross device, web, email, in-app, etc.) by third parties unaffiliated with our website. These third parties may in turn link further demographic or interest-based information to your browser. To opt out of LiveRamp’s targeted advertising, please go here: https://liveramp.com/opt_out/RhythmOne. You may view RhythmOne’s privacy policy through this link. RhythmOne uses cookies and similar tracking technologies (such as mobile device identifiers and digital fingerprinting) to provide its services. RhythmOne may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please visit the following webpage: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.District M. You may find District M’s privacy policy through this link.YieldMo. You may find YieldMo’s privacy policy through this link. If you want to opt out of receiving interest based ads from Yieldmo or exercise your right under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, you may do so through this link.The Rubicon Project. You may find Rubicon’s privacy policy through this link. If you want to opt out of receiving interest based ads from Rubicon or exercise your right under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, you may do so through this link. You may also utilize the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page, the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page.Amazon Publisher Services. You may find Amazon Publisher Services’ privacy policy through this link.AppNexus. You may find the AppNexus privacy policy through this link.OpenX. You may find OpenX’s privacy policy through this link.Verizon Media formerly known as Oath. You may find Verizon Media’s privacy policy through this link. You may also utilize the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page, the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page to opt-out of the use of cookies for interest-based advertising.TripleLift. You may find TripleLift’s privacy policy through this link. To opt out of receiving interest-based advertising (including retargeting) from TripleLift’s services through the use of cookies in your current browser and for more information on what it means to opt-out, please go to www.triplelift.com/consumer-opt-out.Index Exchange. You may find Index Exchange’s privacy policy through this link. You may also utilize the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page, the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page to opt-out of the use of cookies for interest-based advertising.Sovrn. You may find Sovrn’s privacy policy through this link.GumGum. You may find GumGum’s privacy policy through this link. GumGum may (i) use place and use cookies on end users’ browsers or use web beacons to collect information about end users who visit such Publisher Websites and (ii) link such collected end user information to other end user information provided by third parties in order to deliver targeted Advertisements to such end users.Digital Remedy. You may find Digital Remedy’s privacy policy through this link.MediaGrid. You may find MediaGrid’s privacy policy through this link. MediaGrid may collect and store information about end-user interactions with this website through cookies, advertising IDS, pixels and server-to-server connections. MediaGrid was receive the following information: the page an End-User has requested and the referring/exit pages; Timestamp information (i.e., the date and time the End-User has visited the page); IP address; mobile device identifier; device model; device operating system; browser type; carrier; gender; age; geolocation (including GPS coordinates); clickstream data; cookie information; first-party identifiers'; and hashed email addresses; demographic and inferred interest information; and post-conversion data (from both online and offline behaviour). Some of this data is gathered from this website and others is gathered from advertisers. MediaGrid uses this data to provide its services. You may also utilize the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page, the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page to opt-out of the use of cookies for interest-based advertising or review their privacy policy for more information.RevContent - You may find RevContent’s privacy policy through this link. RevContent may collect information about your browser or device, including browser type, IP Address, device type, user agent string, and operating system. RevContent also collects information about the websites you visit through their services, such as date and time of access and specific pages accessed and the content and ads you click on. You may opt-out of any personalization track by opting-out of RevContent’s data collection.Centro, Inc. - You may find Centro’s privacy policy through this link. You may find opt-out information for Centro’s services through the privacy policy link.33Across, Inc. - You may find 33Across’s privacy policy through this link. To opt-out of personalized advertising, please visit https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1.Conversant. LLC - You may find Conversant’s privacy policy through this link. Conversant uses information that does not directly identify you, such as information about your browser type, time and date of visit, your browsing or transaction activity, the subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, and a unique identifier (such as a cookie string, or a unique advertising identifier provided by your mobile device) during your visits to this and other websites and apps in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. Conversant may use technologies such as cookies and other tracking technologies to collect this information. To learn more about interest-based advertising, or to opt-out, you can visit www.youronlinechoices.eu or https://www.networkadvertising.org/. Never Miss a Post
POPULAR  IN THE LAST WEEK Hours Calculator: See How Many Hours are Between Two Times
Net Worth by Age Calculator for the United States in 2020
Bond Pricing Calculator Based on Current Market Price and Yield
Bond Yield to Maturity (YTM) Calculator
Stock Total Return and Dividend Reinvestment Calculator (US)
Average, Median, Top 1%, and all United States Net Worth Percentiles in 2020
Least to Greatest Calculator: Sort in Ascending Order
Net Worth Percentile Calculator for the United States in 2020
Income Percentile by Age Calculator for the United States in 2020
Income Percentile Calculator for the United States in 2020
S&P 500 Return Calculator, with Dividend Reinvestment
Household Income Percentile Calculator for the United States in 2020
Height Percentile Calculator for Men and Women in the United States
Age Difference Calculator: Compute the Age Gap
Bitcoin Return Calculator with Inflation Adjustment
Years Between Dates Calculator: Years between two dates
Average, Median, Top 1%, and all United States Household Income Percentiles in 2020
Month Calculator: Number of Months Between Dates Don't Quit Your Day Job...DQYDJ may be compensated by our advertising and affiliate partners if you make purchases through links. See our disclosures page for more information.Sign Up For EmailsHOMEHOMEBLOGABOUT DQYDJPRIVACY & DISCLOSURESCATEGORIESINVESTINGNET WORTHINCOMEPERSONAL FINANCEENGINEERINGMOREHEALTHREAL ESTATEECONOMICSCALCULATORSOFFBEAT© 2009-2020 dqydj.com
searchenvelope
linkedin
facebook
pinterest
youtube
rss
twitter
instagram
facebook-blank
rss-blank
linkedin-blank
pinterest
youtube
twitter
instagram