https://dreamtheater.net/terms-of-use/
TERMS OF USEPlease read this “Terms of Use” Agreement carefully. Your use of the Site (as defined below) constitutes your agreement to these “Terms of Use.”
This Terms of Use Agreement (the “Agreement“) is between you and YTSE JAMS INC. (the “Company,” “we,” “us“), concerning your use of the site currently located at www.dreamtheater.net [together with any successor site(s) and all Services (as defined below), the “Site“]. By agreeing to this Agreement, you are representing that you are the age of majority in your state of residence and are legally able to enter into a binding agreement. If you are using the Site on behalf of an organization, you represent and agree that: (a) you are agreeing to this Agreement on behalf of such organization; (b) you are authorized to bind that organization to this Agreement; and (c) “you” as used herein means both you individually as well as the organization on whose behalf you are agreeing to this Agreement.
BY USING THE SITE, YOU AFFIRM THAT YOU ARE OF LEGAL AGE TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT OR, IF YOU ARE NOT, THAT YOU HAVE OBTAINED THE CONSENT OF A PARENT OR GUARDIAN TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT.
1. Acceptance of Terms. By accessing or using the Site, you agree to the terms of this Agreement and to any additional rules and guidelines that we may post on the Site. We may make changes to this Agreement (and to any such additional rules and guidelines) from time to time, and we may notify you of such changes by any reasonable means, including by posting the revised version of this Agreement on the Site. You can determine when we last changed this Agreement by referring to the “LAST UPDATED” legend above. Your access to or use of the Site following changes to this Agreement will constitute your acceptance of those changes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any changes to this Agreement shall not apply to any dispute between you and us arising prior to the date of such posting or other notification. We may, at any time, temporarily or permanently modify or discontinue all or part of the Site, with or without notice and/or offer opportunities to some or all users of the Site. You agree that neither we nor any of our affiliates (collectively, “Affiliated Entities“) shall be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Site, in whole or in part, or of any Service, content, feature or product offered through the Site.
2. Jurisdictional Issues. The Site is controlled and/or operated by the Company from the United States and is not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any jurisdiction other than that of the United States. The Site may not be appropriate or available for use in some jurisdictions outside of the United States. If you access or use the Site, you do so at your own risk, and you are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations. We may limit the Site’s availability, in whole or in part, to any person, geographic area or jurisdiction we choose, at any time and in our sole discretion.
3. Description of the Services. We provide users of the Site with access to certain content and services, which may include, without limitation: (a) services such as profiles, forums, discussion boards, registration functionality, interactive tests, voting and polling functionality, blogs and links to third-party websites; and (b) content such as articles, audio and video clips, photographs, graphics, images, text, data, user comments, postings and messages and other similar content (such content and services, collectively, the “Services“).
4. Information Submitted Through the Site. Your submission of information through the Site is governed by our Privacy Policy, which is located at https://dreamtheater.net/privacy-policy/. You agree that all information that you provide to us is true, accurate and complete and that you will update such information as necessary.
5. Rules of Conduct. While using the Site, you will comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. In addition, we expect Site users to respect the rights and dignity of others. Your access to and use of the Site is conditioned on your compliance with the rules of conduct set forth in this section. Your failure to comply may result in termination of your access to or use of the Site (or any part of the Site). You agree that you will not:
Post, transmit, or otherwise make available, through or in connection with the Site:
Anything that is or may be: (a) threatening, harassing, degrading, hateful or intimidating; (b) defamatory; (c) fraudulent or tortious; (d) obscene, indecent, pornographic or otherwise objectionable; or (e) protected by copyright, trademark, trade secret, right of publicity or other proprietary right without the express prior consent of the owner of such right;
Any material that would give rise to criminal or civil liability; that encourages conduct that constitutes a criminal offense; or that encourages or provides instructional information about illegal activities or activities, such as “hacking,” “cracking” or “phreaking”;
Any virus, worm, Trojan horse, Easter egg, time bomb, spyware, or other computer code, file, or program that is harmful or invasive or may or is intended to damage or hijack the operation of, or to monitor the use of, any hardware, software or equipment;
Any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional material, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letter,” “pyramid scheme” or investment opportunity, or any other form of solicitation;
Any material, non-public information about a company without the proper authorization to do so.
Use the Site for any fraudulent or unlawful purpose.
Use the Site to defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights of others, including others’ privacy rights or rights of publicity, or harvest or collect personally identifiable information about other Site users.
Impersonate any person or entity, including any Company representative; falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity; or express or imply that we endorse any statement or posting you make.
Interfere with or disrupt the operation of the Site or the servers or networks used to make the Site available or violate any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of such networks.
Restrict or inhibit any other person from using the Site (including by hacking or defacing any portion of the Site).
Use the Site to advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services without our express prior written consent.
Reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or otherwise exploit for any commercial purposes, any portion of, use of or access to the Site.
Modify, adapt, translate, reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble any portion of the Site.
Remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notice from the Site or materials originating from the Site.
Frame or mirror any part of the Site without our express prior written consent.
Create a database by systematically downloading and storing any or all Site content.
Use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application or other manual or automatic device to retrieve, index, “scrape,” “data mine” or in any way gather Site content or reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Site without our express prior written consent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and subject to the following sentence, the Company grants the operators of public search engines permission to use spiders to copy materials from the Site for the sole purpose of (and solely to the extent necessary for) creating publicly available, searchable indices of such materials, but not caches or archives of such materials. The Company reserves the right to revoke such permission either generally or in specific cases, at any time and without notice.
You also acknowledge and agree that you (and not the Company) are responsible for obtaining, maintaining and paying for all telecommunications, networking and computer hardware, equipment and services needed to access and use the Site.
6. Registration; User Names and Passwords. You may need to register to use all or part of the Site. We may reject, or require that you change, any user name, password or other information that you provide to us in registering. Your user name and password are for your personal use only and should be kept confidential. You are responsible for any use or misuse of your user name or password, and you must promptly notify us of any confidentiality breach or unauthorized use of your user name or password or your Site account.
7. Profiles and Forums. We may provide you with the ability to post certain information and materials on your “profile page” (your “Profile“). We may also make available services (for example, message boards, forums, blogs, chat functionality, messaging functionality and comment functionality) to which you are able to post information and materials (each, a “Forum“). Information contained in Profiles and Forums may be provided by our employees and Affiliated Entities as well as by third-party visitors to the Site. Site visitors may post messages or make statements that are inaccurate, misleading or deceptive. The Company, the Affiliated Entities and each of their respective employees, officers, directors, shareholders, affiliates, agents, representatives, licensors, suppliers and service providers (collectively, the “Released Parties“) neither endorse nor are responsible for any opinion, advice, information or statements made in the Profiles and Forums by third parties. Without limitation, the Released Parties are not responsible for any information or materials made available through the Profiles and Forums or results obtained using any such information or materials. Under no circumstances will the Released Parties be liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on such information or materials. The opinions expressed in the Profiles and Forums reflect solely the opinions of the individuals who submitted such opinions and may not reflect the opinions of the Company.
In addition, the Released Parties have no control over, and shall have no liability for, any damages resulting from the use or misuse by any third party of information voluntarily made public through a Profile or a Forum or any other part of the Site. IF YOU CHOOSE TO MAKE ANY OF YOUR PERSONAL OR OTHER INFORMATION PUBLICLY AVAILABLE ON THE SITE, YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK.
8. Submissions. The Site may make available certain functionality (such as Forums) through which you are able to post or send information and materials (each, a “Submission“). For purposes of clarity, you retain ownership rights that you may have in any Submission that you post, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. For each Submission that you make available through or in connection with the Site, you hereby grant to the Company, the Affiliated Entities and each of their respective service providers and designees a worldwide, non-exclusive, transferable, fully sublicenseable (through multiple tiers), royalty-free, fully paid-up, perpetual, irrevocable license, without additional consideration to you or any third party, to: reproduce, distribute, perform and display (publicly or otherwise), create derivative works of, adapt, modify and otherwise use and exploit such Submission, in any format or media now known or hereafter developed and for any purpose (including promotional purposes).
For each Submission, you represent and warrant that you have all rights necessary for you to grant the license granted in this section and that such Submission, and your provision of it to and through the Site, comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. You further irrevocably waive any “moral rights” or other rights with respect to attribution of authorship or integrity of materials regarding each Submission that you may have under any applicable law under any legal theory. We request this license and waiver to help ensure that we have all the rights we may need to provide the Services available through the Site.
9. Monitoring. We may (but have no obligation to) monitor, evaluate, refuse to post, remove or alter Submissions before or after they appear on the Site. We may disclose any Submissions and the circumstances surrounding their transmission to anyone for any reason.
10. Your Suggestions. You grant to Company all right, title and interest to any suggestion, recommendation or other feedback that you provide to us. In the event this grant is not sufficient, you grant to Company a royalty-free, fully paid, worldwide, transferable, sub-licensable, irrevocable, perpetual license to use and incorporate into its products and/or services (including the Site) any of your suggestions, recommendations or other feedback.
11. Purchases. If you wish to purchase any product or service made available through the Site (each such purchase, a “Transaction“), you may be asked to supply certain information relevant to your Transaction, including, without limitation, your payment card number and expiration date, your billing address and your shipping information. YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE LEGAL RIGHT TO USE ANY PAYMENT METHOD USED BY YOU TO INITIATE ANY TRANSACTION. By submitting such information, you agree that we may provide such information to third parties for purposes of facilitating the completion of Transactions initiated by you or on your behalf. Verification of information may be required prior to the acknowledgement or completion of any Transaction. You agree to pay all charges that may be incurred by you or on your behalf through the Site, at the price(s) in effect when such charges are incurred, including, without limitation, all shipping and handling charges. In addition, you are responsible for any taxes that may be applicable to your Transactions.
Descriptions and images of, and references to, products or services on the Site do not imply our endorsement of such products or services. We reserve the right, with or without prior notice, to change such descriptions, images, and references; to limit the available quantity of any product or service; to honor, or impose conditions on the honoring of, any coupon, coupon code, promotional code or other promotion; to bar any user from making any or all Transaction(s); and/or to refuse to provide any user with any product or service. Price and availability of any product or service offered through the Site are subject to change without notice. Refunds and exchanges will be subject to our refund and exchange policies then in effect.
In some cases, we may use a third-party payment service to collect and process payments. In such cases, you will be directed to a web page hosted by such third party and not by us, and your use of such web page will be subject to the third party’s user agreement and privacy policy, not this Agreement or our Privacy Policy. You acknowledge and agree that we are not, and will not be, responsible or liable for such third party’s services, site, acts or omissions. We reserve the right to discontinue or change any third party payment service used in connection with the Site.
12. Our Proprietary Rights. We and/or our licensors and suppliers own the information and materials made available through the Site. Such information and materials are protected by copyright, trademark, patent and/or other proprietary rights and laws. Subject to your compliance with this Agreement, and solely for so long as you are permitted by us to access and use the Site, you may access, view and print a single copy of any content on the Site to which we provide you access hereunder, solely for your personal and non-commercial purposes, provided that you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. Except as expressly authorized in advance by us in writing, you agree not to reproduce, modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on all or any part of the Site or any information or materials made available through the Site.
We own our trade names, trademarks, service marks and any associated logos. All trademarks and service marks on the Site not owned by us are the property of their respective owners. You may not use our trade names, trademarks or service marks in connection with any product or service that is not ours in any manner that is likely to cause confusion. Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting any license or right to use any trade names, trademarks or service marks without the express prior written consent of the owner.
13. Links to or from Other Sites. The Site may provide links to or feeds from other websites and online resources. Except as otherwise expressly stated by us on the Site, we are not affiliated or associated with the operators of any third-party websites or other resources that link to or are linked from the Site. The Released Parties do not endorse any such third-party website or resource and expressly disclaim any responsibility for the accuracy, content or availability of information found on third party websites or resources that link to or are linked from the Site. YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES AND OTHER ONLINE RESOURCES, INCLUDING YOUR USE OF ANY CONTENT, INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, SERVICES OR OTHER MATERIALS AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH SUCH WEBSITES AND RESOURCES IS AT YOUR OWN RISK AND IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE APPLICABLE TO SUCH WEBSITES AND RESOURCES. We shall have the right, at any time and in our sole discretion, to block links to the Site through technological or other means without prior notice.
14. DISCLAIMERS; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.THE SITE IS PROVIDED TO YOU “AS IS,” WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, AND EACH OF THE RELEASED PARTIES DISCLAIMS ALL STATUTORY OR IMPLIED REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, TERMS AND CONDITIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE SITE AND ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OFFERED THROUGH THE SITE, INCLUDING ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT AND TITLE. YOU AGREE THAT YOU MUST EVALUATE, AND THAT YOU BEAR ALL RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH, THE USE OF THE SITE, INCLUDING ANY RELIANCE ON THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR USEFULNESS OF ANY MATERIALS AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITE.
NONE OF THE RELEASED PARTIES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY KIND IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE OR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE OFFERED THROUGH THE SITE, UNDER ANY THEORY, INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OR INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF OTHER INTANGIBLES, LOSS OF SECURITY OF INFORMATION YOU HAVE PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE SITE OR UNAUTHORIZED INTERCEPTION OF ANY SUCH INFORMATION BY THIRD PARTIES, EVEN IF ADVISED IN ADVANCE OF SUCH DAMAGES OR LOSSES. YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SITE IS TO STOP USING THE SITE. THE MAXIMUM LIABILITY OF THE RELEASED PARTIES FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES AND CAUSES OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, SHALL BE TWENTY-FIVE (25) U.S. DOLLARS (USD $25).
Applicable law may not allow for limitations on certain implied warranties or exclusions or limitations of certain damages; solely to the extent that such law applies to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions or limitations may not apply to you, and you may have additional rights.
While we try to maintain the security of the Site, we do not guarantee that it will be secure or that any use of the Site will be uninterrupted. Information on the Site may occasionally be inaccurate, incomplete or out of date. Additionally, third parties may make unauthorized alterations to the Site. If you become aware of any unauthorized third- party alteration to the Site, contact us at [insert contact information] with a description of the material(s) at issue and the location on the Site where such material(s) appear.
15. Indemnity. Except to the extent prohibited under applicable law, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Released Parties from and against all claims, losses, costs and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) arising out of (a) your use of, or activities in connection with, the Site; (b) any violation or alleged violation of this Agreement by you; or (c) any claim that any of your Submissions or any use or exploitation thereof caused damage to or infringed upon or violated the rights of a third party, including past, present or future infringement, misappropriation, libel, defamation, invasion of privacy or right of publicity, or violation of any right related to the foregoing.
16. Termination. This Agreement is effective until terminated. We, in our sole discretion, may terminate your access to or use of the Site at any time and for any reason, including if we believe that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of this Agreement. Upon any such termination, your right to use the Site will immediately cease. You agree that any termination of your access to or use of the Site may be effected without prior notice and that we may immediately deactivate or delete your password and username and all related information and files associated with it and/or bar any further access to such information or files. You agree that the Released Parties shall not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your access to the Site or to any such information or files and shall not be required to make such information or files available to you after any such termination. Sections 1, 2, 5, 6, 7, 8, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 20, and 22 shall survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement.
17. Governing Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement is governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, U.S.A., without regard to its principles of conflicts of law. You agree to exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in New York, NY U.S.A., and waive any jurisdictional, venue or inconvenient forum objections to such courts.
18. Information or Complaints. If you have a question or complaint regarding the Site, please contact us at [insert contact information]. California residents may reach the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by mail at 1625 North Market Blvd., Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210.
19. Filtering. Pursuant to 47 U.S.C. Section 230(d) as amended, we hereby notify you that parental control protections (such as computer hardware, software or filtering services) are commercially available that may assist you in limiting access to material that is harmful to minors. Information identifying current providers of such protections is available on the two web sites GetNetWise (http://kids.getnetwise.org/) and OnGuard Online (http://onguardonline.gov/). We do not endorse any of the products or services listed at such site.
20. Claims of Copyright Infringement. The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the “DMCA“) provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under U.S. copyright law. If you believe in good faith that materials available on the Site infringe your copyright, you (or your agent) may send us a notice requesting that we remove the material or block access to it. If you believe in good faith that someone has wrongly filed a notice of copyright infringement against you, the DMCA permits you to send us a counter-notice. Notices and counter-notices must meet the then-current statutory requirements imposed by the DMCA. See http://www.copyright.gov/ for details. Notices and counter-notices should be sent to contact@crystalspotlight.com. We suggest that you consult your legal advisor before filing a notice or counter-notice.
21. Export Control. You represent and warrant that (a) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (b) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties. You may not export any Services or software available on or through the Site except as authorized by United States law.
22. Miscellaneous. This Agreement does not, and shall not be construed to, create any partnership, joint venture, employer-employee, agency or franchisor-franchisee relationship between you and us. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, that provision will be deemed severable from this Agreement and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provision. You may not assign, transfer or sublicense any or all of your rights or obligations under this Agreement without our express prior written consent. We may assign, transfer or sublicense any or all of our rights or obligations under this Agreement without restriction. No waiver by either party of any breach or default hereunder will be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default. Any heading, caption or section title contained herein is inserted only as a matter of convenience, and in no way defines or explains any section or provision hereof. The term “including” as used herein means “including without limitation.” This, together with all policies referred to herein, is the entire Agreement between you and us relating to the subject matter herein and supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous written or oral agreements or understandings between you and us relating to such subject matter. Notices to you may be made via posting to the Site, by e-mail, or by regular mail, in our discretion. Without limitation, you agree that a printed version of this Agreement and of any notice given hereunder in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this Agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. We will not be responsible for failures to fulfill any obligations due to causes beyond our control.
Site © 2017 YTSE JAMS INC. unless otherwise noted. All rights reserved.
×
Home
Info
Tour
Discography
Band
Photos
Videos
Links
Merch