http://drownedinsound.com/terms
DiS Needs You:
Save our site »
THIS SITE HAS BEEN ARCHIVED AND CLOSED.
Please join the conversation over on our new forums »
If you really want to read this, try using The Internet Archive.
Terms And Conditions
Last Updated: January 9, 2008
drownedinsound.com Limited ("drownedinsound.com" /
"the Website") can be accessed via the World Wide Web, Mobile
phone, RSS feed, digital television, PDA and other similar devices. When
you access drownedinsound.com by whatever means the terms and conditions
set out below shall apply at all times unless stated otherwise. Please
read these terms of use carefully. This is a contract. By using this
Website, you accept all terms, conditions and responsibilities of this
agreement.
By using, accessing and using the network in any manner you are
deemed to have accepted these conditions.
Some areas of drownedinsound.com require registration. By completing
the initial registration form and by entering your email address, you
will be deemed to have accepted these terms and conditions. Also, by
subscribing to any of our email services, you are deemed to have
accepted these terms and conditions. If you register with
drownedinsound.com you are deemed to have read and accepted the
drownedinsound.com privacy policy.
If you have registered with us and subsequently change your details,
you can update these details via the 'Community' page of the Website.
This Website is offered and made available only to users 13 years of
age or older. If you are not yet 13 years old, please discontinue using
the Website immediately. If, for any reason, you do not agree with all
of the terms and conditions contained herein, please discontinue using
the Website immediately.
Any changes we make to the terms and conditions will be reflected on
this page so you should return to this page at regular intervals to
check for changes.
1. Intellectual property rights
All material contained on the site and the design of the site are
copyright drownedinsound.com. If you want to use any content and
materials on the Website you must obtain our prior written consent which
we may withhold for whatever reason. You must not copy, use or modify
our software in any manner. You acknowledge that we own the trademarks
whether registered or unregistered in the name drownedinsound and any
associated variations thereto together with any device marks, design or
artwork ("the Trademarks").
2. Use of content and material on drownedinsound.com
"content and "material" means everything on the site. This
includes but is not limited to, text, video, graphics and sound
recordings, published on the drownedinsoundcom network, whether
copyright of drownedinsound.com Limited or a third party.
You can access, retrieve and display content and material on your
computer, mobile phone, PDA and other similar devices and you are
allowed to download and print extracts from the material and make copies
of these for your own personal and non-commercial use only. You cannot
download or print the material, or extracts from it for commercial use,
reproduce or copy the content and material in a regular way or use the
material in a data base in whatever form including but not limited to
newsgroups, your own or a third party Website, mailing lists, bulletin
boards or any systematic storage method whether in its original or
modified form. You cannot use the Trademarks or remove them from the
content and material without our prior written consent.
For all other uses, permission from us must be sought in advance. A fee
may be payable. Please email the Editor, Mike Diver at: sean@drownedinsound.com if you wish to apply for permission to do so.
3. Registration
Areas of the Website are available to you on registration. Your
registration is personal to you and you agree that you are using
drownedinsound.com as such. When granted, access is by your username and
password. It is your responsibility to keep your username and password
confidential and you must notify us if it is lost or stolen or you
become aware of its unauthorized use. All information supplied by you
must be accurate. It is your responsibility to update your information
as necessary.
Access to the Website is on the following basis:
you do not share your username and password with anyone else.
you will not do anything which would assist anyone who is not a
registered user to gain access to any registration area of
drownedinsound.com
you shall only have one site registration and you shall not set up
additional accounts to abuse or sabotage the site, its functionality or
to abuse other users. Accordingly you will not pass yourself off as
another user.
you accept that we shall not be liable for the unauthorized use of
your username and password including unauthorized transactions.
you comply with these terms and conditions and indicate your
acceptance of the terms and conditions when asked.
If, for any reason, we believe that you have not complied with these
requirements, we may, at our discretion, cancel your access to the
registration areas of the Website immediately and without giving you any
advance notice.
4. Termination of Registration
You accept that we have absolute discretion to suspend or terminate
your registration and access to the site whether in part or whole by
emailing you at the address you gave at registration. If we have
terminated your registration the agreement will terminate and your email
address and password will become invalid on drownedinsound.com
immediately.
Equally if you wish to cancel your registration you may do so at any
time but no refunds will be payable in relation to any (future)
subscription service and any cancellation in respect of any goods and
services offered by a third party will be subject to the terms and
conditions of that third party.
5. Community
The site includes comment threads, community boards and other areas
that allow users to interact with each other. We do not control the
content posted to the forums and discussion groups but we reserve the
right to delete, remove and/or edit messages and postings and terminate
your access if we consider your use of the community to be inappropriate
or damaging in any way. Our decision shall be final. You must follow any
rules that we set down in relation to the community but in particular
you must not do any of the following:
post messages that contain viruses or other things that can cause
harm and damage
impersonate a person or entity, misrepresent that you are connected
with any person or entity, disguise the origin of messages, collect
data, store data, include links to other Websites which we deem are
unrelated, advertise goods or services or invite people to join any
chain letter
post messages with recommendations to buy any product or service,
post messages which are abusive, unlawful, threatening, libelous,
infringe copyrights or trademarks or post illegal content
do anything which we consider to be detrimental to the running of
the forum and community including stopping others from using the
community
by submitting messages to the Community you agree to indemnify
drownedinsound.com and hold it harmless from any claims, including costs
and expenses arising out of your postings that are in breach of this
clause and agreement. In addition you hereby waive any rights you have
or may have in relation to anonymity and anonymous postings and agree
that we may disclose your name and personal details in the event that
you are in breach of this clause and agreement
you hereby agree that we may use any messages or content submitted
by you on a royalty free basis and agree that we may use and alter the
same in any manner whatsoever and you waive any and all moral rights in
the messages and content submitted by you.
6. Disclaimer of liability
Whilst we try to ensure the accuracy of everything on
drownedinsound.com to the extent permitted by law, we do not accept any
responsibility for any statement in the material. You must not rely on
any statement we have published on drownedinsound.com as we make no
warranty express or implied concerning the content. If you are in doubt
seek specialist professional advice. Nothing in the material is provided
for any specific purpose or at the request of any particular person.
For the avoidance of confusion, we will not be liable for any loss
caused as a result of your doing, or not doing, anything as a result of
viewing, reading or listening to the material or any part of it (except
for death or personal injury attributable to our negligence and to the
extent permitted at law).
6. Links
This Website may contain links to other Websites ("Linked
Sites"). The Linked Sites are not under the control of
drownedinsound.com and drownedinsound.com is not responsible for the
contents of any Linked Sites. drownedinsound.com provides Linked Sites
to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any such Linked Sites
is not an endorsement by drownedinsound.com in favor of any company
offering Internet services, products or services on these Linked Sites.
Other sites may link without prior permission to the Website's home
page only. Permission must otherwise be granted by drownedinsound.com
for any other type of link to the Website. To seek our permission, you
may email the Editor if you wish to apply for permission to do so.
Any third party Website that links to the Website:
shall not create a frame, browse or border environment around any of
the content of the Website
may link to, but not replicate, Website content
shall not state directly or imply that drownedinsound.com is
endorsing or sponsoring it or its products or services
shall not present false information about drownedinsound.com or its
products or services;
shall not use drownedinsound.com trademarks without the prior
written permission of drownedinsound.com; and
shall not contain content that could be construed by
drownedinsound.com as tasteful, offensive, obscene or controversial.
We do not warrant that the Website or any of its contents is virus
free. You must take your own precautions in this respect as we hereby
accept no responsibility for any infection by virus or other
contamination or by anything which has destructive properties.
drownedinsound.com claims all warranties in relation to fitness for
purpose and we shall not be liable for any loss you may suffer arising
directly or indirectly from the use of drownedinsound.com
7. Advertising and third party material on drownedinsound.com
You will see advertising material submitted by third parties on
drownedinsound.com. Individual advertisers are solely responsible for
the content of advertising material which they submit to us, including
ensuring that it complies with relevant legislation. We accept no
responsibility for the content of advertising material, including,
without limitation, any error, omission or inaccuracy therein.
Third party advertising cookies: some of the advertisements you see
on this site are generated by third parties. Some of these third parties
generate their own "anonymous cookies", for the same reasons we do: to
track how many unique users have seen a particular ad, and how many
times they have seen it. These third party cookies cannot be used to
identify an individual user, but only for statistical purposes, for
example, in providing you with advertisements that are more relevant to
your interests. Additionally, the companies that generate these cookies
have their own, very strict, privacy policies but we don't have access
to these cookies; other than allowing them to be served, we have no role
to play in these cookies at all (although we may use statistical
information arising from these third party cookies and provided to us by
third parties, to improve the targeting of advertisements to users).
If you wish to advertise on drownedinsound.com, please email Matt
Ring at BSkyB: matt.ring@bskyb.com
8. Promotions and contests
The Website may, from time to time, contain competitions and other
promotions that require you to send material or information about
yourself. Those competitions or promotions may be governed by a separate
set of rules that may have eligibility requirements. It is your
responsibility to read such rules to determine whether your
participation, registration and/or entry are valid. You agree to read
and comply with such rules before entering any competition or promotion
on the Website.
9. Submitting graphical material and photography for publication on
drownedinsound.com
When you upload or send a photograph or other graphical material to
us you do so in accordance with these Terms of service.
This means that you hereby agree that you have taken the
photograph(s) you have uploaded or sent to us or you have permission
from or are authorised by the owner of the photograph(s) to send it
(them) to us, and you are granting us a non-exclusive, royalty-free
license to publish or otherwise use the photograph(s) in any way and at
any time we want on the drownedinsound.com Website. Selected photographs
and graphical material will be published at the discretion of the
Websites editor and you will not be paid, even if your photograph(s) is
(are) published.
We may cut, edit, crop or arrange your photograph(s) or graphic as we
think fit to appear on the drownedinsound.com Website, and we may remove
your photograph(s) or graphics at any time. Where possible, you will
receive a name credit next to or close to your photograph(s) or graphic,
but we may edit or delete any comments which you submit along with your
photograph(s) or graphic.
IMPORTANT: You or the owner of the photograph(s) still own the
copyright in the photograph(s) sent to us and are free to republish the
photograph(s) wherever you or the owner wish and in whatever medium you
or the owner wish.
10. Submitting text for publication on drownedinsound.com
Users of our site may submit material for publication in various
areas of the site, including our Community boards, user blogs and
reviews. We accept no liability in respect of any material submitted by
users and published by us and we are not responsible for its content and
accuracy.
If you want to submit material to us for publication on
drownedinsound.com, you may do so on the following terms and conditions:
the publication of any material you submit to us will be at our sole
discretion. We reserve the right to make additions or deletions to the
text or graphics prior to publication, or to refuse publication
you grant us a non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, worldwide license
to republish any material you submit to us in any format, including
without limitation print and electronic format
you warrant to us that any material you submit to us is your own
original work and that you own the copyright and any other relevant
rights
you warrant that the material you submit is not obscene, offensive,
defamatory of any person or otherwise illegal
you agree not to post material which is deliberately intended to
upset other users
you acknowledge that any breach of these warranties may cause us
damage or loss and you agree to indemnify us in full and permanently
against any third party liabilities, claims, costs, loss or damage we
incur as a result of publishing material you submit to us, including
consequential losses
we reserve the right to remove your access to staff areas completely
if we believe you are abusing the services in any way.
drownedinsound.com shall have the right but not the obligation to
monitor, from time to time, the content of the Website including,
without limitation, the Community boards and message threads to
determine compliance with this Agreement and any operating rules
established by drownedinsound.com and to satisfy any law, regulation or
authorised government request. drownedinsound.com shall have the right
in its sole and absolute discretion to edit, refuse to post or remove
any material submitted to or posted on the Website.
By using the Website, you agree not to post any content which libels,
defames, invades privacy or is indecent, obscene, pornographic, abusive,
threatening, illegal, solicits gambling or engages in any gambling
activity, contains a virus or other harmful component, infringes on the
ability of others to enjoy the Website or that infringes on the rights
of others including, without limitation, any intellectual property
rights of any entity or person, impersonates or misrepresents your
connection to any other entity or person or otherwise manipulates
headers or identifiers to disguise the origin of the content, contains
links to other sites that contain the kind of content which falls within
the description set out above. drownedinsound.com reserves the right to
delete, move or edit any content and refuse access to anyone who
drownedinsound.com believes in its sole and absolute discretion has
violated these terms or any other term of this Agreement. You hereby
waive any and all rights you may have with respect to the alteration,
modification or removal of any such content. drownedinsound.com
additionally reserves the right to terminate this Agreement against any
further use of any person or entity who violates any term of this
Agreement. If drownedinsound.com receives a request to disclose the
identities of users who post content to the Website and if
drownedinsound.com discloses the identify of a user pursuant to the
Terms And Conditions of Use or drownedinsound.com's Privacy Policy, you
understand and agree that we may do so and you waive all rights in
connection therewith.
All material you submit to the Website, including e-mails, becomes
the sole and exclusive property of drownedinsound.com.
drownedinsound.com may reproduce, distribute, display, exhibit and
otherwise exploit that material in all markets and media now known or
hereafter devised throughout the Universe in perpetuity without payment
of any compensation or other consideration to you. You hereby waive all
moral rights you may have in and to that material. drownedinsound.com
does not consider any material you submit to the Website to be
confidential or proprietary.
11. Force majeure (&quot;act of god&quot;)
drownedinsound.com, its affiliates and associates will not be liable
or deemed liable for any failure or delay or interruption to your access
to the Website for whatever reason. We shall endeavor to provide the
best access we can at all times but we do not guarantee access and we
accept no responsibility or liability for any interruption or delay. We
shall not be liable in any way for any computer viruses, theft, errors,
unauthorized access, strike, severe weather, earthquake or any
government restriction that affects your access and use of this site.
12. Data protection
If you have indicated on the registration form that you wish to
receive direct marketing material, your personal details will be
included in a database compiled for direct marketing purposes. From time
to time, you may receive direct marketing information from us or from
third parties.
If you have indicated that you wish to receive email updates only from
drownedinsound.com, your personal details will be included on a database
compiled for this specific purpose.
If you have indicated that you wish to receive direct marketing material
or email updates from drownedinsound.com but subsequently change your
mind, you should change this setting via the social tools section of the
Community page. As soon after this as is reasonably practicable, we will
remove your name details from the relevant database.
13. Change of Terms
These terms may be varied from time to time. Please ensure that you
review these terms and conditions regularly as you will be deemed to
have accepted a variation if you continue to use the site after it has
been posted.
14. Governing Law &amp; Jurisdiction
This agreement is governed by the laws of England and the exclusive
jurisdiction of the English courts but we reserve the right to bring
proceedings, which shall be the right of drownedinsound.com exclusively,
in courts of the country where you live.
15. Severability
If any portion of this Agreement is found to be invalid or
unenforceable for any reason, such invalidity or unenforceability shall
not affect the validity or enforceability of any other portion of this
agreement which shall remain in full force and affect.
16. Notices
Any notices must be sent to us in writing at our last known place of
business marked for the attention of the Managing Director.