https://dvdspindoctor.typepad.com/dvd_spin_doctor/privacy-policy-dvd.html
DVD Spin Doctor
Adventures in viewing and reviewing
Home
About
Subscribe
Archives
Privacy Policy for DVD Spin Doctor
Information Collection & Use
Glenn Abel is the sole owner of the information collected on DVD Spin Doctor. The site itself collects a limited amount of personally identifiable information from our users and does not sell or share this information.
Third-party information
DVD Spin Doctor has relationships with Google AdWords and some affiliate programs that we allow to place ads on the site. These ads may contain cookies. As a result, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. DVD Spin Doctor does not have access to this data. For further information, consult Google's privacy policy or those of other advertisers.
Cookies
You can choose not to accept cookies by modifying your browser settings. At any time, you may remove any cookie stored on your hard drive by deleting them in your browser’s settings section.
Surveys or Contests
From time to time we may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on our site.
If you participate, we will request certain personally identifiable information from you. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address).
We use this information to notify contest winners and to ship their prizes. Providers of giveaway materials such as DVDs will be given the names of contest winners but not their contact information. We will not share the personally identifiable information you provide through a contest with any other parties.
Comments
User-submitted names, links and email addresses are collected as is customary in the process of submitting blog comments. This information is used solely to help DVD Spin Doctor protect itself from spam and other abusive posters (via TypePad). DVD Spin Doctor will on occasion use comments and the provided name of the commentor for editorial reasons elsewhere on the site – such as a blog post inspired by the comments.
Communications from the Site
Daily email
If subscribe to our email news service, we will use your email address to send the newsletter to you (via Feedburner).
Out of respect for your privacy, these email provide you with a way to unsubscribe. No more than five times a year, DVD Spin Doctor may choose to communicate with its email subscribers concerning changes or upgrades to the site, or to announce "thank you" contests limited to email subscribers. The list is not shared or sold.
About this DVD blog
Screen & Stream is the new home of DVD Spin Doctor, which has merged with Download Movies 101 at the new site. Please visit Screen & Stream for Blu-ray & DVD reviews -- as well as online video news -- written by bleary-eyed L.A. entertainment writer Glenn Abel.
Get new S&S content via RSS and emailFollow S&S on Twitter
Most popular DVD blog posts
2009: Best Blu-rays, DVDs
Best horror movie DVDs of 2009
Top 10 time travel movies
Top DVDs of 2008
Best horror DVDs of 2008
Most popular DVD reviews
Two Fat Ladies
The Stewardesses 3D
The Little Rascals Collection
The Godfather: Coppola Restoration
Slumdog Millionaire
Payback: Straight Up
Kurosawa's 'Kagemusha' on Blu-Ray
Search
Home video sites
On Video
Hollywood in HiDef
DVD Savant
Dave Kehr
Blu-Ray Player
DVD Talk
Privacy policy
View the blog's privacy page
© 2007-2011 Glenn Abel
DVD Spin Doctor