https://e-voice.org.uk/privacy
About Us
Voice is an easy-to-use website builder available free of charge to all community, not-for-profit, and voluntary organisations.
Go
Login
Open
Home
Go
Home
About Voice
About Voice
How to Apply
Community Websites A-Z
Contact Us
Help
Help
Forums
Documentation
Login
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Scope
This Privacy Policy identifies and describes the way we ("Voice")
use and protect the information we collect
about users. All use of Voice websites are subject to this Privacy Policy.
When you register with Voice, we
ask you to provide some details such as your name and email address. We keep
these details so that we can contact you about Voice
and the sites hosted on it.
If, once you have registered, you then join a site hosted on Voice,
the name and email address that you
registered with will also be available to the webmasters of that site so that
they can contact you about their site.
Your email address is never automatically displayed on public web
pages. If you add content to a site that you have joined (for example by
posting on a discussion forum or commenting on a blog) then your name will be
displayed next to your contribution. You can create a screen name, which
will be displayed instead if you prefer.
Voice agrees
to store and process all personal information it collects from you in
accordance with the latest Data Protection legislation. We are entering a
period in which new legislation is taking effect and there will be new
legislation in the future. For now we have made adjustments to comply with the
new General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and we are monitoring the new
Data Protection Bill.
Anyone running a site on Voice also
has to agree to keep your details private and comply with data protection
legislation. If you believe that your details are being misused by a site
on Voice, you must contact us.
Our Privacy Promise
We promise:
To keep your data safe and private.
Not to sell your data.
To give you ways to manage
and review your marketing choices and email
communications at any time.
To only use your data for
its intended purpose.
To erase your data upon
request.
The Information We Collect, How We Collect It, And How We Use It.
Your registration with the Voice
service and your use of Voice websites creates
the lawful basis for Voice to process your
data. The purpose for processing your data is specified during registration,
and when you join a Voice website.
We may collect different types of personal and other information
based on your use of Voice.
Some examples include:
Contact Information that
allows us to communicate with you, including your name, address, and e-mail
address;
Voice Websites' Usage, Viewing,
and other Technical Information about your use of our network, services,
products or websites.
We collect information when you give it to us when you register with, log in
to, and use our websites.
We may use the information we collect in a variety of ways,
including:
Providing you with the best
user experience possible;
Providing the services you
use, and to respond to your questions;
Communicating with you
regarding service updates and promotions;
Delivering customized
content that may be of interest to you;
Addressing network integrity
and security issues;
Investigating, preventing
or taking action regarding illegal activities, violations of our Terms of
Service, or Acceptable Use Policies.
Online Activity Tracking
We collect information about your activity on Voice
websites for a number of purposes. We use that information to help tailor the
content you see on Voice websites.
Voice may
collect information about your computer or mobile device such as your IP
address, operating system and browser type, for administrative purposes and to
report aggregated anonymised information to our
business users. This is statistical data about the browsing actions, patterns
of users of services (including yourself), but it will not identify you
personally and does not identify any personal details whatsoever.
Information Sharing
With Voice Website Administrators: Subject to applicable legal restrictions, we will share your Personal Information with other
Voice websites when you have explicitly
selected to join said websites to for the purposes of:
Controlling site
membership;
Contacting their members
(if appropriate);
Ensuring your experience is
as seamless as possible.
With Cambridge Open Systems: Cambridge Open Systems supply the Voice system. We share all information held on Voice
with Cambridge Open Systems for the
purposes of:
Maintaining
and running the system;
Providing
technical support.
In Other Circumstances: We
may provide Personal Information to non-Voice
companies or other third parties for purposes such as:
Complying with court orders
and other legal processes;
To assist with identity
verification, and to prevent fraud and identity theft;
Enforcing our agreements
and property rights.
Anonymous & Aggregated Information
We obtain aggregate data by
combining anonymous data that meet certain criteria into groups.
We may share aggregated or
anonymous information in various formats with trusted non-Voice entities, and may work with those entities to do research and provide
products and services.
Safeguarding Your Information: Our Policy on Data Protection and
Security
We do not share your Personal Information with
anyone for any purpose without your explicit permission.
We maintain information
about you in our business records while you are a user, or until it is no
longer needed for business, tax, or legal purposes.
We have implemented
encryption or other appropriate security controls to protect Personal
Information when stored or transmitted by Voice.
We require non-Voice companies acting on our
behalf to protect any Personal Information they may receive in a manner
consistent with this Policy. We do not allow them to use such information for
any purpose other than the original stated purpose for the data.
The data that we collect
from you shall not be transferred to or stored at, a destination outside the
European Economic Area ("EEA"). All information you provide to Voice
is stored on our secure
servers.
You are responsible for
keeping confidential the password that you submit to Voice on registration at the
website. Voice asks that you do not share a password with anyone,
that you regularly change your password, and always adopt a strong password
policy.
Once Voice receives your information,
it will take operational and technical steps and use security procedures to
safeguard and secure it and to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Links to/from Other Web Sites
Voice is
not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our
website, nor the information or content contained therein. Please remember that
when you use a link to go from our website to another website, our Privacy
Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other
website, including those that have a link on our website, is subject to that
website's own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies
before proceeding.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post
those changes on our website to keep you aware of what information we collect,
how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it. Changes to this
Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Access To Information & Customer Service
The GDPR gives you the right to access the information that Voice holds about you.
If you want us to send you details that it holds about you
please write to Cambridge Open Systems, attention: Data Protection Officer at Synegis House, 21 Crockhamwell
Road, Woodley RG5 3LE, UK.
If you have any other questions or concerns about the service
please contact us at privacy@betterpoints.uk or write to us at Cambridge Open
Systems, Privacy Policy, Synegis House, 21 Crockhamwell Road, Woodley RG5 3LE, UK.
Cambridge Open Systems is a trading name of BetterPoints Ltd.
Registered in England and Wales No: 7356214. Registered
address: The Courtyard, Shoreham Road, Upper Beeding,
Steyning, West Sussex, BN44 3TN
Last Updated: 22/05/2018
Free Community Websites | Terms
| Privacy | Cookies
| Leave Feedback