http://ebtg.com/privacy-cookie-policy/
Toggle menu
About
Music
News
Shop
Join
Follow
Photo
Video
Contact
Solo
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Everything But The Girl (EBTG) is committed to delivering the best experience for its fans. As such, EBTG takes its responsibilities in looking after your personal information very seriously. This Privacy Policy explains how EBTG will collect and use your personal information.
What information is collected about you?
Information is collected about you when you join the EBTG mailing list. Information is collected when you provide feedback and participate in competitions. Some website usage information is collected using cookies.
How will the information about you be used?
Information about you is used to e-mail you about releases, tickets, events and other products and services that may be of interest to you. EBTG works with carefully selected third parties who are responsible for delivering certain functions on its behalf, for example companies that help run its website and deliver e-mails. Automated emails are currently sent by Campaign Monitor in accordance with their own privacy policy and terms. When EBTG shares personal data with these providers EBTG requires them to keep it safe and not keep it for any longer than they need to in order to perform their responsibilities. EBTG will never share your personal information with anyone for marketing purposes unconnected with EBTG. You have the right at any time to stop EBTG from contacting you for marketing purposes by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of newsletter.
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of data sent from EBTG’s website and stored on your computer by your web browser while you are browsing. Cookies help show what pages are of interest to you and to improve the website’s usability, so a better service can be built. For more, see the cookie policy.
Access to your information and correction
By clicking on Preferences at the bottom of any newsletter you can see and edit the information you have provided. You can correct or remove information that is inaccurate, or unsubscribe completely. If you have further queries you can use the Contact page at www.ebtg.com.
Changes to privacy policy
EBTG keeps its privacy policy under regular review and will update this web page with any changes. This privacy policy was last updated on 21 May 2018.
How to contact EBTG
Please contact EBTG via the Contact page at www.ebtg.com if you have any questions about its privacy policy or information it holds about you.
Cookie Policy
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small piece of data sent from a website and stored on your computer by your web browser while you are browsing.
How EBTG uses cookies
Cookies are used to show what pages are of interest to you and to improve the website’s usability, so a better service can be delivered.
Information collected
Cookies do not collect any sensitive information such as your name, address, email address. They merely track your anonymous movements around our website so a picture can be built of the number of total visitors, what pages are popular etc.
How do I disable cookies?
To fully disable cookies on our website, you will need to change the settings in your website browser.
Links to other websites
This cookie policy does not cover the links within this site linking to other websites. You are encouraged to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit.
Privacy and Cookie Policy