http://ecers.org/en/policies.html
Toggle navigation
HOME
ABOUT US
Discover us
Statutes
Officers
Council members
Working Groups and Networks
Working GroupsNetworks
Recognition
RecognitionAwardsStudent Speech ContestFellowshipPast Presidents and Past Conference Organisers
International collaborations
MEMBERSHIP
Membership
Full members
Associated members
Become a member
Membership form
EVENTS
Conferences calendar
Endorsement of meetings
NEWS
2020
2019
2018
2017
JOURNALS
Journal of ECerS
Open Ceramics
CONTACT
Contact
HOME
ABOUT US
Discover usStatutesOfficersCouncil membersWorking Groups and NetworksRecognitionInternational collaborations
MEMBERSHIP
MembershipFull membersAssociated membersBecome a memberMembership form
EVENTS
Conferences calendarEndorsement of meetings
NEWS
2020201920182017
JOURNALS
Journal of ECerSOpen Ceramics
CONTACT
Contact
Policies
INTERNAL REGULATION
The European Ceramic Society AISBL, governed by Belgian law, identified under National company number: BE 535 566 197 has sole responsibility for processing data collected via that company’s website: www.ecers.org.
While browsing this website, the user declares that they have been informed that, in accordance with the laws in force, the information that they provide via the forms on the ECerS AISBL website is required to respond to their inquiry and is intended for the departments capable of responding to the inquiry.
To this effect, the information collected on this website will be kept for a period of three years.
As well as this, in accordance with the provisions of the laws in force, users have the right to access, modify, correct, update and delete information about them, which they can exercise by sending an email to ecers@bcrc.be, or a letter to ECerS AISBL - Avenue Gouverneur Cornez 4 – 7000 Mons - Belgium, including the following in the message reference: “Droits des personnes” (“Subjects’ rights”) and including a copy of their ID.
Users also have the right to give instructions about what happens to their personal data, including after their death.
It is also worth pointing out that, in accordance with the laws in force and for legitimate reasons, users can object to any of their data communicated via this website being processed, without reason or payment, for the purposes of marketing.
Users are informed that when they visit the Website www.ecers.org, a cookie may automatically be installed on their browser software. A cookie is a block of data that does not identify users, but is used to record information about their visit to the website.
Users have the right to access, withdraw and modify personal data communicated via cookies in the circumstances described above.
Users of the ECerS AISBL Website must comply with the laws in force, breaches of which are punishable by criminal sanctions. In particular, they must not collect or misuse the personal information to which they have access, or in general do anything that might jeopardise an individual’s privacy or reputation.
PRIVACY POLICY
We take your privacy very seriously.
Thank you for using our services and our Website! Like you, we believe that personal integrity is important, and we take your privacy seriously. This privacy policy is vitally important to us, and it applies to any natural person who shares their personal information directly or indirectly with The European Ceramic Society AISBL by visiting our Website or requesting our services, such as outdoor painting, indoor painting and decorative painting.
The European Ceramic Society AISBL is a company governed by Belgian law, based in Belgium, and, as such, we comply with Belgian legislation on the protection of personal information (1998: 204) which applies European data protection Directive 95/46/EC.
Our registered office is at: Avenue Gouverneur Cornez 4 – 7000 Mons - Belgium. Please feel free to share any questions or concerns you may have about data protection with us, by emailing the following address: ecers@bcrc.be.
In this privacy policy, we describe the types of personal data that might be processed, and for what purpose. We also explain the choices you have when it comes to how we process personal data, and how you can find out more (about how data is processed and your rights).
SCOPE OF THE PRIVACY POLICY
Please note that this privacy policy relates to the processing of personal information for which the European Ceramic Society AISBL is the Data Controller, in other words, only when the European Ceramic Society AISBL decides the purposes and resources relating to processing this personal data.
To avoid any ambiguity, please note that this privacy policy does not relate to any processing of personal data that the European Ceramic Society AISBL might carry out as a subcontractor resulting from your use of our services.
To get more information about how our services might be used to facilitate the processing of your personal data, and about the European Ceramic Society AISBL’s responsibilities and commitments, please refer to the applicable terms and conditions.
PERSONAL DATA PROCESSED
Personal data refers to data that identifies you as a private individual. We may need to process the following types of personal data:
- Your identification data, which includes your name, email address and telephone number.
- User details: for example, if you log in to our service or if you visit our Website. In this case, this data might include your IP address, type of peripheral device used, browser, time zone and geographical location, as well as your interests and preferences regarding how you interact with our services. For example, the functions used and buttons clicked on.
- Other information that we receive from your communication.
PURPOSES OF PROCESSING
We process your personal data for the following purposes:
- To provide our services in accordance with applicable conditions.
- To manage the business relationship with you and the contact/partner of the European Ceramic Society AISBL that you represent.
- To develop and improve our services.
- To provide information and offers for current and potential contacts/partners of the European Ceramic Society AISBL, including via chosen third parties.
To avoid any ambiguity, any marketing material distributed using your personal data has been sent to you as a representative of a current or potential contact/partner of the European Ceramic Society AISBL, and not to you as a private individual.
YOUR RIGHTS
We are obliged to process specific, relevant and necessary elements, taking into account legitimate purposes. You also have the right to monitor us.
In order to update your personal data (processed by us), please contact us via the following email address: ecers@bcrc.be. To receive a copy of your personal data (processed by us) free of charge, please send us a signed letter outlining your request to the postal address for the European Ceramic Society AISBL. Please note that this text is the sole responsibility of the European Ceramic Society AISBL and not the company EAsy-Concept SPRL, which created its website, at its request.
European Ceramic Society AISBL
Av. Gouverneur Cornez , 4
B-7000 Mons
Belgium
Tel.: +32 (0)65 403421
Fax: +32 (0)65 403458
E-mail: v.huart@bcrc.be or ecers@bcrc.be
Newsletter
Subscribe and receive our latest news.
Follow us
FAQ's
About
Contact
Privacy
Policies // Website by Easy-concept
Login:Password:Authorization failed. User with this password does not existRemember password:Interface language:EnglishFrançaisRussianNederlands
Please use Firefox browser for admin login.ArtWhere offers you services in Content Management System, CMS, Design, Web positioning and Hosting . © ArtWhere s.a.Neo-CMS ver 1.99193 © ArtWhere s.a.