https://edbyrne.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About Ed
Shop
Blog
Live Dates
TV & Radio
Pictures & Videos
Home
About Ed
Shop
Blog
Live Dates
TV & Radio
Pictures & Videos
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. To help you protect it, and understand what’s happening when you visit this site, you need to know about cookies.
When you visit the site, you see a banner asking you to accept cookies. When you accept this, our website places a cookie on your device. Cookies are pieces of code that websites use to track users’ behaviour. They tell us things like the keywords users search for to find our site, the pages on our site that users spend most time on, and where in the world our users are located. Cookies can also collect information about how you shop online, and can be used to track your browsing between sites, so that content, such as advertising, can be tailored to your browsing habits.
For detailed information on cookies and how they work, visit the International Chamber of Commerce Cookie Guide for the UK.
You can manage your cookie settings and other privacy settings from your browser. To find out how, check your preferred browser’s support pages. However, if you change your cookie settings, you may find it difficult to access some websites.
EdByrne.com uses cookies to analyse and optimise your content when you visit this site. We do not share your information with third parties. The data we collect is used for the following purposes only:
Reporting how visitors find and use our website
Understanding how visitors navigate and experience our website
Helping us to keep our website up to date and easy to use
If you subscribe to our mailing list, we will store your email address and use it to send you email about Ed Byrne from time to time. We will not do anything else with your email address, and we will not let anyone else use it. Any time you get an email from us, it will contain a link to allow you to unsubscribe from future emails.
This privacy policy is in effect from 25th May 2018 and is subject to change without notice.
For more information, please contact us at web@bringdigital.co.uk
follow me on...
© 2009-2020 Ed Byrne
Contact Ed's Management
Vivienne Smith 0870 240 5660
or 07768 878 317
or mail@viviennesmith.com
For PR enquiries, contact
Bex Colwell on 07747 055227
or via bexcolwell@yahoo.com
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Ok, thanks