http://edsitement.neh.gov/about/privacy
Skip to main content
NEH.GOV
NEH-Edsitement
Close
Main Menu
Lesson Plans & Curricula
Contribute a Lesson Plan
Student Activities
Teacher's Guides
Closer Readings Commentary
About EDSITEment
Contact EDSITEment
Media Resources
American Heroes
A More Perfect Union
National History Day
Search this Section
EDSITEment is a project of the National Endowment for the Humanities
Facebook
Twitter
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting EDSITEment and reviewing our privacy policy. Maintaining the privacy of our visitors is important to us, and our privacy policy is clear. We will collect no personal information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide that information to us.
Here is how we handle information about your visit to our website. As you can see, the information we receive depends upon what you do when visiting our site:
I. Information Collected and Stored Automatically
If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the website, read pages, or download information, we will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically. This information does not identify you personally. We automatically collect and store only the following information about your visit:
the internet domain (for example, "xcompany.com" if you use a private Internet access account, or "your school.edu" if you conect from a university or school) and IP address from which you access our website (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the web); depending on how you connect to the Internet, it may be the address of your computer or the address of a computer owned by your Internet Service Provider, educational institution, or place of business.
the type of browser and operating system used to access our site;
the date and time you access our site;
the pages you visit; and
if you linked to the NEH website from another website, the address of that website. We use this information to help us make our site more useful to visitors and to learn about the number of visitors to our site and the types of technology our visitors use. We do not track or record information about individuals and their visits.
II. If You Provide Personal Information
If you choose to provide us with personal information as in an e-mail message or by filling in our form to join EDSITEment's mailing list, we use that information to respond to your message and to add your name and address to our mailing list in order to send you electronic and print EDSITEment announcements.
Please note that other websites participating in EDSITEment may collect data or personal information. Once you link to another site, you are subject to the privacy policy of the new site. If you decide to access any site linked to this site, you do so entirely at your own risk. For additional information about our linking policy, please review our Standard Disclaimer for External Links and Non-Federal Resources.
Information collected by the Endowment will not be used for commercial or marketing purposes; data, however, may be used for educational and scholarly research.
III. No Personal Information Collected from Children
Our policy is to not collect personal information from children, meaning those under 18 years of age, through the "EDSITEment" website. We at the National Endowment for the Humanities are especially concerned about protecting children's privacy. We hope parents and teachers are involved in children's Internet explorations. The "EDSITEment" website contains resources for teachers with information, lesson plans, and classroom activities for students and families, but these activities do not involve the online collection of personal information from children.
IV. Other Web Measurement and Customization Tools
NEH uses CrazyEgg to obtain information on how visitors are interacting with EDSITEment pages. This allows NEH to evaluate and to modify its websites to improve value and usability. The data CrazyEgg collects includes information about how visitors navigate around a web page and the most commonly clicked links on a specific web page. CrazyEgg does not collect personally identifiable information. The CrazyEgg Privacy Policy is available at https://www.crazyegg.com/privacy. Instructions for how to opt-out of tracking by CrazyEgg when you visit edsitement.neh.gov are available at: https://www.crazyegg.com/opt-out.