http://elizabeth-berg.com/privacy-policy-2
Privacy PolicyHomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Update: May 11, 2015
Privacy Policy: We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. Please read our Terms Of Use for more information.
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this web site: Elizabeth-Berg.com.
IP Address
We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site.
Information Collection
Elizabeth S. Berg is the sole owner of the information collected by Elizabeth-Berg.com. Elizabeth-Berg.com collects information from our users at several different points on our Web site, i.e. for products or services.
Sharing Personal Information with Third Parties
We will never sell or give away your personal information to third parties for purposes of building contact lists, or anything of that nature, without your permission. Elizabeth-Berg.com stands firmly against any transfer of personal information for reasons of building the contact lists of third parties.
Business Transition Exception
In the event that Elizabeth-Berg.com goes through a business transition, such as a merger, or being acquired by another company, users’ personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred.
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site.
“Cookies”
We do not keep cookies. No financial information (such as the customer’s account or credit card numbers) is collected from the visitor by Elizabeth-Berg.com.
Children
Elizabeth-Berg.com does not knowingly collect or solicit personally identifiable information from or about children under 13 except as permitted by law. If we discover we have received any information from a child under 13 in violation of this policy, we will delete that information immediately. If you believe Elizabeth-Berg.com has any information from or about anyone under 13, please contact us at:
Elizabeth Berg
971-239-3032
Links
This site contains links to other sites. Elizabeth-Berg.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of other Web sites. Elizabeth S. Berg is not responsible for any content on any linked sites or for any goods or services available from them.
Elizabeth S. Berg works hard to ensure that the information contained on our web pages is accurate, relevant and of the high quality that our visitors have come to expect.
We are aware of software that exists which will create external links from our content to what they consider to be related material, which other companies have paid to have shown. We are not responsible for the quality of this software or the nature of the material that it links to. We emphasize that we are strictly against this form of unmoderated and unregulated link advertising and strictly prohibit its use within our site content.
We collect visitor’s contact information (such as their name and email address). Contact information from the email is used to answer customer’s questions about products, send orders and information about our company to our customers. The customer’s contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Changes to this Policy
Elizabeth-Berg.com reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of our site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. Information collected prior to the time any change is posted will be used according to the rules and laws that applied at the time the information was collected.
Governing Law
This policy and the use of this Site are governed by Oregon law. If a dispute arises under this Policy we agree to first try to resolve it with the help of a mutually agreed-upon mediator in the following location: Newberg, Oregon. Any costs and fees other than attorney fees associated with the mediation will be shared equally by each of us. If it proves impossible to arrive at a mutually satisfactory solution through mediation, we agree to submit the dispute to binding arbitration at the following location: Newberg, Oregon, under the rules of the American Arbitration Association. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitration may be entered in any court with jurisdiction to do so. Elizabeth-Berg.com is controlled, operated and administered entirely within Oregon.
This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.
Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact me at:
Elizabeth Berg
Phone: 971-239-3032
Home
About Me
Testimonials
Contact Me