http://endor.org/privacy.html
I, Gerrit Kruidhof, recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of all
information provided by users of my web sites, subscribers to my mailing lists,
registrants for the yearbooks, and all of my web site visitors. I created this
policy with a fundamental respect for the users’ right to privacy and to guide
my relationship with my web site visitors. This privacy statement discloses the
privacy practices for all sections of endor.org and all affiliated web sites
controlled by myself.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
Endor.org collects information from the website users, subscribers and
customers. In this section of the privacy policy, I will describe the type of
information I collect and how I use it to provide better services to the
customers.
E-mail Mailing Lists
If users wish to subscribe to the e-mail mailing lists, I ask for contact
information (such as name, e-mail address, etc). Recipients of the mailing list
can unsubscribe using the instructions listed at the end of each and every
e-mail sent out. For internal purposes, I use this information to communicate
with users and provide requested services, and, on occaision for the website
visitors, to provide a more personalized experience on the sites.
Surveys and Contests
From time to time I invite users to provide information via surveys or contests.
Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user
therefore has a choice whether to disclose requested contact information (such
as name and mailing address) and demographic information (such as zip code or
job title). In addition to other uses set forth in this policy, contact
information collected in connection with surveys and contests is used to notify
the winners and award prizes, to monitor or improve the use and satisfaction of
the site, and may be shared with sponsors of such surveys or contests.
Interactive Features
At some of the sites, I offer interactive and community features such as
discussion boards, and user profiles. Note that all personal information sent or
posted via such features becomes public information for which I are not
responsible.
Tell-A-Friend
If users elect to use the referral service for informing a friend about the
sites and services, I may ask them for the friend's name and e-mail address. I
will not store this information but will use it immediately to send the friend
an invitation.
Communications with Us
I have features where users can submit information to us (such as the feedback
forms). Any e-mail and form submissions may be made public. I may retain e-mails
and other information sent to us for the internal administrative purposes, and
to help make the web site better.
WITH WHOM YOUR INFORMATION IS SHARED
With the exception of information made public on the web site as stated above,
no personal information is shared with anyone else.  All mailing lists are
kept on my server and will never be sold to any outside party, partner, or
affiliate.  Your information will be used solely for the purpose it was
intended, whether it be to display it on the yearbooks, send you e-mails when
web sites are updated, or other described features.
I may share aggregate information, which is not personally identifiable, with
others. This information may include usage data, but it will not include
personal information. The most likely purpose of this is to state the number of
visitors/users/hits/etc for a stated period of time to
partners/affiliates/vendors/etc.
CORRECTION/UPDATING PERSONAL INFORMATION
If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code,
e-mail address, etc), or if a user no longer desires the product(s)/service(s),
I provide a way to correct or update that user's personal data. If you have
trouble doing this, feel free to e-mail me at webmaster@endor.org to do this for
you.
SECURITY
I use reasonable precautions to protect the users' personal information and to
store it securely. Access to all of the users' information, not just the
sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted.  The servers on which
I store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
LINKS
The web sites contain links to other sites. I am not responsible for the privacy
practices or content of such other sites. I encourage the users to be aware when
they leave the site and to read the privacy statements of each web site to which
I may link that may collect personally identifiable information.
NOTIFICATION and CHANGES
If I change the privacy policy, I will post those changes on this page so the
users are aware of what information I collect, how I use it and under which
circumstances, if any, I disclose it. Users should check this policy frequently
to keep abreast of any changes.
For questions about this privacy statement, contact:
Gerrit Kruidhof
1112 San Pedro Dr NE #204
Albuquerque, NM  87110
505-205-1318
webmaster@endor.org