https://enewsi.com/privacy.php
Entertainment News International Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important. To better inform you we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used by Entertainment News International (ENI) websites which are specific to the following domains, related sub-domains, and or any that redirect to one of the following:
enewsi.com
jediinsider.com
marvelousnews.com
tformers.com
toynewsi.com
Data Security
ENI does its best to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. While ee are limitedby the techology and solutions developed by our hosting and software providers, we work with them in an on-going capacity provide the latest updates.
Protecting Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we do not allow or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13. No part of our website is structured to allow anyone under 13. We do our best honor the COPPA guidelines - Read More about COPPA Here.
Information ENI Collects
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on any ENI website. On our community forums where members register to comment, post and share user content. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Community User Name
Contact Email Address
Account Login Credentials such as secure passwords, cookies and login sessions
Optional social network links for Facebook, Twitter, and Others
Optional profile details on forum related favorites and preferences
The Way We Use Information
ENI uses the information you provide about yourself when signing up for an account with an ENI forum. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to support the sites. ENI uses return email addresses strictly to respond to emails received and send updates about the community. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
Access Or Update Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by logging into your profile and accessing your control panel. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
Remove Your Information
You can contact us if you would like your account closed. Once we have verified your identity, we can remove all your personal details and IP on request.
Cookie policy
This website will store some information about your preferences on your own computer inside a tiny file called a cookie. A cookie is a small piece of data that a website asks your browser to store on your computer or mobile device.The cookie allows the website to remember your actions or preferences over time.
You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer, and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. However, if you do this, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site, and some services and functionalities may not work.
Most browsers support cookies, but you can set your browser to decline them and can delete them whenever you like.You can find instructions here for how you can do that on various browsers.
This website uses cookies to:
Identify you as a returning user and to count your visits in traffic statistics analysis
Remember your custom display preferences (such as whether you prefer comments to display all-collapsed or not)
Provide other usability features, including tracking whether you've already given your consent to cookies
Enabling cookies is not strictly necessary for the website to work but it will provide you with a better browsing experience.
The cookie-related information is not used to identify you personally and is not used for any purpose other than those described here.
There may also be other types of cookies created after you've visited this website. This site uses Google Analytics, a popular web analytics service that uses cookies to help to analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of other website, compiling reports on website activity, and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google undertakes not to associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
Third Party Advertising
This site has third-party advertising companies serving ads to you when you visit. These companies may store information about your visits here and to other websites in order to provide you with relevant advertisements about goods and services. For example, if they know what ads you are shown while visiting this site, they can be careful not to show you the same ones repeatedly.
These companies may employ cookies and other identifiers to gather information which measures advertising effectiveness. The information is generally not personally identifiable unless, for example, you provide personally identifiable information to them through an ad or an email message.
They do not associate your interaction with unaffiliated sites with your identity in providing you with interest-based ads.
This site does not provide any personal information to advertisers or to third party sites. Advertisers and other third-parties (including the ad networks, ad-serving companies, and other service providers they may use) may assume that users who interact with or click on a personalized ad or content are part of the group that the ad or content is directed towards (for example, readers in the Pacific Northwest who read certain types of articles). Also, some third-party cookies may provide them with information about you (such as the sites where you have been shown ads or demographic information) from offline and online sources that they may use to provide you more relevant and useful advertising.
To learn more about what options you have about limiting the gathering of information by third-party ad networks, you can consult the website of the Network Advertising Initiative.
You can opt out of participating in interest-based advertising networks, but opting out does not mean you will no longer receive online advertising. It does mean that the companies from which you opted out will no longer customize ads based on your interests and web usage patterns using cookie-based technology.
Sharing Information
This site does not sell, rent, or disclose to outside parties the information collected here, except as follows:
(a) Affiliated Service Providers: This site has agreements with various affiliated service providers to facilitate the functioning of the site. For example, the site may share your credit card information with the credit card service provider to process your purchase. All administrative service providers that this site uses are required to have the same level of privacy protection as this site does, and therefore your information will be handled with the same level of care. Additionally, for example, this site may use analytic or marketing services such as Google Analytics, Google Adsense, Taboola, or RevContent, to which collection you hereby unconditionally consent.
(b) Where required by law: This site may share the collected information where required by law, specifically in response to a demand from government authorities where such demand meets the legal requirements.
(c) Statistical Analysis: This site may share Non-Personal Information and aggregated information with third parties, including but not limited to for advertising or marketing purposes. No Personal Information will be shared in this manner.
(d) Transactions: In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition, or in any other situation where Personal Information may be disclosed or transferred as a business asset.
How To Opt Out Of Interest-Based Advertising
Opting Out of Interest-Based Advertising Services: This website is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative(NAI) and adheres to the NAI Codes of Conduct as described on the NAI website. This website also adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Self-Regulatory Principles. For a description of the DAA Program, please visit theDAA website.
Opting Out of Interest-Based Advertising by Third Parties: To find out more about interest-based advertising on the internet and how to opt out of information collection for this purpose by companies that participate in the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance, visit NAI's opt-out page or DAA's Consumer Choice Page.
Modification of ENI Policy
This policy may be modified at any time at the sole discretion of the Provider. Upon modification of this policy, the User has two weeks (14 days) to terminate their account with the Provider or it will constitute acceptance of the modifications.
How To Contact ENI
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please contact ENI by filling the Contact Us Form.
Entertainment News International (ENI) is the #1 popular culture network for adult fans all around the world.
Get the scoop on all the popular comics, games, movies, toys, and more every day!
Contact and Support
Advertising |
Submit News |
Contact ENI |
Privacy Policy
©Entertainment News International - All images, trademarks, logos, video, brands and images used on this website are registered trademarks of their respective companies and owners. All Rights Reserved. Data has been shared for news reporting purposes only. All content sourced by fans, online websites, and or other fan community sources. Entertainment News International is not responsible for reporting errors, inaccuracies, omissions, and or other liablities related to news shared here. We do our best to keep tabs on infringements. If some of your content was shared by accident. Contact us about any infringements right away - CLICK HERE