http://englishbeat.net/privacy-policy/
Main menu
Skip to primary content
Skip to secondary content
Home
News
Tour
History
Band
Discography
Lyrics
Photos
Videos
herewegolove
Privacy Policy
Contact
Effective Date: May 23, 2018 24:00 GMT
Welcome to The English Beat’s (“The English Beat,” “we,” “us” or “our”) new, bespoke GDPR and Data Protection Act 2018 compliant Privacy Policy (the “Policy”).
The Policy explains how we collect, use, share and protect your personal information when you access or use The English Beat’s applications, services, Website, any software or application programming interfaces (each, a “Service”). In addition, this Policy describes your choices about the collection and use of your information. Our Policy applies to all visitors, users, and others who access the Service (“Users”).
Acceptance
By accessing any Service you are confirming that you agree with our privacy practices as described in this Policy. If you do not agree with this Policy please stop accessing or using our Service.
Changes to our privacy policy
We may modify or update this Policy from time to time, with or without notice, so please review it periodically. If we do elect to provide notice, we may do so via any appropriate means, such as an email notice to the most recent email address we have on file on you. Your continued use of a Service after any modification to this Policy will constitute your acceptance of such modification.
Information we collect
Personal information is any information that identifies your or makes you identifiable. Any information that is anonymized or aggregated should no longer be considered personal information. We may collect the following types of information:
Information you provide us directly:
1.	Account information. If you contact us by email, join a mailing list, or are given an opportunity to sign up for our Service, we may collect your name, e-mail address, and other personal identifiers.
2.	Profile Information. You can provide us with whatever information you believe it appropriate given the circumstances (e.g., first and last name, phone number, etc.). This information is provided by you voluntarily, and allows us the opportunity to provide you with an appropriate response.
3.	Payment Details. If you are given an opportunity to make a purchase via our Service, we will also collect your payment card number, security code, expiration date, cardholder name and billing address.
4.	Communications Between Users and The English Beat. We collect any communications between us, including any files or attachments we exchange. For example, we may send you Service-related emails (e.g., account verification, changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices).
5.	Geolocation Data. We reserve the right to collect geolocation data so from time to time we may be able to draw inferences from such data, e.g., for the purpose of making certain information available in a given locale, scheduling, tour-dates.
Information we automatically collect about you:
1.	Activity Data. We collect information about your use of a Service through third-party analytics tools. These tools collect information sent by your device or our Service, including the web pages you visit, and other information that assists us in improving the Service. We anonymize or aggregate such information so that it cannot reasonably be used to identify any individual User.
2.	Cookies and Similar Technologies. When you access a Service, we may use cookies and similar technologies like pixels, web beacons, and local storage to collect information about how you use it. Also, we may ask advertisers or other partners to serve ads or services to your devices, which may use cookies or similar technologies placed by us or the third party. For example, we employ a variety of cookies and trackers on our Website for Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, ReverbNation, Google Analytics, AppNexus, et al. which monitor traffic and such.
3.	Log File Information. Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you make a request to access our Website. It can also be provided when the content of the webpage or app is downloaded to your browser or device. When you use our Service, our servers automatically record certain log file information, including your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Service, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information.
4.	Device Information. When you use a mobile device (e.g., a tablet or smartphone) to access our Website, we may access, collect, monitor, store on your device, and/or remotely store one or more “device identifiers.” Device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your mobile device, which uniquely identify your mobile device. A device identifier may be data stored in connection with the device hardware, data stored in connection with the device’s operating system or other software, or data sent to the device owned or operated by The English Beat. A device identifier may deliver information to us or to a third party partner about how you browse and use the Service and may help us or others provide reports or personalized content and ads. Some features of the Service may not function properly if use or availability of device identifiers is impaired or disabled.
5.	Metadata. Metadata is usually technical data that is associated with User Content. For example, metadata can describe how, when and by whom a piece of User Content was collected and how that content is formatted. We may add or may have metadata added to User Content including a hashtag, geotag (e.g., to mark your location to a photo), comments or other data. This makes your User Content more searchable by others and more interactive. If your image has a geotag your photo, your latitude and longitude will be stored with the photo and searchable (e.g., through a location or map feature).
Information we obtain about you from third party sources:
1.	Third-Party Services. Upon your request, we may collect or share information about you or others from or with third-party products or services integrated into our Service. For example, by clicking on the appropriate link, you can request us to import your contact information from your Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, Instagram, Spotify or email account.
2.	Third-Party Marketing Partners and Social Media Platforms. Like many companies, we may engage in marketing activities that may result in collection of your personal information. We may collect publicly available information, such as your public social media profiles or other content available on the Internet. Collecting such information helps us better understand your interest and preferences so that we can improve the accuracy of our information about you, better understand your needs, and improve your experience.
How we use your information
In addition to some of the specific uses of personal information we describe in this Privacy Policy, we may use information that we receive to:
1.	Provide the Services. We may process your personal information to provide you with personalized information concerning The English Beat.
We cannot provide you with a personalized response without first processing your personal information.
2.	Send Service-related Communications. We may send you administrative or account-related information to keep you updated about any Service you regularly use. Such communications may include confirmation of a transaction, security updates, changes in policy, or other relevant information. Service-related communications are not promotional, therefore they are not marketing communications. You cannot unsubscribe from service-related communications because they are important and can affect the way you use the Service.
3.	Enforce our Terms, Agreements or Policies. When you access a certain Service, you agree to certain terms, agreements and policies (collectively, the “Terms”). We process your personal information to enforce such Terms, including any agreements with third party partners. Furthermore, we reserve the right to actively monitor, investigate, prevent or mitigate any alleged or actual prohibited, illicit or illegal activities on or in connection with our Service. We cannot render the Service without such processing.
4.	Provide Customer Support. We use any personal information you provide to us when you contact us for customer support, or any other reason (e.g., diagnose or fix technology problems, to provide feedback, notify us of a dispute, etc.). Without processing your personal information for such purposes, we cannot respond to you or ensure your continued use and enjoyment of the Service.
5.	Secure our Services. Your personal information is important to us. To maintain the security of the Service, we may process your personal information to combat spam, malware, malicious activities or security risks. In addition, we may monitor and verify your identity to prevent unauthorized access, and generally process your personal information to improve the security of our Service. We cannot provide the Service securely without such processing.
6.	Conduct Research and Product Development. We process your personal information to provide, improve, test, and monitor the effectiveness of the Service, and to develop and test new products and features. We take additional security measures when processing your personal information for such purposes, such as by de-identifying (or “pseudonymizing”) your personal information and limiting access to our personnel to such data. Without such processing, we may not be able to ensure your continued enjoyment of part or all of our Service.
7.	Engage in Marketing Activities. We may process your personal information on our Service to: send you marketing communications; run contests, special offers or other events or activities (“Events”) on the Service; deliver targeted marketing to you; provide you with information about events, tours, recording releases, or other materials; and to keep you updated about our Service. When you share your friends’ or business partners’ contact information with us, we may reach out to them on your behalf in accordance with applicable laws. If you do not want to participate in an Event, send an email to with your username and/or email address associated with your account to info@englishbeat.net. You can unsubscribe from marketing communications at any time and without charge.
8.	Maintain Legal or Regulatory Compliance. Our Service is subject to laws and regulations that require us to process your personal information, such as to pay our taxes, fulfill our business obligations, comply with recruitment and employment laws, or to manage risk on our Service as required by applicable law. We cannot provide you with the Service without processing your personal information for such purposes, otherwise we risk noncompliance with the law.
Before we use your personal information for purposes not described in this Policy, we will disclose such other purposes to you prior to our processing. You may choose not to allow us to process your personal information for any purposes that are not compatible with the purposes for which we originally collected your personal information or subsequently obtained your consent. However, you should be aware that if you choose to limit how we use your personal information, part of all of a Service may not be available to you.
Sharing of your information
We will not rent or sell your information to third parties outside The English Beat without your consent, except as noted in this Policy.
Transfer of your information
When you access or use our Service, your information may be processed in the United States or any other country in which The English Beat, our affiliates or service providers maintain facilities. Such countries or jurisdictions may have data protection laws that are less protective than the laws of the jurisdiction in which you reside. If you do not want your information transferred to, processed, or maintained outside of the country or jurisdiction where you are located, you should immediately stop using the Service.
Children’s privacy
The English Beat does not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 18 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Service. The Service and its content are not directed at children under the age of 18. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 18 without parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 18, please contact us at info@englishbeat.net.
Security
We use commercially reasonable safeguards to help keep the information collected through the Service secure. However, The English Beat cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to us or guarantee that information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed.
Please do your part to help us. You are responsible for controlling access to emails between you and The English Beat at all times. Your privacy settings may also be affected by changes the social media services you connect to The English Beat make to their services. We are not responsible for the functionality, privacy, or security measures of any other organization.
Retention
Following your cessation of your use of the Service, The English Beat, its Affiliates, or its Service Providers may retain your personal information for a commercially reasonable time for backup, archival, and/or audit purposes, or as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, or enforce our agreements. Otherwise we will try to delete your personal information upon your request or when we no longer need it for the purposes we originally collected it for. We will not delete any personal information that you share with other users, unless such other users also wish to delete their personal information at the same time. Any photos you publicly submit to the Service will be kept and may be displayed on the Service (or displayed in the future) unless you specifically request to have these images removed. To request image removal, you must send an email to info@englishbeat.net along with the email address you provided when you submitted the image(s).
We recognize that retention requirements can vary between jurisdictions, but we generally apply the retention periods described below.
1.	Marketing Contact Information. We will retain your marketing contact information until you unsubscribe from our marketing communications. Upon your request to unsubscribe, we will store your contact information on our suppression list to ensure we do not send you marketing communications in the future.
2.	Activity Data. We collect information about your interactions with our Service and any User content you create, post or share on our Service, which we may store indefinitely after the closure of your account for the establishment or defense of legal claims, audit, or fraud and/or crime prevention purposes.
3.	Web Behavior Data. Any cookie information, including information collected via web beacons, flash cookies, or pixels, is retained up to two years from expiry of the cookie or the date of collection.
4.	Telephone Records. As required by applicable law, we will provide notice on any telephone call with you if we intend to record the call. Such recordings will be stored for a period of up to six years.
If you have any questions about termination or deactivation of your account, please contact us directly at info@englishbeat.net.
Other web sites and services
We are not responsible for the practices employed by any Websites or services linked to or from our Service, including the information or content contained within them. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Service to another Website or service, our Policy does not apply to those third-party Websites or services, even if they are offered within or through our Service.
Your browsing and interaction on any third-party Website or service, including those that have a link on our Website, are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies.
In addition, you agree that we are not responsible and do not have control over any third-parties that you authorize to access your User content.
Public information
By using our Service you understand and agree that we are providing a platform for you to post content, including photos, comments and other materials (“User Content”), to the Service and to share User Content publicly. This means that other Users may search for, see, use, or share any of your User Content that you make publicly available through the Service, consistent with the terms and conditions of this Policy.
“DO-NOT-TRACK”
We do not track or respond to browser “DO-NOT-TRACK” requests.
Your California privacy rights
Under California Civil Code Sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of personal information which we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes, and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to: The English Beat, ATTN PRIVACY NOTICE, 1875 Century Park East, Suite 2150, Los Angeles, CA 90067.
Notice to individuals in the European economic area and Switzerland
This section only applies to Users of our Service that are located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom and/or Switzerland (collectively, the “Designated Countries”) at the time of data collection.
We may ask you to identify which country you are located in when you use or access all or any portion of the Service, or we may rely on your IP address to identify which country you are located in. When we rely on your IP address, we cannot apply the terms of this section to any User that masks or otherwise hides their location information from us so as not to appear located in the Designated Countries. If any terms in this section conflict with other terms contained in this Policy, the terms in this section shall apply to Users in the Designated Countries.
Our Relationship to You. The English Beat is a data controller with regard to any personal information collected from Users of its Service. A “data controller” is an entity that determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information is processed. Any third parties that handle your personal information in accordance with our instructions are our service providers and are “data processors.”
You are a “User.” Users are individuals providing personal information to us via our Service, such as by signing up for our newsletter(s), or otherwise accessing or using our Service.
When you use our Service, you may invite end users or collect information via our Service about others – this is call “end user” information. We are not responsible for how you collect, store, or otherwise process end user information on our Service. You are responsible for end user information and ensuring you are processing such information in compliance with all applicable laws.
Legal Bases for Processing Personal Information.
The legal bases for processing your personal information include, without limitation, the following:
•	Our contractual obligations.
•	Our legitimate interest to better understand a User, to maintain and improve the accuracy of the information we store about a User, and to better promote or optimize our Service.
•	Our legal obligations, the public interest, or in your vital interests.
Marketing. We will only contact individuals located in the Designated Countries by electronic means (including email or SMS) based on our legitimate interests, as permitted by applicable law, or the individual’s consent. When we rely on legitimate interest, we will only send you information about our Service that is similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale or negotiations of a sale to you.
If you do not want us to use your personal information in this way, or to disclose your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes, please click an unsubscribe link in your emails, or contact us at info@englishbeat.net. You can object to direct marketing at any time and free of charge.
Individual Rights. We provide you with the rights described below when you use our Service. We may limit your individual rights requests (a) where denial of access is required or authorized by law; (b) when granting access would have a negative impact on other’s privacy; (c) to protect our rights and properties; or (4) where the request is frivolous or burdensome.
If you would like to exercise your rights under applicable law, please contact us at info@englishbeat.net. Your rights may include:
1.	Your right to withdraw consent. For any consent-based processing of your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. A withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of our processing or the processing of any third parties based on consent before your withdrawal.
2.	Your right of access. Upon your request, we will seek to provide you with a copy of your personal information in our files without undue delay and free of charge. Your access may limited to the extent it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of other individuals.
3.	Your right to rectification (or “correction”). You may request to correct or update any of your personal information in our files. We may provide you with the ability to update some or all of your personal information directly via a Service.
4.	Your “Right to be Forgotten”. Upon your request, we will erase any of your personal information in our files that: is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed; was collected in relation to processing that you previously consented to, but later withdrew such consent; or was collected in relation to processing activities to which you object, and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for our processing.
5.	Your right to restriction. You have the right to restrict our processing of your personal information where one of the following conditions applies:
o	You contest the accuracy of your personal information that we processed. If you restrict processing based on this condition, you may experience an interruption of some or all of a Service during the period necessary for us to verify the accuracy of your personal information;
o	The processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of your personal information and request the restriction of its use instead;
o	We no longer need your personal information for the purposes of the processing, but it is required by you to establish, exercise or defense of legal claims; or
o	You have objected to processing, pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of our processing override your rights.
During the time which restriction of processing applies, we will only process your restricted personal information with your consent or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest. We will inform you if or when the restriction is lifted.
6.	Your right to object to processing. You may object to our processing at any time and as permitted by applicable law if we process your personal information on the legal bases of: consent; contract; or legitimate interests. We may continue to process your personal information if it is necessary for the defense of legal claims, or for any other exceptions permitted by applicable law.
7.	Your right to data portability. If we process your personal information based in a contract with you or based on your consent, or the processing is carried out by automated means, you may request to receive your personal information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and to have us transfer your personal information directly to another “controller,” where technically feasible, unless exercise of this right adversely affects the rights and freedoms of others. Your right to data portability only applies to personal information provided by you to us.
8.	Notification to third parties. When we fulfill your individual rights requests for correction (or rectification), erasure or restriction of processing, we will notify third parties also handling the relevant personal information unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. Upon your request, we will identify such third parties.
Transfer of Your Personal Information. We transfer your personal information subject to appropriate safeguards as permitted under the Data Protection Laws. Specifically, when your personal information is transferred out of the Designated Countries, we have the required contractual provisions for transferring personal information in place with the third-parties to which your information is transferred. For such transfers, we rely on legal transfer mechanisms such as Standard Contractual Clauses or we work with U.S. based third parties that are certified under the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework.
Right to Lodge Complaint. If you believe we have infringed or violated your privacy rights, please contact us so that we may resolve your dispute directly at info@englishbeat.net. You also have a right to lodge a complaint with a competent supervisory authority situated in a Member State of your habitual residence, place of work, or place of alleged infringement.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Service, please contact our webmaster at info@englishbeat.net.
Thank you for accessing our Service and please continue to enjoy The English Beat!
Englishbeat.net©2012-2016//DaveWakeling.com©2000-2016
Dave Wakeling/TEB, LLC
This site designed and created by L. Kahn & P. Welch
TheBeatUK.com©1994-2016//Englishbeat.net©2012-2016 L. Kahn
All BeatUK.com content used under license, all rights reserved
L.Kahn/TheBeatUK.com