https://eno.org/privacy-notice/
Read our Privacy and Cookie Notices: make sure you keep control of your data and that you are clear about how we use it.
I understand
1. Our privacy commitment to you
Here at ENO, we are committed to protecting your privacy whilst providing you with a personalised and valuable experience. ENO will always process data in a lawful and fair manner, and this notice is an important part of our commitment to keeping you fully informed about how we use your information.
We do everything we can to keep your information secure and use it only for the purposes outlined in the Privacy Notice and as you intend.
We have created this Privacy Notice to give you the answers to privacy issues that may concern you when you provide personal information to ENO. We may occasionally change this Privacy Notice so please check it from time to time. If you are under 13 years of age, please make sure that you obtain your parent or guardian’s consent before providing personal information.
One you have read this Privacy Notice, if you have any questions on how we protect your privacy or deal with your data please email privacy@eno.org .
Jump to:
Our privacy commitment to you
Our details
How will ENO collect your data?
What kind of information will ENO collect?
What will ENO use my information for?
How to stop us contacting you
Cookies and your use of our websites
ENO, your data and third parties
Retaining your Data
Your rights
Links to Third Parties through ENO
CCTV
Future amendments to this Privacy Notice
2. Our details
ENO is known as the “data controller” of any personal information you provide. This means that we determine the purposes for and the manner in which your personal data is used. We are a registered charitable company limited by guarantee incorporated in England and Wales (Company number 00426792). Our Charity Registered Number is 257210. We can be contacted at:
London Coliseum, St. Martin’s Lane, London, WC2N 4ES
Telephone
Switchboard
Tel: 020 7836 0111
Email
For any queries related to our use of your data
privacy@eno.org
3. How will ENO collect your data?
ENO collects your personal information when you use our services. Examples of this are when you visit and use our website, buy tickets from us in person, via telephone or online, or if you sign up to our mailing list in order to receive emails from us.
We use this information so that we can build a clear picture of how you, our audiences, use our services. This is so we can provide you with a tailored, streamlined, user-friendly experience whenever you take advantage of ENO services for any purpose, from booking tickets to seeing one of our exciting productions or simply browsing. This Privacy Policy applies whenever you interact with us, whether by phone, post, through the website or in person at our box office at the London Coliseum.
We collect your personal information in different ways, when you:
sign up for an account on eno.org or londoncoliseum.org, which requires you to enter basic information such as your name, address and contact details. At the point of collecting your data, we will ask whether you are happy for ENO or visiting companies that perform at the London Coliseum to contact you about either future ENO or visiting company productions. You can change your mind or update your contact preferences at any time in your ENO account or by unsubscribing from any of our emails.
buy tickets online, via telephone or in person at our box office
get in touch with us by post (for example if you send us written applications for membership schemes such as our Access Scheme, ENO Friends or American Friends of ENO)
Visit our websites
we use cookies to personalise your experience on our sites – ENO’s web server will automatically record your IP (internet protocol) address and generate a profile of how you use the websites. It does this by tracking your previous visits and generating a log of how you navigate between our website pages. For more details, please see our Cookie Policy.
We may occasionally gather your personal information from other third parties such as external organisations that you have given your permission to. We feel it is really important that you understand exactly who these third parties are and when this will happen, so please see What kind of information will ENO collect? section for more details.
Information kept in the public domain (for example on Companies House or in newspapers) will occasionally be collected by ENO.
4. What kind of information will ENO collect?
4.1 Information obtained directly from you
ENO collects different kinds of information depending on how, where and when it was gathered. In order for you to make the most of our services, we will collect information directly from you which may include your:
full name and title, address, date of birth, telephone number, email address
financial details (this is when you make a payment to us)
we will not keep this information beyond the time it takes to process your payment and it will not be retained on our web services. It will be securely transferred to our payment processing provider solely to collect and record your payment.
To process direct debits, we will collect your bank details, encrypt them and store them securely prior to transfer for payment processing.
We will do our best to protect your personal information. However, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site before it reaches us, and any transmission is therefore at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we use strict procedures and security features to prevent unauthorised access).
billing address and delivery address
education details such as graduation date, the name of your institution and course details (if you are applying for membership of Access All Arias or for ENO Baylis)
assistance needs and seating requirements (if you are applying for our Access scheme), and/or
IP address (when you visit our websites – see our Cookie Policy for more details)
By providing us with your information, you are giving us permission to use that information to fulfil your booking, order, request or enquiry or to process donations or payments in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
Where you have provided an email address we will contact you by email or post unless you let us know that you would prefer to be solely contacted by post.
4.2 Information obtained from third parties
ENO will sometimes receive information from third parties such as other theatre organisations where you have given your consent (see What will ENO use my information for? for full details), which may include your:
full name and title, address, telephone number and/or email address
5. What will ENO use my information for?
Any information ENO collects about you will be used in a proportionate, targeted way. This means we will not gather more data from you than is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected. The way ENO collected your data will determine the purposes we use it for.
5.1 How we use your data based on our contractual obligations and to fulfil business purposes
Where ENO is using your data for business purposes, to provide you with the service you’ve requested or to fulfil contractual obligations with you, it will be used to:
book your tickets
sign up to the schemes and services we offer, such as the Access Scheme or ENO Baylis
fulfil any contractual obligations we may have with you, for example to process payments under the contract of sale that is formed between us when you buy a ticket, or to perform a contract we may have with you for membership or donations
get in touch with you to send you information about your booking or purchase, for example to send you ticket confirmations via email or to let you know what to expect when you arrive
5.2 How we use your data to fulfil our charitable objectives through fundraising
In order to further our charitable and fundraising objectives, we may use specific information about a small number of particular individuals relating to their:
booking history with ENO
donation history to ENO
ENO membership history
career
specific tastes/interests in opera and the arts
involvement with other charities or arts organisations
This will give ENO a better understanding of our current and prospective supporters, and allows us to ask them for donations.
Occasionally there will be particular services that enable you to choose not to give us particular details. This is your right, but please remember that choosing to restrict the kind of information you offer us will limit our ability to tailor our services to you individually. This could result, for example, in us being unable to get in touch with you to let you know about an exciting new production that matches your interests.
5.3 How we use your data based on your consent
Where you have given ENO consent to do so, we will:
put you on a mailing list and send you communications (electronically or otherwise, depending on what you have requested) about upcoming productions and events, offers, news, ways you can support us and general ENO matters
put you on special mailing lists about particular services we offer, such as, Access All Arias or our Access Scheme
share your information with other artistic organisations that you have agreed to . If you have agreed to receive communications from an organisation, they will get in touch with you to tell you how they obtained your information and will double-check that you still give your permission for them to contact you. If you would rather they didn’t, you can always opt out of it by telling them directly – it’s your right
further our charitable aims (for example, by inviting you to participate in research or surveys, or to analyse and improve our fundraising work and services)
send you further marketing information about ENO productions that you might enjoy
use our audiences’ (which includes you) IP addresses and monitor their use of our websites to identify their location, record website traffic, block disruptive use, ensure the efficiency of our website, personalise information so that our adverts on other websites are more relevant for you, measure the effectiveness of our campaigns, fulfil administrative purposes such as analysing and improving our services. See our Cookie Notice for further information.
5.4 How we use your data based on our legitimate interests or our legal obligations
Where ENO has a legitimate (lawful) interest to use your information for particular purposes, or where it has a legal obligation to process it in a certain way, we will use it to:
profile our audiences and identify the interests of sub-demographics within our audiences by analysing booking patterns and information in the public domain. By doing this, we will better understand our audience’s needs and customise what we offer you
analyse our services on an ongoing basis in order to improve them by assessing how our audiences react to different marketing strategies, in order to tailor what we offer so that you get the best experience possible
contact you to request your voluntary participation in consumer research either via email, on our website, in person or on the telephone.
ENO may use social media to advertise our productions and services to you. The type and detail of information that we can use to provide you with relevant ads will vary depending on the settings in your social media company account . You should check the relevant company’s privacy policy and whether you use that company’s messaging service (for example Twitter or Facebook). It is important that you check every company’s privacy policy and their terms and conditions of use – by using those websites, you may be giving us permission to access information from their accounts or services.
5.5 How we may share your data with third parties
Sometimes ENO will share your information with third party organisations, or may receive your information from them. These organisations may have worked with ENO in the past, for example on co-productions. This kind of sharing will occur because:
it is necessary in order to fulfil contractual obligations either between you and ENO, or you and that organisation, or between that organisation and ENO
you have given your permission to us and/or the third party organisation for it to take place
the data in question is in the public domain
Please always check every organisation’s Privacy Notice if you provide your information to them. This will ensure you are fully informed about your rights, how your data is used, and how it is protected.
5.6 How we may use your data for fundraising purposes
ENO uses various sources to collect information in order to help us fundraise better. This includes press publications, archives, housing market websites, the electoral role, official company websites, charities, other arts organisations, company, director and shareholder information in the public domain
5.7 Why we may use your data to keep our records accurate
Occasionally, ENO may need to cleanse our database by using official, regulated data hygiene files. Data ‘cleanliness’ is measured by how error-free a database is. This technology will screen our database against national databases and erase or flag incorrect or obsolete data. By doing this, we will be ensuring that we protect and store your data in the way that law requires.
6. How to stop us contacting you
You have the right to ask us to stop contacting you at any time. If at any time you do decide that you no longer want us to get in touch with you, just do one of the following:
click on the ‘unsubscribe’ option on any of our emails
email unsubscribe@eno.org
write to ENO Privacy at English National Opera, 165 Broadhurst Gardens, London, NW6 3AX
if you have asked us not to contact you, we may need to retain your name and contact details to put you on a suppression list (this is a record of people who have withdrawn their consent, and ensures we do not get in touch with you if you have chosen to do this)
Please note we will not be able to agree to your request if we need to keep contacting you in order to fulfill a contract with you, for example if you have agreed that ENO can claim Gift Aid.
7. Cookies and your use of our websites
You will have noticed references to our use of cookies throughout this Privacy Notice. We collect anonymous information about how visitors to our websites use and navigate them using cookies. A cookie is a very small text (.txt) file that logs activity on our website. This involves us obtaining an IP address from an individual (for example to track previous visits) which is used to identify whether you might like to receive further information from us, for example regarding production advertising. They are also used where this is necessary to enforce our terms and conditions, protect our services or other users. Please refer to our Cookie Notice.
8. ENO, your data and third parties
We will never sell your data to any third party. We will not share your details with other charities, arts organisations or producers for marketing purposes except where you have agreed to hear from other organisations.
We will only share information with other organisations where:
we have your permission to do so in accordance with this Privacy Notice
where it is necessary for a legitimate reason
it is required by law or regulation
it connected with the services we offer (see the paragraph below)
Sometimes, we may need to share your information with a small number of trusted partners (service providers, agents and affiliated companies) for the purposes outlined within this Privacy Notice. Where we use such trusted third parties, we require them to adhere to appropriate controls to protect personal information. Sharing in this way will be for service providers such as marketing agencies, email delivery tools, printers and mailing houses or database services.
If we receive information about you from a third party (for example another organisation or individual) or from a public source, we will let you know who we received it from within a month of such receipt.
8.1 International transfers
Currently, we don’t use tools or services which process data outside the EEA. If this changes, we will always require suppliers to ensure adequate protection for personal data by stipulating this in our contracts with them. Please check this Privacy Notice regularly as this could change in the future.
8.2 Fundraising
As a charity, ENO needs to fundraise efficiently. If we think you are likely to enjoy becoming a donor of ENO, we may obtain information about you from third parties such as Companies House or from publicly available sources such as newspapers, other charities and arts organisations or open social media accounts. This may relate to your interests, prior donations to other organisations and financial position.
Where your personal information was given to us by a third party we will contact you to let you know within one month of receiving it.
ENO is committed to following the code of practice set by the Fundraising Regulator. We pay a voluntary levy to the Fundraising Regulator as part of our commitment to fair fundraising practices. For more information, please visit www.fundraisingregulator.org.uk/code-of-fundraising-practice/code-of-fundraising-practice.
9. Retaining your Data
We will keep the information you give us only for as long as we need it. This depends on the purpose we are using it for. For ticket buying information we will retain this for 10 years from your last contact with us but for donations we may retain this for longer especially if this relates to a legacy.
10. Your rights
Under The General Data Protection Regulation, you have a right to:
ask for a copy of the information we hold about you and to have any inaccuracies in your information corrected. If you wish to do this or to make any enquiries, please contact privacy @eno.org.
make a complaint. If you have a complaint please contact ENO first by email, post or phone. You also a right to complain to the ICO. Please visit ICO.org.uk
request that we delete or remove the data we hold about you if: you think that our purposes for processing the data no longer apply; or have withdrawn your consent to our using it and your consent was our lawful basis for processing it; where you consider that our legitimate interests in processing your data do not or no longer apply; and if you think we have processed your data unlawfully
request that we stop using your data for marketing purposes
request restriction of how we process your personal data, which allows you to suspend our use of your data if you: want to ensure the accuracy of your data; want to establish the lawfulness of our use of your data but do not want us to delete it; want us to retain your data beyond the point we require it for the purpose we obtained it for; you have requested that we stop processing your data whilst our legitimate interests are balanced against your individual interests
Please email privacy@eno.org to exercise your rights.
You can find more details about how your data is regulated by visiting https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public.
11. Links to Third Parties through ENO
This Privacy Notice applies only to ENO so when you go through to our suppliers (for example if you want to book a table) please read their privacy policies as well.
12. CCTV
In common with many other public attractions we use CCTV recording equipment in and around our premises for the protection of our staff and visitors. Recordings may be shared with other public venues and with the police for public safety reasons.
13. Future amendments to this Privacy Notice
Our most recent version of this notice was published on 24 May 2018. It is subject to change and will be updated in line with ENO matters or to comply with any applicable legislative or regulatory requirements, so please ensure you check this page from time to time. We will always do our best to notify you of any changes by getting in touch via email, if you have provided an email address to us.
May 2018
Share