https://eno.org/terms-and-conditions/
Read our Privacy and Cookie Notices: make sure you keep control of your data and that you are clear about how we use it.
I understand
This website is run by English National Opera Limited, a charity registered in England and Wales (charity number 257210) (VAT number 539 3482 20) at London Coliseum St Martin’s Lane London WC2N 4ES.
When purchasing Tickets on this website you are creating a contract with:
ENO if for an ENO Event; and
the Promoter if for a Promoter Event (with ENO acting as the Promoter’s agent).
If you need to contact us:
Email: box.office@eno.org
Telephone: 020 7845 9300
Postal Address: English National Opera, London Coliseum St Martin’s Lane London WC2N 4ES
Jump to:
Before buying a Ticket
Process for buying a ticket
Postal Delivery of Tickets
Alterations, Exchanges, Refunds and Cancellations
Our liability
Safety and Enjoyment
Website Use
Third party sites
Cookies
Personal data
Third parties
All terms included
Enforceability
Waiver
Governing law
Definitions
1. Please read these terms before buying a Ticket
1.1 By buying a Ticket you are accepting that these terms and conditions will govern that purchase for you and any members of your group.
1.2 You agree to check the accuracy of your Ticket and to inform us if there are any changes to your details once your booking has been made (e.g. change of address before we deliver Tickets).
1.3 If you wish to transfer your Tickets into someone else’s name, please contact us by email or telephone at least 24 hours before the start of the event you have purchased Tickets for and we will do our best to accommodate the change.
1.4 Except as permitted above, your Tickets may not be transferred. Your Tickets may not be resold for commercial purposes. We reserve the right to refuse entry to any bearer of a Ticket if we believe their Ticket has been transferred or resold in breach of this condition.
1.5 We shall be entitled to change performers, running times and such other matters as we or the Promoter wish for any Event.
1.6 A valid Ticket must be produced to get into an Event. Removing any part of, altering or defacing the Ticket may invalidate your Ticket. It is your responsibility to check your Tickets as if you have made a mistake it cannot always be rectified after purchase. Please check your Tickets on receipt carefully and contact us immediately if there is a mistake.
1.7 Neither ENO nor the Promoter will be responsible for any Ticket that is lost, stolen or destroyed. It is not always possible to issue duplicate tickets. For example for non-seated Events where there is a possibility of both the original and duplicate tickets being used, compromising the licensed capacity of the venue. Duplicates may therefore be issued at the discretion of ENO or the Promoter acting reasonably. If duplicates are being issued, a reasonable administration charge may be levied.
1.8 ENO and the Promoter reserve the right to provide alternative seats at an Event to those specified on the Ticket if the staging of the Event reasonably requires, provided they are of no less value to that stated on the Ticket.
1.9 Where a concession is claimed, proof of identity and concession entitlement may be required.
2. Process for buying a Ticket
2.1 Completion and submission of the online booking form will be an offer by you to purchase Tickets subject to these terms and conditions.
2.2 We will then process the online booking form, confirm that you can pay for it and charge your payment card.
2.3 If payment is taken, you will see an on-screen confirmation and should then receive an email confirmation. Only the email confirmation will indicate that your booking has been accepted and create a contract with ENO if Tickets for an ENO Event or with Promoter if Tickets for a Promoter Event. If you do not receive email confirmation to the email address you gave us please check your junk email box or contact us at box.office@eno.org
2.4 Details of all contracts concluded online (including the method of payment but not the card details) will be kept on file by us and can be provided to you upon request.
2.5 By submitting an online booking form you warrant to us that all details supplied by you are true and accurate.
2.6 The price of Tickets (including taxes) will be specified on the website based on the best available information to us but we are not obliged to conclude any contract at that price.
2.7 All prices set are inclusive of any applicable taxes but exclusive of any booking fee and collection or delivery fee.
2.8 No order will be accepted until we have received full payment.
3. Postal Delivery of Tickets
3.1 We shall use reasonable endeavours to post your Tickets to the address you provided when you made your booking (or to the billing address of the credit/debit card holder if they are not one and the same) within a reasonable time of your booking.
3.2 If your tickets are not being held at the ENO box office, and you have not received your tickets 72 hours prior to the Event, please contact us.
3.3 If Tickets are returned to us as “addressee unknown” we reserve the right to cancel your booking and make a refund of the Ticket price only, should we deem it necessary.
3.4 We reserve the right to make Tickets available for collection at the ENO box office. We will attempt to notify you by telephone, email or in writing of the arrangements for collection (using the details provided at the time of ordering) if this becomes necessary. Where there is not enough time to deliver Tickets, you will be told at the point of purchase the arrangements for collection of your tickets. If you are collecting your Tickets from the ENO box office, we may require your acknowledgement of order and the credit/debit card used to make the order by you.
3.5 Neither ENO nor the Promoter will accept any liability for Tickets lost by any postal service.
4. Alterations, Exchanges, Refunds and Cancellations
4.1 All Tickets are sold subject to our right to make any alterations to any of the cast (including use of understudies where necessary) or programme details advertised on our website or anywhere else.
4.2 Other than as set out in this clause below, we will not refund or exchange Tickets after purchase unless the entire Event is cancelled either by the Promoter or by us for reasons outside our control or where there is a material change to the programme of Event.
4.3 A ‘material’ change is a change which, in our reasonable opinion, makes the Event materially different to the Event that purchasers of the Ticket, taken generally, could reasonably expect. The use of understudies for any role in an Event shall not be a material change regardless of where the original cast member’s role was displayed.
4.4 In the event of such a full cancellation or material change, you will be entitled to claim a refund from us of the value of your Tickets but not your booking fee, delivery charges or expenses. Where such a refund is sought you must bring to our attention as soon as possible upon becoming aware of the change, cancellation or where the Event has been rescheduled, prior to the rescheduled Event. In order to claim your refund, please apply in writing to your point of purchase enclosing your complete unused tickets, if received, promptly (e.g. within 3 months from the date of the Event). Refunds shall only be made to the person who purchased the Tickets and, when possible, be made using the same method used to purchase the Tickets, except, at our discretion, where payment was made by cash.
4.5 It is your responsibility to ascertain whether an Event has been cancelled or re-scheduled and the date and time of any re-scheduled Event but where there is sufficient time we will use try to notify you using the details you provided us with at the time of ordering. We do not guarantee that you will be informed of such cancellation before the date of the Event and you should inform us of any change to the contact address, telephone number or email address you provide us with at the time of ordering.
5. Our liability
5.1 ENO’s or the Promoter’s (as applicable) total liability to you arising under these terms and conditions, any related contract, any negligence or in any other way shall be limited to the total face value of your Tickets purchased and ENO or the Promoter shall not be liable for any arrangements including travel, accommodation or hospitality relating to the Event or for any indirect, consequent, special, unforeseeable, loss or for any loss of profit or economic loss.
5.2 ENO or the Promoter (as applicable) will not be responsible for any loss, theft or damage of your personal belongings, other than caused as a result of ENO’s negligence or that of the Promoter or other breach of statutory duty.
5.3 Nothing in these terms or conditions excludes or limits our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligent acts or omissions or for fraud or is intended to affect your statutory rights.
5.4 For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, “Force Majeure” means any cause beyond Our control including, without limitation, act of God, war, insurrection, riot, civil disturbances, acts of terrorism, fire, explosion, flood, theft of essential equipment, malicious damage, strike, lock out, weather, third party injunction, national defence requirements, acts or regulations of national or local governments. Neither ENO nor the Promoter (as applicable) will be liable to you for failure to perform any obligation under these terms and conditions to the extent that the failure is caused by Force Majeure. This Clause does not affect the terms of Clause 4.
5.5 Neither ENO nor the Promoter will be liable for any losses you suffer in connection with your use of this website, for any delay in using or your inability to use this website, for any information or Tickets obtained through this website or for any material posted on this website.
6. Safety and Enjoyment
6.1 We reserve the right to refuse admission and may request any Ticket holders to leave (taking any such appropriate action which may be necessary to enforce this right) before or during Events if we consider it to be necessary or desirable to do so. No refunds will be given to Ticket holders who are refused entry or ejected due to their own behaviour. We may also conduct security searches to ensure the safety of visitors.
6.2 Latecomers will be asked to wait until a suitable break in the Event before being admitted to the auditorium, but a suitable break cannot be guaranteed.
6.3 Phones or other electronic equipment must be turned off before an Event.
6.4 Unless an Event is expressly stated to permit entry to children under the age of five, children under the age of five are not permitted to enter the auditoriums but are welcome in the foyers.
6.5 You consent and will ensure that anyone with you consents to being included in, and to the commercial exploitation of, any films and recordings made by us or third parties without payment.
6.6 The use of equipment for recording or transmitting (by digital or other means) any audio, visual or audio-visual material or any information or data inside an Event is strictly forbidden. Unauthorised recordings, tapes, films or similar items may be confiscated and destroyed. Any recording made of an Event in breach of these conditions shall belong to the Promoter. The Promoter and ENO will not be liable for any loss, theft or damage to confiscated items.
6.7 Ticket holders may only leave and re-enter the venue or auditorium during an Event at the discretion of the management of the venue. Otherwise, there will be no re-admission or pass-outs of any kind. The obstruction of gangways, access-ways, exits, entrances or staircases, congregating in non-designated areas or seeking entry to stands or seats for which you do not hold a Ticket is strictly forbidden.
6.8 Ticket holders must comply with all relevant statutes, safety announcements and ENO regulations whilst attending the Event. If Ticket holders have any special requirements or concerns about any special effects which may be featured at the Event, prior notice should be provided when ordering Tickets. Special effects may include, without limitation, sound, audio visual, pyrotechnic or lighting effects including gun shots, dry ice or strobe lighting.
7. Website Use
7.1 If you create, or are provided with, a username, password or any other piece of information as part of ENO’s security procedures, you must treat this information as confidential. In particular, you must not disclose this information to any third party.
7.2 The contents of our website, including any images or software, are protected by intellectual property rights and other related rights. No part of our website may be reproduced in any form without our prior consent, other than as permitted by law.
7.3 You must not transmit to our website any material containing software viruses or files which may damage or disrupt the good working order of computer or telecommunications equipment.
8. Third party sites
This website may contain hyperlinks to websites operated by other organisations. The operation of such websites is outside our control and you should use them at your own risk.
9. Cookies
Information on the cookies used by this website can be found in our Cookies Notice along with information on how to disable cookies.
10. Personal data
We will collect, use, store and disclose your personal details in accordance with our Privacy Notice.
11. Third parties
Neither these terms and conditions nor any related contract will be enforceable by any third party as allowed under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.
12. All terms included
All the terms of any contract are contained or are referred to within these terms and conditions.
13. Enforceability
If any part of these terms and conditions are unenforceable this will not affect the enforceability of the remaining provisions.
14. Waiver
If ENO or the Promoter (as applicable) delay or fail to enforce any of these Terms and Conditions it shall not mean that ENO or the Promoter have waived their right to do so.
15. Governing law
These terms and conditions and any dispute or claim related to them and any contract relating to them shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England. You agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
16. Definitions
The following words have the meanings set out below:
‘Event’ means an entertainment event including to be held at the London Coliseum or any other venue in respect of which we have the right to sell you Tickets.
‘Online booking form’ means the Ticket booking pages on eno.org or londoncoliseum.org.
‘Promoter’ means the person firm or company staging the Event if different from ENO. ENO can provide you with full details of the Promoter if you remain unclear.
‘Promoter Event’ means an Event organised by a Promoter in respect of which we are acting as agent.
‘Ticket’ means any ticket for an Event sold by ENO on this website either on their own behalf of on behalf of a Promoter.
‘We’ means English National Opera Limited registered in England and Wales (charity number 257210) whether acting on its own behalf for an ENO Event or on Promoter’s behalf for a Promoter Event. “Us” or “Our” shall be read accordingly.
Share