http://everyday-wonders.com/privacy_policy
blog
prints
about
contact
Privacy Policy
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from users of everyday-wonders.com.
We use your personal information only for providing and improving our site. By using our site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection and Use
While using our site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name and email.
Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our site.
This information may include your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those page's and other statistics.
Third-Party Services
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
Once you leave our site or are redirected to a third-party site or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our site's Terms of Use.
When you click on links on our site, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
Security
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
Disclosure
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Use.
Age of Consent
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the site.
Last updated: 2020-10-03
recent
selected prints
Get $10 off your first purchase on Society6
|  Terms of Use
|  Privacy Policy
© 2020 Natalie Prikhodko. All Rights Reserved.
X