https://evesalexandria.typepad.com/eves_alexandria/2013/04/stifling-privacy.html
Eve's Alexandria
...not afraid of snakes...
Home
Archives
Profile
Subscribe
« Or I wake up, drowned |
Main
| Such Private Things »
Wednesday, April 17, 2013
Stifling Privacy
"Brother Matthew would have prescribed comfrey," she observed.
"And you are amused to find me doing the same?"
"Strangely enough, I think it is consoling. I have a great love of comfrey. And I loved Brother Matthew."
The Abbott felt at that moment that he was the true inheritor, not only
of the defunct Brother Matthew's role on the island, but of all the arts
and failings of Apollo.
John Fuller's Booker-shortlisted Flying To Nowhere (1983) is the sort of odd, charming little novel - or perhaps more accurately novella, since it's 105 pages long and quite large of print - that it almost seems a shame to say too much about it. It centres on a remote Welsh island, home to a community of monks, a bunch of women farmers, and a sacred well that attracts pilgrims on account of its supposed healing properties. When the healing miracles mysteriously dry up - to the extent that pilgrims increasingly seem not to be returning from the island at all, let alone going home cured - an ecclesiastical agent from the mainland named Vane is sent to investigate. He arrives "standing with one foot on the
prow, like a clerk who supposes he is required to be a hero", and that's about the last time anything makes much sense.
Fuller is a poet, I gather, and that comes through in his novel's vivid imagery and gnomic dialogue; in many ways, Flying to Nowhere is less a story than a series of striking tableaux with captions. When the horse accompanying Vane on his boat panics during the landing, and ends up fatally injured on the treacherous coast, the episode is described through the almost inhumanly detached point-of-view of a young, rather pretentious and over-serious novice:
The hooves struggled to keep the body upright, but one leg was already broken from the jump and as the horse heaved, sank and scrambled among the slippery rocks other bones failed him. For a moment it seemed as if the glistening torso might try to move by itself in a series of wriggles and lunges, dragging with it the bunched and useless withers and fetlocks. One rear leg was flattened at an unusual angle from the knee; the other seemed caught between two rocks.
The passage seems set on dismembering the horse before it is even dead; while "horse" as a whole creature gets three verbs attached to it in quick-fire succession, most of the struggles and the suffering here are anatomised as the provinces of individual body parts (all carefully specified): hooves, torso, legs, bones, withers, fetlocks. The detachment of "unusual angle" and "seemed" is so lacking in apparent empathy that it borders on callous.
This is not a young man unaware of the physical. A few pages earlier, we are told of the novices' struggles with their monastic clothing ("The garments of meditation are not designed for the pace of prologue;
they walked swiftly, though without urgency. At each step their garments
were caught between their legs, tugging and chafing their calves"), and of our novice in particular reflecting on what he sees around him from within "the stifling privacy of his cowl". How stifling the enforced privacy of the monastery proves to be is one of the things the book explores; our novice is not unaware of the physical, but he is terrified of it, and utterly determined to ignore it at all costs.
Ranged against the self-denying, idealistic novices are the women of the island, who are practical and earthy to a - rather cliched, it must be said - fault. When we first meet them, they are engaged in hard physical labour in the fields the novices are walking through; their sweat is lovingly described. Later, one young woman is described as (in the semi-seclusion of her bed in a communal women's dormitory),
holding the flowers of her breasts and
filling them in her mind like filling cupped hands with the heaviness of
spring water, trickling cool through the fingers.
The imagery is arresting; I like the water's unexpected "heaviness", though not so much the flower-boobs, not least because how exactly do you "fill" a flower in a way that makes any enlightening metaphorical sense when applied to breasts? But it does feed in a wider, rather trying dichotomy of Earth-Mother-women set in contrast to airy-intellectual-men. The women, we're told, enjoy "cheerful shared activity" on account of "the female response to the
seasons and to what fittingly belonged to them. It was an absolute
virtue of the sex, tested and proved in the full round of life", because women are so natural! and earthy! and in naturally in touch with naturey earthy things while the men think Really Deep Thoughts! As I've noted here before, pedestalling half of humanity isn't much of an improvement over pillorying them, since the end effect is still a dehumanising denial of individuality, and while it might be argued that all this is an extension of the novel's themes about life, body, and spirit - and that it therefore is a deliberate expression of the male characters' rather aetiolated emotional development - the narrative tends to reinforce the view rather than challenge it.
But this is one area where the novel's brevity, and its opacity, work to its advantage; I was absorbed enough over the short page-count to keep the eye-rolling to a minimum, and be puzzled at what exactly Fuller is getting at. A couple of female characters have some wonderfully elliptical things to say, as in this dormitory conversation:
"Are you crumbling away too, Gweno?"
"No, no. It's leaving me pure and
new and now I've died and got wings and I'm flying away. Can't you
see?"
Her fingers moved in the moonlight, and their shadows moved in
the rafters.
"Yes," came several voices. "We can see you flying away.
Where are you flying to?"
"I'm flying to nowhere. I'm just becoming
myself."
This exchange seems to suggest a combination of bodily and extra-bodily experience, something echoed elsewhere in one character's distinctly un-monastic musing that sex can be transcendant ("Remember that spending with women is a struggle from roots, an attempt to fly"), and in the central debate between Vane and the Abbot about miracles and the well. To call it a 'debate' is to overstate the case somewhat; the two men fence warily at intervals, and mostly manage to talk past rather than to each other. This is about as direct as it gets:
"I cannot arrange cures. Cures are not for sale."
"Are you saying that
there are no cures?" asked Vane.
"Perhaps there have been cures, but I
do not know in every case what has caused them."
"Dry and energetic" Vane wants straight answers and obedience, and the well back online; the distracted, doubting Abbot (unconvinced, as seen just above, by the well's miraculous properties) is busy secretly dissecting corpses to see if he can find "the private chamber of the spirit", and imagining the books on whose knowledge he has based so much of his identity dissolving back into their constitutent parts:
Could leather be cured of its curing? [...] He would lose first those
books bound in vellum, for the bindings would turn back to stomachs and
digest the contents. Or the shelves would grow into a hedge and keep out
the hand that reached for knowledge.
More earthiness. Amid an increasingly (g)lowering atmosphere, as the investigation seems to hint more and more at foul play, Vane finds himself starting at shadows and wondering who he can trust. Having demanded a meal of meat, his doubts soon make him rue what he asked for:
a plate of meat produced in sly triumph [...] It was dark, sweet meat, three slices of it in a wooden dish, and Vane had wolfed it down as if he had not eaten for a fortnight. Now it lay uneasily on his stomach, like an animal twitching in a nightmare.
Fun, pretty, and full of dark hints. I liked.
~~Nic
Posted at 10:00 AM
| Permalink
Reblog
(0)
Comments
Stifling Privacy
"Brother Matthew would have prescribed comfrey," she observed.
"And you are amused to find me doing the same?"
"Strangely enough, I think it is consoling. I have a great love of comfrey. And I loved Brother Matthew."
The Abbott felt at that moment that he was the true inheritor, not only
of the defunct Brother Matthew's role on the island, but of all the arts
and failings of Apollo.
John Fuller's Booker-shortlisted Flying To Nowhere (1983) is the sort of odd, charming little novel - or perhaps more accurately novella, since it's 105 pages long and quite large of print - that it almost seems a shame to say too much about it. It centres on a remote Welsh island, home to a community of monks, a bunch of women farmers, and a sacred well that attracts pilgrims on account of its supposed healing properties. When the healing miracles mysteriously dry up - to the extent that pilgrims increasingly seem not to be returning from the island at all, let alone going home cured - an ecclesiastical agent from the mainland named Vane is sent to investigate. He arrives "standing with one foot on the
prow, like a clerk who supposes he is required to be a hero", and that's about the last time anything makes much sense.
Fuller is a poet, I gather, and that comes through in his novel's vivid imagery and gnomic dialogue; in many ways, Flying to Nowhere is less a story than a series of striking tableaux with captions. When the horse accompanying Vane on his boat panics during the landing, and ends up fatally injured on the treacherous coast, the episode is described through the almost inhumanly detached point-of-view of a young, rather pretentious and over-serious novice:
The hooves struggled to keep the body upright, but one leg was already broken from the jump and as the horse heaved, sank and scrambled among the slippery rocks other bones failed him. For a moment it seemed as if the glistening torso might try to move by itself in a series of wriggles and lunges, dragging with it the bunched and useless withers and fetlocks. One rear leg was flattened at an unusual angle from the knee; the other seemed caught between two rocks.
The passage seems set on dismembering the horse before it is even dead; while "horse" as a whole creature gets three verbs attached to it in quick-fire succession, most of the struggles and the suffering here are anatomised as the provinces of individual body parts (all carefully specified): hooves, torso, legs, bones, withers, fetlocks. The detachment of "unusual angle" and "seemed" is so lacking in apparent empathy that it borders on callous.
This is not a young man unaware of the physical. A few pages earlier, we are told of the novices' struggles with their monastic clothing ("The garments of meditation are not designed for the pace of prologue;
they walked swiftly, though without urgency. At each step their garments
were caught between their legs, tugging and chafing their calves"), and of our novice in particular reflecting on what he sees around him from within "the stifling privacy of his cowl". How stifling the enforced privacy of the monastery proves to be is one of the things the book explores; our novice is not unaware of the physical, but he is terrified of it, and utterly determined to ignore it at all costs.
Ranged against the self-denying, idealistic novices are the women of the island, who are practical and earthy to a - rather cliched, it must be said - fault. When we first meet them, they are engaged in hard physical labour in the fields the novices are walking through; their sweat is lovingly described. Later, one young woman is described as (in the semi-seclusion of her bed in a communal women's dormitory),
holding the flowers of her breasts and
filling them in her mind like filling cupped hands with the heaviness of
spring water, trickling cool through the fingers.
The imagery is arresting; I like the water's unexpected "heaviness", though not so much the flower-boobs, not least because how exactly do you "fill" a flower in a way that makes any enlightening metaphorical sense when applied to breasts? But it does feed in a wider, rather trying dichotomy of Earth-Mother-women set in contrast to airy-intellectual-men. The women, we're told, enjoy "cheerful shared activity" on account of "the female response to the
seasons and to what fittingly belonged to them. It was an absolute
virtue of the sex, tested and proved in the full round of life", because women are so natural! and earthy! and in naturally in touch with naturey earthy things while the men think Really Deep Thoughts! As I've noted here before, pedestalling half of humanity isn't much of an improvement over pillorying them, since the end effect is still a dehumanising denial of individuality, and while it might be argued that all this is an extension of the novel's themes about life, body, and spirit - and that it therefore is a deliberate expression of the male characters' rather aetiolated emotional development - the narrative tends to reinforce the view rather than challenge it.
But this is one area where the novel's brevity, and its opacity, work to its advantage; I was absorbed enough over the short page-count to keep the eye-rolling to a minimum, and be puzzled at what exactly Fuller is getting at. A couple of female characters have some wonderfully elliptical things to say, as in this dormitory conversation:
"Are you crumbling away too, Gweno?"
"No, no. It's leaving me pure and
new and now I've died and got wings and I'm flying away. Can't you
see?"
Her fingers moved in the moonlight, and their shadows moved in
the rafters.
"Yes," came several voices. "We can see you flying away.
Where are you flying to?"
"I'm flying to nowhere. I'm just becoming
myself."
This exchange seems to suggest a combination of bodily and extra-bodily experience, something echoed elsewhere in one character's distinctly un-monastic musing that sex can be transcendant ("Remember that spending with women is a struggle from roots, an attempt to fly"), and in the central debate between Vane and the Abbot about miracles and the well. To call it a 'debate' is to overstate the case somewhat; the two men fence warily at intervals, and mostly manage to talk past rather than to each other. This is about as direct as it gets:
"I cannot arrange cures. Cures are not for sale."
"Are you saying that
there are no cures?" asked Vane.
"Perhaps there have been cures, but I
do not know in every case what has caused them."
"Dry and energetic" Vane wants straight answers and obedience, and the well back online; the distracted, doubting Abbot (unconvinced, as seen just above, by the well's miraculous properties) is busy secretly dissecting corpses to see if he can find "the private chamber of the spirit", and imagining the books on whose knowledge he has based so much of his identity dissolving back into their constitutent parts:
Could leather be cured of its curing? [...] He would lose first those
books bound in vellum, for the bindings would turn back to stomachs and
digest the contents. Or the shelves would grow into a hedge and keep out
the hand that reached for knowledge.
More earthiness. Amid an increasingly (g)lowering atmosphere, as the investigation seems to hint more and more at foul play, Vane finds himself starting at shadows and wondering who he can trust. Having demanded a meal of meat, his doubts soon make him rue what he asked for:
a plate of meat produced in sly triumph [...] It was dark, sweet meat, three slices of it in a wooden dish, and Vane had wolfed it down as if he had not eaten for a fortnight. Now it lay uneasily on his stomach, like an animal twitching in a nightmare.
Fun, pretty, and full of dark hints. I liked.
~~Nic
About
Email Us
Email Us
Search
August 2016
Mon
Tue
Wed
Thu
Fri
Sat
Sun
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
Recent Posts
In which I attempt to make a BookTube video
The Woods for the Trees: Barkskins by Annie Proulx
May/June Reading Round Up
In My Original Body
The Family
The Lonely Ranger
A country road. A tree. Evening.
April Reading Round Up (Part 2)
Rona Aonranach
April Reading Round Up (Part 1)
Recent Comments
Buried In Print on The Woods for the Trees: Barkskins by Annie Proulx
Zahra on In which I attempt to make a BookTube video
Annabel on The Woods for the Trees: Barkskins by Annie Proulx
Zahra on May/June Reading Round Up
Elle on The Woods for the Trees: Barkskins by Annie Proulx
Victoria on May/June Reading Round Up
Victoria on May/June Reading Round Up
Stefanie on May/June Reading Round Up
Elle on May/June Reading Round Up
Zahra on April Reading Round Up (Part 1)
Archives
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
April 2016
March 2016
February 2016
January 2016
December 2015
May 2015
More...
Support Alexandria, and Miscellaneous
Buy from the Book Depository and support Eve's Alexandria
Alexandrian reviews published elsewhere
LiveJournal syndicated feed
Past Posts (sorted by Author)
"The Thousand and One Nights"
Abbott, Edwin A : "Flatland"
Abercrombie, Joe : "The Blade Itself" and "Before They Are Hanged"
Abi-Ezzi, Nathalie: 'A Girl Made of Dust'
Aboulela, Leila : "Minaret"
Adams, Lorraine : "Harbor"
Adichie, Chimamanda Ngozi : 'Half of a Yellow Sun'
Aeschylus : "Prometheus Bound and Other Plays"
Alderman, Naomi : "Disobedience"
Alexander, Alma : "The Secrets of Jin-Shei"
Alison, Rosie: 'The Very Thought of You'
Applebaum, Anne : "Gulag: A History"
Arnason, Eleanor : "Ordinary People"
Arnold, Gaynor: 'Girl in a Blue Dress'
Atkinson, Kate : "Behind the Scenes at the Museum"
Atkinson, Kate : "Life After Life"
Atwood, Margaret : "Surfacing"
Atwood, Margaret : "The Edible Woman"
Atwood, Margaret : 'The Penelopiad'
Austen, Jane : "Mansfield Park"
Auster, Paul : "The New York Trilogy"
Bacigalupi, Paolo : "Pump Six"
Ballard, JG: 'Crash'
Banti, Anna : "Artemisia"
Barker, Nicola : 'Darkmans'
Barrico, Alessandro : "Silk"
Barry, Sebastian : "A Long Long Way"
Baxter, Stephen : "The H-Bomb Girl"
Berger, John - G
Bester, Alfred : "The Stars My Destination"
Beukes, Lauren : "Zoo City"
Bi, Feiyu : "Three Sisters"
Birrell, Anne : "New Songs from a Jade Terrace"
Biskind, Peter : "Easy Riders, Raging Bulls"
Black, Holly : "White Cat"
Blish, James : "Cities in Flight"
Bloom, Harold : "A Map of Misreading"
Borges, Jorge Luis : "Fictions"
Bower, Sarah : 'The Needle in the Blood'
Braddon, Mary Elizabeth : 'Lady Audley's Secret'
Brooks, Geraldine : "Year of Wonders"
Brown, George Mackay : "Greenvoe"
Brown, George Mackay: 'Vinland'
Brown, George Mackay: 'Winter Tales'
Buchan, John : "The Thirty-Nine Steps"
Bujold, Lois McMaster : "Paladin of Souls"
Bulgakov, Mikhail: 'A Dog's Heart'
Byatt, A.S. : 'The Children's Book'
Byatt, A.S.: "Ragnarok"
Byatt, AS : "The Djinn in the Nightingale's Eye"
Cameron, Deborah: 'The Myth of Mars and Venus'
Cao, Xueqin : "The Story of the Stone"
Carey, Peter : "Theft"
Cashore, Kristin : "Bitterblue"
Cashore, Kristin : "Graceling"
Castiglione, Baldesar : "The Book of the Courtier"
Chabon, Michael : "The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier and Clay"
Chabon, Michael : 'The Yiddish Policemen's Union'
Chandra, Vikram : "Red Earth and Pouring Rain"
Chang, Eileen : "Red Rose, White Rose"
Chukovskaya, Lydia : "Sofia Petrovna"
Cicero : "Selected Works"
Claudel, Philippe: 'Brodeck's Report'
Cobo, Bernabe : "Inca Religion and Customs"
Coe, Jonathan : 'The Rain Before It Falls'
Collins, Suzanne : "Catching Fire" and "Mockingjay"
Collins, Suzanne : "The Hunger Games"
Comyns, Barbara : "Sisters by a River"
Comyns, Barbara : "The Vet's Daughter"
Connelly, Karen : 'The Lizard Cage'
Cook, Elizabeth : "Achilles"
Courtemanche, Gil : "A Sunday at the Pool in Kigali"
Cusk, Rachel : 'Arlington Park'
Dasgupta, Rana : "Tokyo Cancelled"
Davies, Natalie Zemon : "The Return of Martin Guerre"
Davies, Nick : "Flat Earth News"
Davies, Robertson: "Tempest-Tost"
Dawkins, Richard : 'The God Delusion'
de Abaitua, Matthew : "The Red Men"
de Cervantes, Miguel : "Don Quixote"
de las Casas, Bartolomé : "A Short Account of the Destruction of the Indies"
de Loo, Tessa : "The Twins"
de Waal, Edmund: "The Hare with the Amber Eyes"
Defoe, Gideon: "The Pirates in an Adventure with Scientists"
Demick, Barbara : "Nothing to Envy: real lives in North Korea"
Desai, Kiran : "The Inheritance of Loss"
DeWitt, Helen : "Lightning Rods"
Dick, Philip K. : "A Scanner Darkly"
Dickens, Charles : "Little Dorrit"
Dickens, Charles : "Nicholas Nickleby"
Dillard, Annie : 'The Maytrees'
Docx, Edward : 'Self Help'
Donaldson, Stephen : "The Second Chronicles of Thomas Covenant"
Donoghue, Emma: 'Room'
Duncan, Hal : "Vellum"
Dunmore, Helen : "House of Orphans"
Dunnett, Dorothy : "The Ringed Castle"
Enright, Anne : 'The Gathering'
Eskridge, Kelley : "Solitaire"
Evaristo, Bernadine : "The Emperor's Babe"
Eyrbyggja Saga
Fallon, Jennifer : "Wolfblade"
Farooki, Roopa : 'Bitter Sweets'
Farooki, Roopa: 'The Way Things Look To Me'
Faulkner, William : "As I Lay Dying"
Feist, Raymond E. : "At the Gates of Darkness"
Feist, Raymond E. : "Rides a Dread Legion"
Fforde, Jasper : "The Eyre Affair"
Field, Ophelia : "The Favourite: Sarah, Duchess of Marlborough"
Firdawsi : "The Legend of Seyavash"
Fletcher, Richard : "The Cross and the Crescent" (scroll down)
Fletcher, Susan: 'Corrag'
Forbeck, Matt : "Amortals"
Ford, John M. : "Heat of Fusion" (1)
Ford, John M. : "Heat of Fusion" (2)
Foulds, Adam : "The Quickening Maze"
Fuller, John : "Flying to Nowhere"
Gaiman, Neil : "The Graveyard Book"
Gappah, Petina: 'An Elegy for Easterly'
Gaskell, Jane : "A Sweet, Sweet Summer"
Grahame-Smith, Seth (& Jane Austen) : "Pride and Prejudice and Zombies"
Grass, Gunter: 'The Tin Drum'
Graves, Robert : "I, Claudius"
Greer, Andrew Sean : 'The Story of a Marriage'
Grenville, Kate : "The Secret River"
Griffith, Nicola : "Slow River"
Griffith, Nicola : "With Her Body"
Griffith, Nicola: 'Hild'
Grimwood, Jon Courtenay : "End of the World Blues"
Groff, Lauren : 'The Monsters of Templeton'
Groppi, Susan Marie, and David Moles : "Twenty Epics"
Grushin, Olga : "The Dream Life of Sukhanov"
Guo, Xiaolu : "A Concise Chinese-English Dictionary for Lovers"
Hall, Sarah : "The Carhullan Army"
Hall, Sarah: 'How to Paint A Dead Man'
Hall, Sarah: The Beautiful Indifference
Hall, Steven : "The Raw Shark Texts"
Hamid, Mohsin : 'The Reluctant Fundamentalist'
Hardinge, Frances: "A Face Like Glass"
Harris, Jane : "The Observations"
Harrison, Kathryn : "The Seal Wife"
Harrison, M. John : 'Nova Swing'
Hartman, Rachel : "Seraphina"
Harvey, Samantha: 'The Wilderness'
Hesiod - The Theogony and Works and Days
Hesse, Hermann : "The Glass Bead Game"
Hickman, Katie : "Daughters of Britannia"
Hickman, Katie : "Courtesans"
Hill, Rosemary : 'God's Architect: Pugin and the Building of Romantic Britain'
Hill, Susan : "The Woman in Black"
Hobb, Robin : "Royal Assassin (Farseer Trilogy 2)"
Hobb, Robin : "Ship of Destiny" (Liveship Traders 3)
Hoffman, Paul : "The Left Hand of God"
Hogan, Edward: 'Blackmoor'
Holdstock, Robert : "Avilion"
Holdstock, Robert : "The Hollowing"
Holloway, Richard: 'Leaving Alexandria: A Memoir of Faith and Doubt'
Hope, Anna: Wake
Hosseini, Khaled : 'A Thousand Splendid Suns'
Hughart, Barry : "Bridge of Birds"
Hughes, Ted : "The Birthday Letters"
Hurley, Kameron : "God's War"
Huston, Nancy : 'Fault Lines'
Huysmans, J-K : "The Damned (La-Bas)"
Hyland, M.J.: 'This is How'
Irving, John : "A Prayer for Owen Meany"
Ishiguro, Kazuo : "Never Let Me Go"
Jackson, Shirley : "We Have Always Lived in the Castle"
Jemisin, N.K. : "The Hundred Thousand Kingdoms"
Johnson, Samuel : "Selected Works"
Jones, Cynan: The Dig
Jones, Gail : "Dreams of Speaking"
Jones, Gwyneth : "Spirit"
Jones, Lloyd : 'Mister Pip'
Jones, Sadie : 'The Outcast'
Kadare, Ismail : "The Palace of Dreams"
Kavan, Anna : "Ice"
Kay, Guy Gavriel : "Under Heaven"
Kay, Guy Gavriel : "Ysabel"
Kermode, Mark : "The Good, the Bad and the Multiplex"
Kiernan, Celine : "The Poison Throne"
Kingsolver, Barbara : "The Poisonwood Bible"
Kostova, Elizabeth : "The Historian"
Krauss, Nicole : "The History of Love"
Kundera, Milan : "The Unbearable Lightness of Being"
Kushner, Ellen : "Swordspoint: A Melodrama of Manners"
La Farge, Paul : "The Facts of Winter"
Lady Hyegyong : "The Memoirs of Lady Hyegyong"
Lady Mary Wortley Montagu : "Selected Letters"
Lahiri, Jhumpa : "The Namesake"
Lalami, Laila: 'Secret Son'
Lanagan, Margo : "Black Juice"
Lanagan, Margo : "The Brides of Rollrock Island"
Larsson, Stieg:'The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo'
Laven, Mary : "Virgins of Venice"
Laxness, Halldor : "Independent People"
Laxness, Halldor: 'The Fish Can Sing'
Le Guin, Ursula : "Lavinia"
Lee, Tanith : "Drinking Sapphire Wine"
Leppin, Paul : "Severin's Journey Into the Dark"
Leskov, Nikolai : "Lady Macbeth of Mtsensk"
Lessing, Doris : "This Was the Old Chief's Country"
Lessing, Doris : 'The Cleft'
Lessing, Doris: 'A Proper Marriage'
Li, Yiyun : "A Thousand Years of Good Prayer"
Link, Kelly : "Magic for Beginners"
Locke, Attica: The Cutting Season
Mackay, Shena : "Heligoland"
MacLeod, Ian R. : "Song of Time"
MacLeod, Ian R. : "The Summer Isles"
MacLeod, Ken : "Learning the World"
MacLeod, Ken : "The Execution Channel"
Madame de Sévigné : "Selected Letters"
Makkai, Rebecca: "The Borrower"
Mandeville : "The Travels of Sir John Mandeville"
Mantel, Hilary : "Beyond Black"
Masters, Alexander : 'Stuart: A Life Backwards'
Matar, Hisham : "In the Country of Men"
May, Peter : "The Black House"
McAuley, Paul : "The Quiet War"
McCann, Maria: 'The Wilding'
McCarthy, Cormac : "The Road"
McCrea, Barry : 'The First Verse'
McDonald, Ian : "Brasyl"
McDonald, Ian : "River of Gods"
McEwan, Ian : 'On Chesil Beach'
McHugh, Maureen : "China Mountain Zhang"
McKenna, Juliet E. : "The Warrior's Bond"
McKillip, Patricia : "The Riddlemaster's Game"
Mendelson, Charlotte : 'When We Were Bad'
Mendlesohn, Farah : "On Joanna Russ"
Miano, Sarah Emily : "Encyclopaedia of Snow"
Mieville, China : "The City & the City"
Mieville, China : "The Scar"
Miller, Andrew : "Ingenious Pain"
Miller, Karen : "The Prodigal Mage"
Miller, Karen : "The Reluctant Mage"
Miller, Madeline: The Song of Achilles
Millet, Lydia : 'Oh Pure and Radiant Heart'
Mitchell, David : "Cloud Atlas"
Mieville, China : "Embassytown"
Mohamed, Nadifa: 'Black Mamba Boy'
Moore, Alan : "V for Vendetta"
Moran, Caitlin: 'How to Be A Woman'
Morgan, Richard : "Black Man"
Morris, Jan : "Hav"
Moss, Sarah: Night Waking
Murakami, Haruki : "Hard-boiled Wonderland and the End of the World"
Márai, Sándor : "Embers"
Ness, Patrick : "Monsters of Men"
Ness, Patrick : "The Knife of Never Letting Go" and "The Ask and the Answer"
Niffenegger, Audrey : "The Time-Traveller's Wife"
Norfolk, Lawrence : "The Pope's Rhinoceros"
North, Rachel : 'Out of the Tunnel'
Obreht, Tea: 'The Tiger's Wife'
O'Brian, Patrick : 'HMS Surprise'
O'Brian, Patrick : 'Master and Commander'
O'Flynn, Catherine : 'What Was Lost'
O'Neill, Heather : 'Lullabies for Little Criminals'
Oates, Joyce Carol : "Rape: A Love Story"
Oates, Joyce Carol : "The Tattooed Girl"
Orringer, Julie: 'The Invisible Bridge'
Orwell, George : 'Animal Farm'
Oyeyemi, Helen : "White is for Witching"
Parrish, P.J. : "Dead of Winter"
Parsipur, Shahrnush : "Women Without Men"
Pavord, Anna : "The Tulip"
Peacock, Thomas Love : "Nightmare Abbey"
Pears, Iain : "The Dream of Scipio"
Peile, Anne: 'Repeat It Today With Tears'
Plato : "Protagoras and Meno"
Platonov, Andrey : "The Foundation Pit"
Polansky, Daniel : "The Straight Razor Cure"
Powers, Richard : "Generosity"
Pratchett, Terry : "Going Postal"
Pratchett, Terry : "Making Money"
Prichard, Caradog: 'One Moonlit Night'
Priest, Christopher : "The Prestige"
Pushkin, Alexander : "The Queen of Spades and Other Stories"
Rankin, Ian: The Complaints
Rapoport, Yossef : "Marriage, Money and Divorce in Medieval Islamic Society"
Redfern, Elizabeth : "The Music of the Spheres"
Redworth, Glyn : "The She-Apostle"
Reynolds, Alastair : "House of Suns"
Roberts, Adam : "Gradisil"
Roberts, Adam : "Yellow Blue Tibia"
Roberts, Michèle : "Daughters of the House"
Robinson, Kim Stanley : "Galileo's Dream"
Robinson, Kim Stanley : "Pacific Edge"
Robinson, Marilynne : "Gilead"
Roffey, Monique : "Archipelago"
Rogers, Jane : "The Testament of Jessie Lamb"
Rushdie, Salman : The Enchantress of Florence
Russ, Joanna : "The Adventures of Alyx" and "Extra(ordinary) People"
Russ, Joanna : "The Female Man"
Russ, Joanna : "We Who Are About To..."
Russell, Karen : "Swamplandia"
Russell, Mary Doria : "A Thread of Grace"
Ryan, Shawna Yang : "Water Ghosts"
Ryman, Geoff : "Air"
Sackville, Amy : "Orkney"
Sanderson, Brandon : "Elantris"
Sapkowski, Andrzej : "Blood of Elves"
Satrapi, Marjane : "Persepolis"
Scalzi, John : "Old Man's War"
Schivelbusch, Wolfgang : "The Trauma of Defeat"
Schlink, Bernhard : "The Reader"
Scott, Sir Walter : "Waverley"
Seneca : "Four Tragedies and Octavia"
Seth, Vikram : "A Suitable Boy"
Shahar, Shulamith: Growing Old in the Middle Ages
Shoneyin, Lola: "The Secret Lives of Baba Segi's Wives"
Shriver, Lionel : "We Need to Talk About Kevin"
Singh, Vandana : "Distances" and "Of Love and Other Monsters"
Sinisalo, Johanna : "Not Before Sundown"
Sittenfield, Curtis : "Prep"
Smith, Ali : "Girl meets boy"
Smith, Ali : "The Accidental"
Smith, Zadie : "On Beauty"
Snyder, Maria V. : "Touch of Power"
Sofer, Dalia : "The Septembers of Shiraz"
Solzhenitsyn, Aleksandr : 'One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich'
St Aubyn, Edward : "Mother's Milk"
Starling, Belinda : 'The Journal of Dora Damage'
Stasiuk, Andrzej : "Tales of Galicia"
Stephenson, Neal : "Anathem"
Stross, Charles : "Accelerando"
Sullivan, Tricia : "Maul"
Summerscale, Kate : "The Suspicions of Mr Whicher"
Swainston, Steph : "The Year of Our War"
Sweet, Caitlin : "A Telling of Stars"
Sweet, Caitlin : "The Silences of Home"
Swift, E.J. : "Osiris"
Szerb, Antal : "Journey By Moonlight"
Taylor, D.J. : 'Kept'
Taylor, Laini : "Daughter of Smoke and Bone"
Tchaikovsky, Adrian : "Blood of the Mantis"
Tchaikovsky, Adrian : "Dragonfly Falling"
Tchaikovsky, Adrian : "Empire in Black and Gold"
Tchaikovsky, Adrian : "Salute the Dark"
Thackeray, William Makepeace : "Vanity Fair"
The Tale of the Heike
Theroux, Marcel : "Far North"
Thomas, Diane : "The Year the Music Changed"
Thompson, Alice: 'The Falconer'
Tiffany, Carrie : "Everyman's Rules for Scientific Living"
Tiptree Jr., James : "Her Smoke Rose Up Forever"
Tomalin, Claire : 'Samuel Pepys, The Unequalled Self'
Tremain, Rose : 'The Road Home'
Turgenev, Ivan : "Faust"
Twain, Mark : "The Diary of Adam and Eve"
Tyler, Anne : 'Digging to America'
Unsworth, Barry : "Morality Play"
Unsworth, Barry : "Sacred Hunger"
Valente, Catherynne M. : "The Labyrinth"
Vanderhooft, JoSelle : "The Tale of the Miller's Daughter"
VanderMeer, Jeff : "Veniss Underground"
Various : "English Mystery Plays"
Vonarburg, Elisabeth : "The Silent City"
Walton, Jo : "Among Others"
Waters, Sarah : "Affinity"
Waters, Sarah : "The Night Watch"
Weeks, Brent : "The Black Prism"
Wernham, Mark : "Martin Martin's on the Other Side"
Whitfield, Kit : "In Great Waters"
Wickham, Chris : "The Inheritance of Rome"
Williams, Liz : "The Poison Master"
Williams, Tad : "The War of the Flowers"
Wilson, A.N. : 'The Victorians'
Wilson, Robert Charles : "Spin"
Winchester, Simon : "Krakatoa"
Wolfe, Gene : "Peace"
Wood, Patricia : 'Lottery'
Wooding, Chris : "Retribution Falls"
Yu, Charles : "How to Live Safely in a Science Fictional Universe"
Zamyatin, Yevgeny : "We"
Zhu, Wen : "I Love Dollars"
Recent Posts
In which I attempt to make a BookTube video
The Woods for the Trees: Barkskins by Annie Proulx
May/June Reading Round Up
In My Original Body
The Family
The Lonely Ranger
A country road. A tree. Evening.
April Reading Round Up (Part 2)
Rona Aonranach
April Reading Round Up (Part 1)
Bookish Blogs
A bit clangy and a bit jammy (Krendalin)
A Common Reader
A Fair Substitute for Heaven
A Striped Armchair
A Work in Progress
An Enduring Romantic
Asylum - John Self
Blog of a Bookslut
Booked All Week
Bookforum
Brit Lit Blogs
Buried In Print
Charlotte’s Web
chasing bawa
Dovegreyreader
Farm Lane Books Blog
Gaskella
Iris on Books
Jenny's Books
Kinna Reads
Lizzy’s Literary Life
Making Light
Novel Insights
Of Books and Bicycles
Pages Turned
Random Jottings
Reading Matters
ReadySteadyBook
Savidge Reads...
Shelf Love
So Many Books
Stainless Steel Droppings (Carl V.)
Tales from the Reading Room
The Book Smugglers
The Captive Reader
The Hobgoblin of Little Minds
The Sleepless Reader
things mean a lot
This Space
Vulpes Libris
Whispering Gums
Publishers, Booksellers and Libraries
York Libraries Blog
Two Ravens Press
The Penguin Blog
The Hesperus Press Blog
The Fidra Blog
The Bedside Crow
Snowbooks
Picador Blog
Me And My Big Mouth (Scott Pack)
Crockatt and Powell Booksellers
Ambling Along the Aqueduct
Being of a Speculative Nature
Ansible
Asking the Wrong Questions
Big Dumb Object
Bright Weavings: The Worlds of Guy Gavriel Kay
Everything is Nice (Martin)
Fantasybookspot
Follow the Thread
Locus Online
OF Blog of the Fallen
Ruthless Culture
SF Mistressworks
Spin Resonance (Lal)
Spiral Galaxy
Strange Horizons
The Bodhisattva
The Story and the Truth
Torque Control
Velcro City Tourist Board
Subscribe to this blog's feed
Eve's Alexandria
Powered by Typepad