http://factio-magazine.com/privacy-policy/
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We at Factio Magazine are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy will advise you about how we protect your personal information.
How We Use The Information We Collect
We collect information from our site from our viewers in order to enhance your overall experience. You can browse our site without submitting any personally identifiable information, but we do collect some anonymous information when you access our site.
Information Provided by You
When you visit our site, you will be invited to provide personal information to purchase an issue or subscription, or [to join our mailing list]. To purchase an issue or subscription, you will be asked for your name, billing and shipping addresses, e-mail address, credit card number and credit card expiration date. To join our mailing list, you will be asked for your information including e-mail address, mailing address, and marketing information.
Information Shared With Third Parties
We may use your contact data to send you information about Factio Magazine. You may always opt out of receiving future mailings (see the “Opt Out” section below).
In addition, we may employ outside agents, meaning other companies or individuals to perform functions on our behalf, such as sending postal mail and e-mail, conducting sweepstakes and other promotional activities, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. These Factio Magazine agents have access to personal information needed to perform their functions. Other than our outside agents and certain Factio Magazine suppliers and vendors, we keep all of your personal information private and will not share it with any third party, unless you have authorized us to or we are legally required to do so. Factio Magazine may also release personal information when we believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of Factio Magazine, our users, or others.
Security of Your Information
When you purchase an issue or subscription online, we need to obtain your credit card number, expiration date, and billing and shipping address information. This information is encrypted and transmitted over the Internet where it is stored securely at Factio Magazine and used for billing purposes only.
Our site has security measures in place intended to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. Factio Magazine uses industry standard encryption to help ensure that all the personal information you provide is encrypted and remains private. This helps to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
We strive to protect your personal information, however, Factio Magazine cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us.
Correcting or Updating Personal Information
If your personal information changes, we will gladly correct, update, or remove any data you have previously provided to us. You may change your personal information at any time by sending Factio Magazine an e-mail at info@factio-magazine.com. We may retain a copy of the prior version for our records.
Opt Out
Factio Magazine may send users news about new offerings and special projects. To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we may receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from Factio Magazine.  You may choose to opt out of receiving such mailings by sending us a “Please remove” e-mail message to info@factio-magazine.com.
Demographic Information
Demographic and profile data may be collected at our site. Factio Magazine may provide such information in the aggregate to third parties without disclosure of personally identifying information.
IP Address
We automatically track IP (internet protocol) addresses for statistical purposes. IP addresses are logged per user’s session and help to determine how often areas on our site are visited.Factio Magazine does not track IP addresses with any of your personal information, so we will never link an IP address to a specific user. We also monitor traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop and improve the design and layout of the site.
Cookies
We use cookies to improve your experience at Factio Magazine. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that a website transfers to your computer’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user’s computer. We use cookies to remember information users give us so they don’t have to reenter it each time they visit our site. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits. Even without a cookie, you will still be able to use most of the features on our site.
Copyright Notice
All text, images, graphics, sounds, and software code (“Content”) on this site are copyrighted property of Factio Magazine, its contributors, and its programmers unless otherwise noted. They may only be used for the personal education of site visitors. They may not be placed in the public domain. You may not reproduce, redistribute, publish, or otherwise use by electronic or any other means any of the Content without our prior written consent.
Trademarks
Factio Magazine and other marks indicated on our site are service marks of Factio Magazine.  They may not be used or displayed without the prior written consent of Factio Magazine. All other trademarks, product names, and company names and logos appearing on the site are the property of their respective owners.
Applicable Law
These terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois, without regard to any principles of conflicts of law. You agree that any action at law or in equity that arises out of or relates to any use of the Factio Magazine site will be filed only in the state or federal courts located in Cook County, and you hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating any such action.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By visiting the Factio Magazine site, you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy and Legal Notice and to the collection and use of this information by Factio Magazine. We will always fully disclose our privacy policies, and we will promptly post any changes to our policy on this page.
You agree that Factio Magazine may retain and use your personal information as described in this policy until you inform us that you do not agree with this Privacy Policy and Legal Notice and agree that you will not use the Factio Magazine site for a reasonable period of time thereafter. By using this site after we post any changes to this Privacy Policy and Legal Notice, you agree to accept those changes.
If you choose to visit Factio Magazine, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and Legal Notice.
Photo Shoots
Third party photographers, stylists, make-up artist, assistant(s) and/or any party involved in an event, photo shoot, video shoot are welcome to submit and collaborate for publication in our magazine either print or online. However, we (Factio Magazine) do not take any responsibility for merchandise, borrowed objects, or rentals, that are stolen, damaged or lost.
Contacting the Website
If you have any questions about this privacy and legal notice statement, the practices of this site, or your interactions with this website, you may contact:
Factio Magazine
www.factio-magazine.com
www.runwaytoretail.com
Chicago, IL
USA
info@factio-magazine.com
Connect with us
Ads
Follow us on Instagram @factiomagazine
Popular
Recent
Comments
Tags
Equinox Ads Flow Play Yoga to the Line-up
November 18, 2013
Sarah Jessica Parker will be Coming to a City Near You to Launch her SJP Collection!
January 13, 2014
Luxe Winter Treatments at the Spa@theWit
November 12, 2013
Video: Dubai – Chicago O’Hare EK235 – EK236 Boeing 777
February 1, 2015
Buddha Head Sculptures Help Bring Peace to Chicago
October 8, 2013
Falling for ECCO Shoes This Spring
May 2, 2013
The Luxurious Grand Velas Cabo All-Inclusive Resor ...
June 13, 2020
TellurideGlow’s Powerful Products to Revital ...
June 3, 2020
Have the Best Girls Weekend in New Orleans
February 26, 2020
We Tried Snap Kitchen’s Nutritious Dietitian-Curat ...
February 26, 2020
Gucci Opened a Psychedelic New Pop up Shop in Chic ...
February 20, 2020
These Are the Best CBD Products for Moms, by Moms
February 10, 2020
[…] Previous Next […]
December 18, 2015
[…] is at the top of our priority list. Ther ...
December 16, 2015
[…] there was Marie Antoinette. Costume Desi ...
July 15, 2015
[…] just had to show you some of our favorit ...
July 15, 2015
[…] for the international jet-set. On our re ...
July 15, 2015
[…] fashionnews […]
January 16, 2015
zurich west
zunfthaus zur waag
Zooey Deschanel
Zoo-ologie 2018
Zoo-ologie 2017
Zoo-Ologie 2015
Latest Tweets
Your user name is probably wrongPlease check it (Detailed info: Invalid or expired token.)
Fashion
Beauty
Profiles
Fetes
Travel
Calendar of Events
Shop