https://faultlinechorus.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - The Fault Line A Cappella Chorus
Facebook
Instagram
Youtube
COVID-19 Update
Home
About
Who we are
Photo Gallery
Privacy Policy
Book Us
Show & Events
Guest Night 2020
Fall Show 2020
Calendar
Contact Us
Select Page
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: November 14, 2019
INTRODUCTION
This privacy
policy (“Policy”) describes how The Fault Line A Capella Chorus, rehearsing
in  Burlingame, CA 94010 (“Company,” “we,”
and “our”) processes, collects, uses and shares personal data when using
this website FaultLineChorus.org (the “Site”). Please read
the following information carefully to understand our practices regarding your
personal data and how we will process data.
The privacy of our visitors is
important to us.
At The Fault Line A Capella Chorus,
we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is
information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when
you use and visit our Site, and how we safeguard your information. We never sell your personal information
to third parties.
1. WHAT IS PERSONAL DATA?
We collect information about you
in a range of forms, including personal data. As used in this Policy, “personal
data” is as defined in the General Data Protection Regulation, this includes
any information which, either alone or in combination with other information we
process about you, identifies you as an individual, including, for example,
your name, postal address, email address and telephone number.
2. INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
While using our Service, we may
ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can
be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may
include, but is not limited to, your email address, name, phone number, and
mailing address (“Personal Information”).
We collect this information for
the purpose of providing the Service, identifying and communicating with you,
responding to your requests/inquiries, servicing any purchases you make and
improving our services.
As with most other websites, we
collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log
files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service
provider, such as AOL or Comcast), the browser you used to visit our site (such
as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages
you visited throughout our site.
We will use and disclose your
Personal Information only as follows:
To promote use, including continued use, of
our Services. For example, if you leave your personal information when you
visit our Website and do not sign up for any of our services or programs, we
may send you one or more emails asking whether you wish to sign up. If you use
any of our Services, and may benefit from using one or more other Services we
offer, we may send you an email telling you about the other Service or
Services.To bill and collect sums owed to us for any of
our products, programs and services you purchase. Uses for this purpose include
sending you emails, invoices, receipts and notices of delinquency, to alert you
if we need a different credit card number, and to otherwise try to collect
money owed. We may use third parties to handle secure credit card transaction
processing and send billing information to such third parties, who maintain all
information in confidence, to process your orders and credit card payments. To
learn more about what steps we take to safeguard such data, see below.To provide customer support and obtain
feedback.For internal use, whether in the form actually
received or pseudonymously or anonymously, by way of example and not limitation
circulating email addresses internally for identifying the most common web
hosts used by our customers, or reviewing IP addresses for information about
the general geographic areas of origin of our users.To disclose the information that we have to
you in response to any valid request from you to know what of your information
we possess, and in response to a valid request to exercise your “right to be
forgotten” as detailed further below.To communicate with you concerning your
account for an informational, as opposed to promotional, purpose.To transfer your information in the event of
the sale of substantially all of the assets of our business to a third-party or
in the event of a merger, consolidation or acquisition. However, in such event,
any acquirer will be subject to our obligations under this Privacy Policy.To send you informational and promotional
materials that you elect (“opt-in”) to receive.Testimonials: We display personal testimonials
of satisfied customers on our Site in addition to other endorsements. With your
consent, we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you wish to
update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at Info@FaultLineChorus.org
3. YOUR RIGHTS IN RESPECT OF YOUR
PERSONAL DATA
In accordance with applicable
privacy law, you have the following rights in respect of your personal
information that we hold:
The right to request
access to and to receive your personal information that is collected by The
Fault Line A Capella Chorus.The right to request
updates to any of your personal information that is inaccurate or incomplete.The right to erase
your personal information such as when the information is no longer necessary
in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or processed.The right to obtain
the restriction of the processing undertaken by us on your personal information
in certain circumstances, such as where the accuracy of the personal information
is contested by you, for a period enabling us to verify the accuracy of that
personal information.The right to object on
grounds relating to your particular situation, to the processing of your
personal information, and to object to processing of your personal information
for direct marketing purposes, to the extent it is related to such direct
marketing.
If you wish to exercise one of
these rights, please contact us using the contact details at the end of this
Privacy Policy.
4. COOKIES AND WEB BEACONS
Cookies and Tracking Technologies:
Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by The Fault
Line A Capella Chorus. These technologies may be used in analyzing trends,
administering the Sites, tracking your movements around the Sites and to gather
demographic information about our user base as a whole. We use cookies to
remember users’ settings as well as for authentication and analytics. Users can
control the use of cookies at the individual browser level.
We may also use cookies to store
information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. For
example, only showing you a popup once in your visit.
We may use both session cookies
(which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent cookies (which
stay on your computer or mobile device until you delete them) to provide you
with a more personal and interactive experience on our Site.
5. HOW TO CONTROL COOKIES
When you first visit this website
we ask for your consent to use cookies. You can choose not to accept cookies
but please be aware that services you request may not be available. If you
delete your cookies or clear your cache, you may be asked to give your consent
again. This is because a cookie is usually used to remember the choice you made
the first time.
If you wish to revoke your consent
to the use of cookies on this website you can either delete the cookies in your
browser’s memory or clear your cache.
If you wish to prevent cookies
being set before you visit this website, or most other websites, you can set
your browser to block cookies. Most browsers allow you to do this in their
settings.
You can also visit
www.allaboutcookies.org for details on how to delete or reject cookies and for
further information on cookies in general.
6. ANALYTICS
We use Google Analytics to measure
and evaluate access to and traffic on the Public Area of the Site, and create
user navigation reports for our Site administrators. Google operates
independently from us and has its own privacy policy, which we strongly suggest
you review. Google may use the information collected through Google Analytics
to evaluate Users’ and Visitors’ activity on our Site. For more information,
see Google Analytics Privacy and Data
Sharing.
We take measures to protect the
technical information collected by our use of Google Analytics. The data
collected will only be used on a need to know basis to resolve technical
issues, administer the Site and identify visitor preferences; but in this case,
the data will be in non-identifiable form. We do not use any of this
information to identify Visitors or Users.
You may opt out from the
collection of navigation information about your visit to the Site by Google
Analytics by using the Google
Analytics Opt-out feature.
7. ADVERTISING
We may use other companies to
serve third-party advertisements when you visit and use the Site. These
companies may collect and use click stream information, browser type, time and
date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over during your visits to
the Site and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and
services likely to be of interest to you. These companies typically use
tracking technologies to collect this information. Other companies’ use of
their tracking technologies is subject to their own privacy policies.
8. THIRD PARTY COOKIES
California law requires that
operators of websites and online services disclose whether other third parties
may collect personally identifiable information about an individual’s online
activities from their site or service. We allow third parties with which we
have a separate agreement to use cookies and other technologies to collect
information about your use of the Site. These third parties include (1)
business partners, which collect information when you view or interact with one
of their advertisements on the Site; and (2) advertising networks, which
collect information about your interests when you view or interact with one of
their advertisements.
The information gathered by these
third parties is used to make predictions about your interests or preferences
so that they can display advertisements or promotional material on this Site
and on other sites across the Internet tailored to your apparent interests.
The business partners and
advertising networks that serve interest-based advertisements on the Services
have limited access to a small amount of information about your profile and
your device, which is necessary to serve you advertisements that are tailored
to your apparent interests. It is possible that they may reuse this small
amount of information on other sites or services.
We do not have access to, or
control over, the technologies that these third parties may use to collect
information about your interests, and the information practices of these third
parties are not covered by this Privacy Notice. Other than as discussed in this
document, we have no control over these third parties.
9. BEHAVIORAL REMARKETING AND
ADVERTISING
The Fault Line A Capella Chorus
uses remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to you after you
visited our Service. We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform,
optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.
10. INFORMATION FROM SOCIAL
NETWORKING SITES
Our Site includes interfaces that
allow you to connect with social networking sites (each a “SNS”). If you
connect to a SNS through our Site, you authorize us to access, use and store
the information that you agreed the SNS could provide to us based on your
settings on that SNS. We will access, use and store that information in
accordance with this Policy. You can revoke our access to the information you
provide in this way at any time by amending the appropriate settings from
within your account settings on the applicable SNS.
11. GOOGLE MARKETING SERVICES
On our website, we use the
marketing and remarketing services of Google LLC (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway,
Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; “Google”). These services allow us to display
advertisements in a more targeted manner in order to present advertisements of
interest to users. Through remarketing, ads and products are displayed to users
relating to an interest established by activity on other websites within the
Google Network. For these purposes, a code is used by Google when our website
is accessed and what are referred to as (re)marketing tags are incorporated
into the website.
With their help, an individual
cookie, i.e. a small file, is stored on the user’s device (comparable
technologies may also be used instead of cookies). Cookies can be set by
various domains, including google.com, doubleclick.net, invitemedia.com,
admeld.com, googlesyndication.com or googleadservices.com. This file records which
apps users have visited, which content they are interested in and which offers
have been used. In addition, technical information about the browser and
operating system, referring websites, the length of the visit as well as any
additional data about the use of the online products and services are stored.
The IP address of users is also recorded, although we would like inform you
that within the framework of Google Analytics, IP addresses within Member
States of the European Union or in other contracting states to the Agreement on
the European Economic Area are truncated.
All user data will only be
processed as pseudonymous data. Google does not store any names or e-mail
addresses. All displayed ads are therefore not displayed specifically for a
person, but for the owner of the cookie. This information is collected by
Google and transmitted to and stored by servers in the USA.
One of the Google marketing
services we use is the online advertising program Google AdWords. In the case
of Google AdWords, each AdWords customer receives a different conversion
cookie. Cookies can therefore not be tracked through the websites of AdWords
customers. The information collected by the cookie is used to generate
conversion statistics for AdWords customers who have opted for conversion
tracking. AdWords customers see the total number of users who clicked on their
ad and were redirected to a page with a conversion tracking tag.
Google services make use of
Google’s Tag Manager. For more information about Google’s use of data for
marketing purposes, please see the summary page:  https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads, Google’s privacy policy is
available at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy.
The legal basis for the use of
this service is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR. If you wish to
object to interest-based advertising by Google marketing services, you can do
so using the settings and opt-out options provided by Google:  https://www.google.com/ads/preferences.
We also may use DART cookies for
ad serving through Google’s DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer
when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising
(including some Google AdSense advertisements). This cookie is used to serve
ads specific to you and your interests (“interest based targeting”). The ads
served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history (For example,
if you have been viewing sites about visiting Las Vegas, you may see Las Vegas
hotel advertisements when viewing a non-related site, such as on a site about
hockey). DART uses “non personally identifiable information”. It does NOT track
personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical
address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or
credit card numbers. You can opt-out of this ad serving on all sites using this
advertising by visiting https://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/dart_adserving.aspx
You can choose to disable or
selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser
settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet
Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site
as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to
services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
Deleting cookies does not mean you
are permanently opted out of any advertising program. Unless you have settings
that disallow cookies, the next time you visit a site running the advertisements,
a new cookie will be added.
12. FACEBOOK
We use the “visitor action pixels”
from Facebook Inc (1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA, or, if you are
based in the EU, Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal
Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland (“Facebook”)) on our website.
This allows user behavior to be
tracked after they have been redirected to the provider’s website by clicking
on a Facebook ad. This enables us to measure the effectiveness of Facebook ads
for statistical and market research purposes. The data collected in this way is
anonymous to us, i.e. we do not see the personal data of individual users.
However, this data is stored and
processed by Facebook, which is why we are informing you, based on our
knowledge of the situation. Facebook may link this information to your Facebook
account and also use it for its own promotional purposes, in accordance with
Facebook’s Data Usage Policy https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/. You can allow Facebook and its
partners to place ads on and off Facebook. A cookie may also be stored on your
computer for these purposes.
The legal basis for the use of
this service is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR. You can object to
the collection of your data by Facebook pixel, or to the use of your data for
the purpose of displaying Facebook ads by contacting the following
address: https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads.
Facebook is certified under the
Privacy Shield Agreement and thus guarantees compliance with European data
protection legislation (https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000GnywAAC&status=Active).
13. INTEGRATED SERVICES AND THIRD
PARTY CONTENT
We use services and content
provided by third parties on our website (hereinafter collectively referred to
as “content”). For this kind of integration, it is technically necessary to
process your IP address so that the content can be sent to your browser. Your
IP address will therefore be transmitted to the respective third party
provider.
In each case, this data processing
is carried out to safeguard our legitimate interests in the optimization and
the commercial operations of our website, the legal basis of which is Art. 6
paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR.
The Java programming language is
regularly used to integrate content. Therefore, you can object to data processing
by deactivating Java operations in your browser.
We have integrated contents from
Google LLC into our website:
“Google Web Fonts” for using Google’s
fonts;“YouTube” for displaying videos.
Google is certified under the
Privacy Shield Agreement and thus guarantees compliance with European data
protection legislation (https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active.
14. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
FROM OUR WEBSITE
To the extent that our Website
contains links to sites operated by third parties and not related to our
products or services (“Linked Websites”), the Linked Websites are not
controlled by us and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those
companies. Before disclosing your personal information to Linked Websites, we
advise you to examine their privacy policies.
15. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
We will not share any Personal
Data with third-parties for their direct marketing purposes to the extent
prohibited by California law. If our practices change, we will do so in
accordance with applicable laws and will notify you in advance.
16. NO CHILDREN UNDER AGE 18
The Offerings are not intended for
use by anyone under the age of 18, nor does The Fault Line A Capella Chorus
knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of
18. If you are under 18, you may not attempt to register for the Offerings
& Services or send any information about yourself to us, including your
name, address, telephone number, or email address. In the event that we confirm
that we have collected personal information from someone under the age of 18
without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information
promptly. If you are a parent or legal guardian of a child under 18 and believe
that we might have any information from or about such child, please contact us
at the email or mailing address provided at the end of this Privacy Policy.
17. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFER
Your information, including
personal data that we collect from you, may be transferred to, stored at and
processed by us outside the country in which you reside, where data protection
and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other
parts of the world. By accepting this Policy, you agree to this transfer,
storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure
that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Policy.
18. SECURITY
We seek to use reasonable
organizational, technical and administrative measures to protect personal data
within our organization. Unfortunately, no transmission or storage system can
be guaranteed to be completely secure, and transmission of information via the
internet is not completely secure. If you have reason to believe that your
interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the
security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), please
immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us.
19. RETENTION
We may retain your personal data
until you notify us you wish to be removed, close your account or cancel your
subscription, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law
(for example for regulatory purposes).
20. CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to change our
Privacy Policy at any time. If we make changes, we will post them and will
indicate on this page the policy’s new effective date. If we make material
changes to this policy, we will notify you by email if we have collected it.
21. QUESTIONS
If you have any questions,
comments, or concerns or wish to update, delete or change any Personal
Information submitted on this Site, or have any questions about our Privacy
Policy, please notify us via email at info@FaultLineChorus.org
This shall also serve as the designated contact information for any valid
exercising of the “right to be forgotten.”
22. COMPANY INFORMATION
The Fault Line A Capella Chorus Burlingame, CA USA
23. HOW TO CONTACT US
Email: info@FaultLineChorus.org
Phone: 650-242-5996
Contact Information
650-242-5996
info@FaultLineChorus.org
Rehearsals on Zoom!
Check the Calendar for Zoom information
Home
About
Calendar
Members
Book Us
Shows & Events
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Facebook
Instagram
Youtube
© The Fault Line A Cappella Chorus
2020 | Designed by Jucebox Local Marketing Partners