http://fearofwriting.com/terms/
Terms - Fear of Writing
Fear of Writing
. . . putting the fun back into writing!
Menu
Skip to content
Home
Got fear?
Chapter One
Gremlin
Online Course
Workshop
About Milli
Contact
Blog
Terms
Copyright © Milli Thornton
Fear of Writing artwork Copyright © Steve Andrus
All aspects of this web site and blog are copyright Milli Thornton and her affiliates or content and technology providers.
In accessing these web pages, you agree that any downloading of content is for personal, non-commercial reference only. No part of this web site may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without prior permission of the Website Owner. See User Content under Terms & Conditions for more details.
For rights clearance please contact us. Contact details are at the bottom of this page.
———
Terms & Conditions – Use of www.fearofwriting.com and related websites
These Terms of Service also covers Milli Thornton’s main website [millithornton.com] and the websites and related programs for Milli’s other books:
The Primal Writer
The Microchip in the Writer’s Brain
Writers, Low Income & Low Self-Esteem
Introduction
These terms and conditions govern your use of this website; by using this website, you accept these terms and conditions in full. If you disagree with these terms and conditions or any part of these terms and conditions, you must not use this website.
You must be at least 18 years of age to use this website. By using this website, and by agreeing to these terms and conditions, you warrant and represent that you are at least 18 years of age.
License to use website
Unless otherwise stated, Milli Thornton and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights in the website and material on the website. Subject to the license below, all these intellectual property rights are reserved.
You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages or images from the website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these terms and conditions.
You must not:
republish material from this
website (including republication on another website);
sell, rent or sub-license
material from the website;
show any material from the
website in public;
reproduce, duplicate, copy or
otherwise exploit material on this website for a commercial purpose;
edit or otherwise modify any
material on the website; or
redistribute material from
this website, except for content specifically and expressly made available
for redistribution.
Where content is specifically made available for redistribution, it may only be redistributed to sites or publishers that were specified in the written permissions, and with the product retaining all images, image credits, author credits and links—with the exception of affiliate or advertiser links.
Acceptable use
You must not use this website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the website; or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity.
You must not use this website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software.
You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to this website without Milli Thornton’s express written consent.
You must not use this website to transmit or send unsolicited commercial communications.
You must not use this website for any purposes related to marketing without Milli Thornton’s express written consent.
Restricted access
Access to certain areas of this website is restricted. Milli Thornton reserves the right to restrict access to [other] areas of this website, or indeed this entire website, at Milli Thornton’s discretion.
If Milli Thornton provides you with a user ID and password to enable you to access restricted areas of this website or other content or services, you must ensure that the user ID and password are kept confidential.
Milli Thornton may disable your user ID and password in Milli Thornton’s sole discretion without notice or explanation.
User content
In these terms and conditions, “your user content” means material (including without limitation text, images, audio material, video material and audio-visual material) that you submit to this website, for whatever purpose.
First Worldwide Internet Rights You grant to Milli Thornton a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute your user content on the Internet. You also grant to Milli Thornton Perpetual Rights (wherever your material is part of the site’s archives), and the right to bring an action for infringement of either of these rights.
Granting of Reprint Rights You cannot offer reprint rights to other publications without the express permission of Milli Thornton.
Your user content must not be illegal or unlawful, must not infringe any third party’s legal rights, and must not be capable of giving rise to legal action whether against you or Milli Thornton or a third party (in each case under any applicable law).
You must not submit any user content to the website that is or has ever been the subject of any threatened or actual legal proceedings or other similar complaint.
Milli Thornton reserves the right to edit or remove any material submitted to this website, or stored on Milli Thornton’s servers, or hosted or published upon this website.
Notwithstanding Milli Thornton’s rights under these terms and conditions in relation to user content, Milli Thornton does not undertake to monitor the submission of such content to, or the publication of such content on, this website.
No warranties
This website is provided “as is” without any representations or warranties, express or implied. Milli Thornton makes no representations or warranties in relation to this website or the information and materials provided on this website.
Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing paragraph, Milli Thornton does not warrant that:
this website will be
constantly available, or available at all; or
the information on this
website is complete, true, accurate or non-misleading.
Nothing on this website constitutes, or is meant to constitute, advice of any kind. If you require advice in relation to any legal, financial, travel, travel insurance, accommodation, car rental, vacation activity, vacation booking, vacation booking refunds or disputes, or any medical matter you should consult an appropriate professional.
Limitations of liability
Milli Thornton will not be liable to you (whether under the law of contact, the law of torts or otherwise) in relation to the contents of, or use of, or otherwise in connection with, this website:
to the extent that the
website is provided free-of-charge, for any direct loss;
for any indirect, special or
consequential loss; or
for any business losses, loss
of revenue, income, profits or anticipated savings, loss of contracts or
business relationships, loss of reputation or goodwill, or loss or
corruption of information or data.
These limitations of liability apply even if Milli Thornton has been expressly advised of the potential loss.
Exceptions
Nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit any warranty implied by law that it would be unlawful to exclude or limit; and nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit Milli Thornton’s liability in respect of any:
death or personal injury
caused by Milli Thornton’s negligence;
fraud or fraudulent
misrepresentation on the part of Milli Thornton; or
matter which it would be
illegal or unlawful for Milli Thornton to exclude or limit, or to attempt
or purport to exclude or limit, its liability.
Reasonableness
By using this website, you agree that the exclusions and limitations of liability set out in this website disclaimer are reasonable.
If you do not think they are reasonable, you must not use this website.
Other parties
You accept that, as a limited liability entity, Milli Thornton has an interest in limiting the personal liability of its officers and employees. You agree that you will not bring any claim personally against Milli Thornton’s officers or employees in respect of any losses you suffer in connection with the website.
Without prejudice to the foregoing paragraph, you agree that the limitations of warranties and liability set out in this website disclaimer will protect Milli Thornton’s officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, successors, assigns and sub-contractors as well as Milli Thornton.
Unenforceable provisions
If any provision of this website disclaimer is, or is found to be, unenforceable under applicable law, that will not affect the enforceability of the other provisions of this website disclaimer.
Indemnity
You hereby indemnify Milli Thornton and undertake to keep Milli Thornton indemnified against any losses, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation legal expenses and any amounts paid by Milli Thornton to a third party in settlement of a claim or dispute on the advice of Milli Thornton’s legal advisers) incurred or suffered by Milli Thornton arising out of any breach by you of any provision of these terms and conditions, or arising out of any claim that you have breached any provision of these terms and conditions.
Breaches of these terms and conditions
Without prejudice to Milli Thornton’s other rights under these terms and conditions, if you breach these terms and conditions in any way, Milli Thornton may take such action as Milli Thornton deems appropriate to deal with the breach, including suspending your access to the website, prohibiting you from accessing the website, blocking computers using your IP address from accessing the website, contacting your internet service provider to request that they block your access to the website and/or bringing court proceedings against you.
Variation
Milli Thornton may revise these terms and conditions from time-to-time. Revised terms and conditions will apply to the use of this website from the date of the publication of the revised terms and conditions on this website. Please check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current version.
Assignment
Milli Thornton may transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with Milli Thornton’s rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions without notifying you or obtaining your consent.
You may not transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with your rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions.
Severability
If a provision of these terms and conditions is determined by any court or other competent authority to be unlawful and/or unenforceable, the other provisions will continue in effect. If any unlawful and/or unenforceable provision would be lawful or enforceable if part of it were deleted, that part will be deemed to be deleted, and the rest of the provision will continue in effect.
Entire agreement
These terms and conditions, together with the FTC Compliance Notice, Privacy Policy and Copyright Notice,
constitute the entire agreement between you and Milli Thornton in relation to your use of this website, and supersede all previous agreements in respect of your use of this website.
Law and jurisdiction
These terms and conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with Ohio law and any disputes relating to these terms and conditions will be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of New Mexico.
About these website terms and conditions
These website terms and conditions are based on a Contractology website terms and conditions document available at www.freenetlaw.com. Premium precedents available from Contractology include copyright agreement templates.
Milli Thornton’s details
The full name of Milli Thornton is Milli Marie Thornton.
Milli Thornton’s mailing address is P.O. Box 3857, Taos, NM 87571
You can contact Milli Thornton by mail, phone or email by visiting the Contact Us page.
———
Additional Privacy Statement of Fear of Writing
View our main Privacy Statement
Information about our Organization and Websites
Modern information and communication technologies play a fundamental role in the activities of an organization such as The Word Nerd. We are based in USA.
Our principal activity is: support and entertainment for writers
Our privacy policy covers Milli Thornton’s author website, AND Fear of Writing and its website, AND Milli’s other book websites:
MilliThornton.com
Fear of Writing
The Primal Writer
The Microchip in the Writer’s Brain
Writers, Low Income & Low Self-Esteem
Milli Thornton dba The Word Nerd
P.O. Box 3857
Taos, NM 87571 USA
Controller: Milli Thornton
Web Sites(s):
millithornton.com
fearofwriting.com
theprimalwriter.com
thewritersmicrochip.com
writingincomeselfesteem.com
Providing Visitors with Anonymous Access
You can access our Web site’s home page and browse our sites without disclosing your personal data.
The services and links of our Web sites
Our Web sites enable you to communicate with other visitors or to post information to be accessed by others. When you do so, other visitors may see data, such as your name, website URL or social media IDs. We do not disclose your email address, even when it is collected by visitors leaving blog comments.
Automatic Collection of Information
We automatically log personal data by means such as programming or we link information automatically logged by such means with personal data about specific individuals. We do so for the following purposes:
Technical administration of the Web site
Marketing
Blog comments
We use cookies to store personal data or we link information stored in cookies with personal data about specific individuals. We do so for the following purposes:
Technical administration of the Web site
Customer administration
Blog commenting
Data Collection and Purpose Specification
We collect the personal data that you may volunteer while using our services. We do not collect information about our visitors from other sources, such as public records or bodies, or private organizations.
We may collect and use personal data for the additional purposes of:
Bios for guest bloggers and staff writers
Reminders to attend our events
Client data for online course and coaching services
If we wish to use your personal data for new purposes, we offer you the means to consent to those new purposes:
– by sending an email (See the Contact Us page of this site)
– by calling this telephone number ( 830-832-1355 )
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal data from children.
We take specific steps to protect the privacy of children by:
– making reasonable efforts to ensure that a parent has authorized the collection of the child’s personal data and use of the child’s personal data for the disclosure to third parties.
– giving parents the option to consent to the collection and use of the child’s personal data for our internal use and use of the child’s personal data for the disclosure to third parties.
Disclosure and Visitor Choice
We do not disclose your personal data to our subsidiaries or other organizations.
Confidentiality / Security
We have implemented security policies, rules and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control from:
unauthorized access
improper use or disclosure
unauthorized modification
unlawful destruction or accidental loss
All our employees and data processors, who have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal data, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of our visitors’ personal data. We ensure that your personal data will not be disclosed to State institutions and authorities except if required by law or other regulation.
Access to the personal data we may hold about you
You can ask us whether we are keeping personal data about you by:
– sending an email (See the Contact Us page of this site)
– sending postal mail to this address ( P.O. Box 3857, Taos NM 87571 )
– calling this telephone number ( 830-832-1355 )
We will provide you with a readable copy of the personal data which we keep about you, within a week. To protect you from identity fraud, we will require proof of your identity before disclosing your information. We will provide the information without any charge.
We allow you to challenge the data that we hold about you and, where appropriate, you may have the data:
erased
rectified or amended
completed
Privacy Compliance
Our privacy policy is compliant with the following instrument: FTC disclosure of affiliate advertising
Privacy Support
If you have an inquiry or concern about our privacy policy, please contact:
Milli Thornton, site owner
P.O. Box 3857, Taos NM 87571
Phone Number : (830) 832-1355
Email address : See the Contact Us page of this site
URLs: millithornton.com | fearofwriting.com | theprimalwriter.com | thewritersmicrochip.com | writingincomeselfesteem.com
Share and Enjoy !0Shares0
0
Site Map
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Cancellations
Contact Milli
Copyright © 2020 Milli Thornton275 Southview Ave · Suite 203A · Moscow ID 83843 · USA Proudly powered by WordPress