http://fearofwriting.com/privacy/
The privacy policy for the writing website you are visiting is designed to help you understand how we use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us.
This privacy policy describes the practices of
MilliThornton.com
fearofwriting.com
Fear of Writing blog
10K Day for Writers
Unleash Your Writing! (in concert with all online courses offered by Milli Thornton at unleashyourwriting.com/moodle)
Fear of Writing Online Course (in concert with all online courses offered by Milli Thornton at fearofwriting.com/moodle)
Fear of Writing Graduate Course
Screenwriting in the Boonies
Fear of Writing Gazette (email newsletter)
Fear of Writing Clinic and other workshops conducted by Milli Thornton
Closet Writers’ Liberation Camp
The archives at FoW Gazette
Any of the sites listed above may provide direct links to various marketing partners, where you can purchase products and services or register for more information. Our privacy statement does not describe the practices of our partners. Before disclosing personal information on any other Website, you should read the privacy policy associated with that site.
Information That We Collect
Newsletter
You may register with us to receive the Fear of Writing Gazette (email newsletter). We do not sell or share our mailing list with anyone. In addition, we use the double opt-in method to ensure you only receive the mailings you signed up for. This helps in the war against Spam and also keeps undesirable elements off our mailing list.
When you subscribe, we ask for your email address, your first and last name and your city, state and country. New subscribers providing names that are obviously a hoax or a joke will be deleted.
As “General Fear of Writing News” from time to time we may make announcements to our mailing list or send you information on special offers that are not published within the framework of the regular publications you receive. If you do not wish to receive these notices, you can use the Unsubscribe link to remove yourself from all Fear of Writing mailings.
The Fear of Writing Gazette uses the mailing service MailChimp (compliant with CAN-Spam) and provides an Unsubscribe link in every issue.
Writing Contests
When you enter a writing contest through the Fear of Writing Gazette, you agree to allow your story (should it be the winning entry) to be published in the Fear of Writing Gazette or at www.fearofwriting.com. We request only those details that would make your “winning entry” feature more enjoyable for both you and our readers: for example, your first and last name, your city and state, a small bio stating your writing accomplishments and any personal details you wish to include plus an optional photo to be published with your story. We will not publish your email address or give it out to anyone. If there is a physical prize to ship to you, we will request your mailing address.
Please be sure to consult the official rules of any contest you enter as specific data collection and usage practices may vary by contest.
Online Course
When you enroll in the Fear of Writing Online Course and http://fearofwriting.com/moodle or any of the courses offered at Unleash Your Writing! and http://unleashyourwriting.com/moodle, we ask for more comprehensive contact details, including mailing address and phone number. The majority of our contact with online students is done by email and we never use your phone number for tele-marketing purposes.
For the Fear of Writing Online Course, there is one mandatory phone call before you enroll (see Enrollment Procedure) and there may be additional follow-up calls throughout the course. Usually this happens if the student demonstrates a noticeable lapse in the regular posting of assignments. The reason for the follow-up calls is because we want you to finish the course and get your money’s worth (not to mention, your creativity’s worth!).
After a student enrolls in the Online Course, he or she is given access to the place online where our course is hosted at http://fearofwriting.com/moodle. This is a password-protected area and only course presenters and fellow students can see what you post there. You will have the opportunity to create a profile, where you can supply some personal info plus a photo. This profile is not searchable on the search engines. You can also opt to make your email address available to other students, or choose our “privacy preferred” email address (the second choice means you will be unable to subscribe by email to the students forums, which will hamper your participation in the course).
Our Curriculum Guidelines point out that all writing posted in the Moodle area automatically has copyright belonging to the author of the piece, and that no one may copy your writing, your photo or anything else you share without your permission. Each student is required to sign off on the Curriculum Guidelines before commencing the assignments.
Also after you enroll in the Fear of Writing Online Course, your email address will be added to the mailing list for the student newsletter, “Inner Doggie” News. This newsletter provides periodic news of changes or updates to the Online Course, contests, features about yourself or fellow students (all photos, quotes and information used by permission only), along with reminders about course guidelines or relevant deadlines.
Workshop Notifications
At fearofwriting.com/workshop you may subscribe to either or both of the writing workshop notification lists. These lists are used to contact you about the Fear of Writing Clinic, the Tantrick Writing Clinic and other writing workshops or writing teleseminars by Milli Thornton. You may unsubscribe at any time by using the Unsubscribe link provided in the email.
Yahoo! groups
When you sign up for our Yahoo! groups you are subject to the privacy policy at Yahoo. The member list at FoW Gazette may only be used by the moderator/group owner. The member list at Closet Writers’ Liberation Camp is moderated by the group owner and incompatible material will not be approved for posting.
How We Use the Information
In general, we use the information you provide in order to
respond to your requests for information
provide the services and/or publications you request
provide customer service
provide links between targeted product and service providers and appropriate individuals.
If you purchase a product or service on our site, you may provide us with a credit card number. This credit card number will only be used to process your purchase by our authorized online retailer (PayPal.com). The owner of the sites listed on this page (Milli Thornton) does not actually see your credit card number, but we do see your contact details. We will use these contact details for customer service if necessary. We do not add you to the mailing list when you make a purchase with us.
However, we may disclose any information when legally compelled to do so or when needed for the protection of our legal rights. For example, we may disclose information about you in response to a subpoena or government investigation. We may also disclose information about you in connection with the transfer of assets of our business.
Your Choices
Updating Your Information or Opting Out of the Mailing List
At any time while receiving a mailing from us using our MailChimp mailing service, you may use the Update Profile link to remove yourself from or add yourself to different mailing lists at Fear of Writing or to provide a different email address.
You may use the Unsubscribe link at the top and bottom of every mailing to safely unsubscribe from all Fear of Writing mailing lists. You can also revisit this Privacy Policy by clicking a link at the bottom of our mailings.
Opting In for Offers or Info and/or Purchasing from Our Marketing Partners
Fear of Writing is an associate or affiliate linked to certain other products and services on the Internet for the purpose of providing our visitors with useful books and tools to help with your creative endeavors. Should you make a purchase with any of our marketing partners, we have no control over the transaction once you click out of our site. Should you provide information for any surveys, free email courses or other offers, you do so by choice—as a separate action and as distinct from your visit to fearofwriting.com.You should read the privacy policy and any terms of service pages at those independent Websites.
Email A Friend/Tell A Friend
You may use various buttons on our Website or in our email mailings to send Fear of Writing Web pages, newsletters or announcements to friends. We ask that you do this using Internet etiquette and commonsense. Please do not use our buttons to inundate others with unwelcome links or mailings. Doing so may give reason for us to remove you from our mailing list(s).
Special Offers
We send all new members a welcoming email. Established members will occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals, or a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications. Please see the description of our opt-out policy above.
Cookies and Website Information
Like most other commercial websites, we use standard Web server logs to collect information about how our Website is used. Information gathered by our Web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our Website, and the Websites visited just before and just after our Website. This information is collected on an aggregate basis. None of this information is associated with you as an individual.
However, we do not use cookies. Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored by your Web browser on your hard drive. The cookies allow Web servers to recognize the computers used to access a Websites.
Children
Our mailings comply with the Childhood Protection Registry laws. In addition, our Website is kept as clean as possible for young visitors. We also suggest that parents monitor the usage of minors visiting fearofwriting.com, to ensure that what they see complies with the parents’ view of what their children should be exposed to.
In the interests of free expression, students of the Fear of Writing Online Course, other online courses offered by Milli Thornton and members of Closet Writer’s Liberation Camp (a Yahoo! group at http://groups.yahoo.com/group/fertilematerial) may post material that contains some sexual content or some amount of violence relevant to the story. Writers posting such stories must use the tag “Adult Content” on the subject of their story. Story postings are seen by members only and all posts are moderated by the course owner or group owner.
How Do We Secure Information Transmissions?
If you purchase a product from us, our authorized online retailer (PayPal.com) will ask for a credit card number. These transactions are secured using licensed secure server software which encrypts the information you provide, otherwise known as SSL encryption.
Contact Us With Any Questions
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of our Websites, or your dealings with any of the Websites listed above, please visit Contact Us and use the contact form to email site owner Milli Thornton.
Milli Thornton dba The Word Nerd | P.O. Box 80716, Albuquerque, NM 87198 | Ph: (830) 832-1355
Share and Enjoy !0Shares0
0