https://fiddlersofthegenesee.org/privacy-policy
Who we are
Fiddlers of the Genesee is a not-for-profit 501.c (3) organization. Our website address is: https://fiddlersofthegenesee.org.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Contact forms
Use of our online contact forms is optional. They are designed and intended for collecting visitor name, email, and any other information appropriate for us to respond to a question or request. We do not solicit financial or other personal data.
An organization membership application form is also available on the site as a fillable and printable PDF. Information entered on this form is outside of the security of our website and we are therefore not responsible for securing personal information during data entry onto the form or in its transit to our organization.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
This site utilizes one or more WordPress plugins that provide analytics services.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account or otherwise subscribed to this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your inquiry.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to inform you about upcoming events.
Additional information
How we protect your data
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Only designated members of our organization who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, scheduling performances or sending membership enrollment information) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
Both our site platform and hosting are provided by WordPress.  Please visit their website to review their privacy and security policies.
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
As a member or nonmember of our organization, you may have opted or subscribed to receive periodic newsletters or alerts regarding new posts. This information is distributed automatically through functionality provided by WordPress and compatible 3rd-party “plugins”.
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
Fiddlers of the Genesee is a not-for-profit 501.c (3) organization
Redress
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (585) 234-3582 or via email at fogwny@gmail.com
Jam Sessions
Join us Friday nights
Read more
Become a FOG Member Membership has its benefits
Read more
Gig Schedule Come see us play
Read more
Scroll to Top