http://fidm.com/en/about/policies+disclosures/student+policies/
For the latest information on FIDM's operations during COVID-19, click here.
HomeAboutPolicies & DisclosuresStudent Policies
Student Policies
Here you'll find everything you need to know about FIDM's student policies.
Student Rights
Within the Classroom
Student Conduct Responsibilities
Students Services
Graduation
Grade Appeal
Students may appeal a final grade during the subsequent quarter and not beyond such time. The student schedules a meeting with the instructor to discuss how the final grade was determined. If no resolution is achieved, the student may go to the Education Department to fill out the Grade Appeal Petition form. The appeal will be reviewed, and they will be notified of the petition results within two weeks.
Student Grievance
The student grievance process aims to provide a prompt and equitable resolution for any student who believes a college decision or action was unfair or has adversely affected his/her status, rights, or privileges.  The student must make a reasonable effort to resolve the issues on an informal basis.  Within 30 days, the student must meet with the Department Chairperson or the Education Department and may be required to complete a written statement about the grievance.
Student Housing Grievance
The student housing grievance process aims to provide a prompt and equitable resolution for any student who believes a decision or action by FIDM Housing has adversely affected their status, rights, or privileges.  The student must make a reasonable effort to resolve the issues on an informal basis with the Resident Advisor.  If there is no satisfactory resolution, the student(s) should provide a written statement about the grievance to the LA Housing staff (see FIDM Portal Staff Directory). The FIDM Housing staff may arrange a meeting with the student(s) for further investigation of grievances filed. Should a student concern remain unresolved, the student then forwards the written complaint to the Executive Director of Admissions (LA Campus) who will consult with the FIDM Housing Committee and provide final resolution.
Student Work
FIDM is proud of the work produced by its students and reserves the right to photograph, publish, display, or retain work done by students and alumni. Final projects must be picked up no later than the first two weeks of the next quarter. After that time, the projects become the property of FIDM.
Family Education Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)
Family Education Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)
The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) (20 U.S.C. § 1232g; 34 CFR Part 99) is a federal law that protects the privacy of student education records. The law applies to all schools that receive funds under an applicable program of the U.S. Department of Education. FIDM/Fashion Institute of Design & Merchandising (“FIDM”) fully complies with FERPA regulations.
FERPA gives parents certain rights with respect to their children's education records. These rights transfer to the student when he or she reaches the age of 18 or attends a school beyond the high school level. Students to whom the rights have transferred are "eligible students." In accordance with FERPA, students have the following rights:
The right to review their educational records.
The right to seek correction of the contents of these records.
The right to a formal hearing if seeking the correction of these records.
The right to place a note of explanation in the records if their requested correction was unsuccessful.
The right to request disclosure of the contents of the records.
The right to file a complaint with the Department of Education if the Institute fails to comply with FERPA policies.
Family Policy Compliance Office U.S. Department of Education 400 Maryland Ave SW Washington, DC 20202-5920
Students who wish to inspect and review their records may do so by submitting a written request to the Vice President of Education. An appointment for the student to review the requested record will be made within 45 days of the request; a College official will be present at the time of review. FIDM will not release personally identifiable information without written consent of the student, unless the student is under the age of 18 and the request is made by a legal guardian. Legal exceptions may also apply.
The following is a non-exclusive list of FERPA exemptions that permit disclosure without student consent:
Disclosure to school officials with legitimate educational interests. A school official is defined as a person employed by FIDM in an administrative, supervisory, academic, research, or support staff position (including law enforcement unit personnel and health staff); a person or company with whom FIDM has contracted as its agent to provide a service instead of using Institute employees or officials (such as an attorney, auditor, information technology contractor, consultant, or collection agent); or assisting another school official in performing his or her tasks. A school official has a legitimate educational interest if the official needs to review an education record in order to fulfill his or her professional responsibilities for FIDM.
Disclosure upon request to officials of another school in which a student seeks or intends to enroll. Disclosure to authorized representatives of the U.S. Government, state and local authorities where required, and accrediting agencies.
Disclosure of records requested through court order or subpoena.
At its discretion, FIDM may provide “directory information” in accordance with FERPA provisions. Directory information is defined as information which would not generally be considered harmful or an invasion of privacy if disclosed. Designated directory information at FIDM includes the following: student’s name, address, Institute email address, photograph, major field of study and degree program, dates of attendance (defined as first and last date of term), grade level, enrollment status (full-time or part-time), degrees, honors and awards received. Students may request that such directory information not be released by notifying the Vice President of Education in writing. In an emergency, FIDM may need to disclose directory information on students that provide general contact information. However, more specific information may be disclosed in a health or safety emergency where additional student information should be disclosed to appropriate parties.
A complete copy of the policy is available upon request from the administrative office, or click here to download.
Consumer Information
Any questions or unresolved problems concerning the college or its faculty and staff should be forwarded in writing to the FIDM Dean of Academic Development at 919 South Grand Avenue, Los Angeles, CA 90015.
Rights of Expression
Students are expected to acknowledge the existence of different opinions and to respect the right of others to hold those views, specifically:
To hear, discuss, and study any issue related to the academic content of the class in an atmosphere conducive to learning.
To have easy access to all academic information.
To receive competent instruction in an atmosphere of respect, free from favoritism, prejudice, discrimination, and harassment.
To form and express opinions on issues without  jeopardizing his or her relationship with the instructor.
To be evaluated in accord with academic merit and performance and not on matters irrelevant to that performance.
Accreditation
Students may review letters of accreditation. Students seeking such a review should contact the college Vice President of Education. Additional information is available from FIDM’s institutional accreditor, the Western Association of Schools and Colleges Senior College and University Commission, at https://www.wscuc.org/ institutions/fidmfashion-institute-design-merchandising and from its design program accreditor, the National Association of Schools of Art and Design, at https:// nasad.arts-accredit.org/directory-lists/accredited-institutions/search/?id=I1312
Bureau for Private Post-Secondary Education
Any questions a student may have regarding this catalog that have not been satisfactorily answered by the institution may be directed to the Bureau for Private Postsecondary Education at 1747 North Market, Suite 225, Sacramento, CA 95834 or P.O. Box 980818, West Sacramento, CA 95798-0818, www.bppe.ca.gov,, (888) 370-7589; or by fax (916) 263-1897.
A student or any member of the public may file a complaint about this institution with the Bureau for Private Postsecondary Education by calling 888-370-7589 toll-free or by completing a complaint form, which can be obtained on the Bureau's internet web site www.bppe.ca.gov.
Enrollment Agreement and Performance Fact Sheet
Prospective students are encouraged to review the catalog prior to signing an enrollment agreement. Prospective students are also encouraged to review the School Performance Fact Sheet, which must be provided to them prior to signing an enrollment agreement.
Required Consumer Disclosures
College Information as reported to the U.S. Department of Education may be accessed at the College Navigator site at http://nces.ed.gov/COLLEGENAVIGATOR/. The site has a large amount of statistical information about expenses, financial aid, enrollment, admissions, retention rates and much more.  The site allows consumers to compare information from different colleges.
Class Hours for the Los Angeles and San Francisco Campuses
1, 2, 3-Unit Classes
Class hours for 1, 2, and 3-unit classes at the Los Angeles and San Francisco campuses.
*Evening classes are offered at the Los Angeles campus.
Class Begins
Class Breaks
Class Ends
8:30 a.m.
9:30 a.m. – 9:45 a.m.
11:15 a.m.
12:00 p.m.
1:15 p.m. – 1:30 p.m.
2:45 p.m.
3:30 p.m.
4:30 p.m. – 4:45 p.m.
6:15 p.m.
7:00 p.m.*
8:00 p.m. – 8:15 p.m.
9:45 p.m.
6-Unit Classes (or 3-Unit/6-Hour Classes)
Class hours for 6-unit classes at the Los Angeles and San Francisco campuses.
Class Begins
Class Breaks
Class Ends
8:30 a.m.
9:30 a.m. – 9:45 a.m. 11:15 a.m. – 12:00 p.m. 1:15 p.m. – 1:30 p.m.
2:45 p.m.
12:00 p.m.
1:00 p.m. – 1:15 p.m. 2:45 p.m. – 3:30 p.m. 4:30 p.m. – 4:45 p.m.
6:15 p.m.
3:30 p.m.
4:30 p.m. – 4:45 p.m. 6:15 p.m. – 7:00 p.m. 8:00 p.m. – 8:15 p.m.
9:45 p.m.
Class Hours for the Orange County Campus
3-Unit Classes
Class hours for 1, 2, and 3-unit classes at the Orange County campus.
Class Begins
Class Breaks
Class Ends
9:30 a.m.
10:30 a.m. – 10:45 a.m.
12:15 p.m.
1:00 p.m.
2:15 p.m. – 2:30 p.m.
3:45 p.m.
4:30 p.m.
5:45 p.m. – 6:00 p.m.
7:15 p.m.
3-Unit/6-Hour Classes
Class hours for 6-unit classes at the Orange County campus.
Class Begins
Class Breaks
Class Ends
9:30 a.m.
10:30 a.m. – 10:45 a.m. 12:15 p.m. – 1:00 p.m. 2:15 p.m. – 2:30 p.m.
12:15 p.m.
1:00 p.m.
2:15 p.m. – 2:30 p.m. 3:45 p.m. – 4:30 p.m. 5:45 p.m. – 6:00 p.m.
7:15 p.m.
FIDM eLearning System
The eLearning System is composed of three parts: web-enabled courses, online (distance learning) courses, and collaborative sites (used by FIDM Faculty).
Web-Enabled Courses
The FIDM eLearning System is a course management system which allows learning to take place in a virtual environment, beyond the traditional classroom setting.  The eLearning system offers two types of online learning: fully online (distance learning) courses and web-enabled courses. Web-enabled courses are on-campus course sites in the eLearning system. The site is a supplement to an on-campus course; it does not replace the traditional in-class meeting/interactions.
Online Courses
Online courses are distance learning classes that take place in a virtual classroom, where students can review lectures, participate in classroom discussion, work on projects, and access exams.  Students don’t need to be in a specific physical location to take part in an online course.
For student communication, questions, and requests for information, online instructors must respond to students within 24 hours.  For feedback on submitted work: papers, projects, and other course assignments, the online instructor must review student work and post grades within a week after the student has posted their work online.
Labs
Labs provide students with an environment for planned, structured, and directed analytical exploration and experimentation. Three hours in duration, labs immediately follow formal classroom instruction in designated courses. Courses with labs are noted on the Advisement sheet for each major.
Studios
Studios assist students with assignments and projects, giving them an avenue to explore and express creativity. Expert advice and constructive critiquing appropriate to the subject matter are provided. Each campus posts studio schedules quarterly.l.
Workshops
Workshops are concise educational programs for groups of students focusing on techniques and skills in a particular subject area.
Class Size and Scheduling
The college has an obligation to provide the optimum scheduling and faculty staffing for the programs offered.  Should changes of any sort be necessary, they do not affect the student's ability to fulfill all requirements. Every effort is made to maintain course limits based on the subject matter and nature of activity in the course.
Book and Supplies
In order to best meet the educational requirements of its programs, FIDM provides, for sale, the books and supplies necessary for success for each course for which the student is enrolled. After registration, all book and supplies may be purchased online at www.thefidmstore.com or at The FIDM Store on each campus. Students MUST acquire all required course materials by the first class meeting of each class. Students who attend the first week of class unprepared may be dismissed from the class and unable to return until all course materials are acquired.
Books & Supplies Return:
Students who drop a class may return the complete course kit of books and supplies no later than the last day of the third week of the quarter. The returned books and supplies must be unused, in perfect condition, and accompanied with a receipt.
Book Buyback:
FIDM partners with MBS Books to purchase used books at the end of each quarter. Students are encouraged to wait until Finals to sell their books. Textbook value is determined by the physical condition of the book and the national demand. Buyback occurs on the LA campus during the last week of classes, or online at www.thefidmstore.com.
Field Trips
Students are responsible for their own transportation to and from field trips.
Alcohol & Substance Free-Environment
The unlawful manufacture, distribution, possession, or use of illicit drugs and alcohol is strictly prohibited on FIDM’s property or as part of any FIDM officially sponsored off-campus activities. Students are also prohibited from being under the influence of alcohol, illegal drugs or any other substance that could adversely affect the health, safety or welfare of students and staff on FIDM property or at any of its officially sponsored activities. This includes all forms of marijuana, regardless of the state legality of the substance. Violation of this policy may result in immediate dismissal from academic programs or college-related employment.
All FIDM campuses are smoke-free environments. Smoking includes, but is not limited to, cigarettes, cigars, snuff, smoking tobacco, smokeless tobacco, nicotine, nicotine-delivering devices, chemicals or devices that produce the same flavor or physical effect of nicotine substances; and any other tobacco innovation. Information on substance abuse programs, prevention awareness, and all other counseling services is available upon request and in the Annual Safety and Security Report on FIDM’s website at http://fidm.edu/en/about/policies+disclosures/general+information/
Download or view the Annual Safety & Security Report (PDF)
Academic Honesty
All academic work submitted by a student must be original work. Purchasing papers or using a tutor who re-writes the majority of a paper (essentially becomes the author of the paper) is considered cheating and may result in suspension from FIDM. Cheating or academic dishonesty includes, but is not limited to, all forms of giving or getting unauthorized help or using unauthorized materials on examinations and projects. Plagiarism, a form of cheating, involves obtaining or attempting to obtain academic credit by copying the words or ideas of another (from a book, magazine article, or website, for example) and passing them off as one’s own without documentation — that is, without acknowledging the source with quotation marks, footnotes, and lists of works cited. Claiming credit for artistic work done by someone else, such as an artwork, photos, a painting, drawing, or design is considered plagiarism. Cheating and plagiarism are cause for formal counseling. Students who cheat or plagiarize will receive a zero “0” on the assignment and may be subject to further disciplinary action. Violations of the academic honesty policy are reported to the Department Chair designate in Los Angeles or the Education Department (SF, OC).
Conduct
FIDM is committed to a collegiate environment in which respect for others and proper conduct is demonstrated. Hateful language including profanity, racial, gender, or religious slurs is contrary to FIDM policy, may be a violation of state and/or federal laws and is in direct opposition to a positive education environment. FIDM promotes a professional environment free from hostility and will not tolerate harassing, bullying, intimidating, or threatening behavior or communication. Any violation will result in disciplinary action including suspension of services, and/ or privileges, or dismissal.
Students are responsible for conducting themselves in a mature and professionals manner while in the classroom, on campus, or using any online or offline platform to complete FIDM coursework or off campus participating in a college-endorsed internship program or college related activities or in FIDM non-campus housing. Eating and drinking are not permitted in FIDM’s classrooms, computer labs, halls, Library, or elevators. Excessive talking, rudeness or disruption of class will not be tolerated. Electronic devices (MP3 players, cellular phones, etc.) are considered disruptive and must be turned off during class time and in any environment in which other students are studying, researching, or gathering for educational purposes, unless permitted by an instructor or designated staff member. In addition, FIDM respects the student’s right to individual expression through dress and appearance; however, we ask that they exercise discretion in regard to their choices to reflect the dress of a professional college student that does not cause undue attention or interfere with the educational process.
Non-Discrimination Policy
FIDM is committed to providing a safe learning and working environment for members of the campus community that is free from all forms of unlawful discrimination, harassment, exploitation or intimidation. FIDM prohibits unlawful harassment or discrimination based on race, religion, color, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, national or ethnic origin, disability, veteran status or any other characteristics or condition protected by federal, state or local law. Conduct of the type that is prohibited may not rise to the level of a violation of law, but is still a violation of FIDM policy. Violation of this policy will result in appropriate disciplinary action, up to and including dismissal or expulsion from school.
If a member of the campus community believes they are a victim of prohibited discrimination, harassment, or retaliation, they may file a complaint with their Department Chairperson, Supervisor, Campus Director or the Office of Human Resources. The college will take immediate action to investigate if the incident has occurred. If so determined, the college will eliminate the discrimination, prevent its recurrence, offer remedies that address its effects and cooperate with any criminal investigation, separate from the college investigation.
Campus Safety & Access
FIDM is committed to the safety of its students, faculty, and staff. Students are prohibited from bringing firearms, hoverboards, electronic skateboards, and any other motorized board onto any FIDM campus. Illegal weapons or threatening gestures with an object that can be used as a weapon will lead to immediate dismissal.
Students are required to wear their valid FIDM Student Photo Identification cards where visible while on FIDM premises. FIDM Student Photo ID cards may not be altered, copied, or forged and are non-transferable. If a student is discovered loaning or altering a FIDM Student Photo ID card, that card will be confiscated and the student will face a mandatory appointment with the Dean of Education (LA), or the Education Department (SF/OC). Campus access is restricted to posted hours of operation.
Only registered students are permitted in the classroom. Authorized guests/visitors are allowed on campus with prior approval and notification to Security from FIDM Staff for college business purposes (i.e., guest presenter, authorized vendor, campus meeting, etc.). All authorized visitors are required to check-in with the Security desk (LA) / Building Security (SF) /front desk (OC) to obtain a guest/visitor pass. Students and faculty are not permitted to bring family, friends, or business acquaintances on campus.
Defacing FIDM Property
Any student who defaces, vandalizes, or destroys FIDM property (including but not limited to library materials, computers, elevators, restrooms, parking structure, etc.) will be dismissed from the college. All types of spray mount adhesive and spray paint are prohibited from being used on all FIDM campuses.
Solicitation/Distribution
The solicitation and distribution to students of non-FIDM materials and the use of the college facility for non-FIDM business purposes is prohibited. Posting flyers, pamphlets, posters, or other means of advertising on the walls or bulletin boards is not allowed.
Title IX Policy
FIDM is committed to providing a work and school environment free of unlawful harassment, discrimination and retaliation. FIDM policy prohibits harassment or discrimination based on race, religion, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, military or veteran status, physical or mental disability, medical condition, age, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, genetic information or any other basis protected by the federal, state or local law. In accordance with Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, FIDM does not discriminate on the basis of sex in its education programs or activities, which extends to admission and employment. FIDM also prohibits Sexual Harassment (as defined in FIDM’s Title IX Policy) committed against persons in the United States as part of its education program or activities.
If you believe that you have experienced or witnessed Sexual Harassment (including Sexual Violence), discrimination or retaliation, FIDM encourages you to notify the Title IX Coordinator as soon as possible after the incident. A report can also be made to the police. The criminal process is separate from FIDM’s Grievance Process.
Any person can report sex discrimination, Sexual Harassment (including Sexual Violence) or retaliation, whether or not the person reporting is the alleged victim. Reports can be made in-person, by mail, telephone or email, using the Title IX Coordinator contact information below.
Title IX Coordinator: Lisa Davis
Title IX Coordinator/Executive Assistant to the VP, Education
Los Angeles Campus
Phone: 213-624-1200 x3017
ldavis@fidm.edu
Deputy Title IX Coordinators:
Campus
Name/Title
Address
Phone Number/Email
Los Angeles
Kim WetzelExecutive Director,Human Resources
919 S. Grand Ave.Los Angeles, CA 90015
(213) 624-1200 x3530kwetzel@fidm.edu
San Francisco
Kim WetzelCampus Director
55 Stockton St.San Francisco, CA 94108
(415) 675-5200 x1530kwetzel@fidm.edu
Orange County
Denise BacaCampus Director,Director of AdmissionsLynne Stroner,Campus Manager,Education & Career Center
17590 Gillette Ave.Irvine, CA 92614
(949) 851-6200 x1750dbaca@fidm.edu(949) 851-6200 x1764lstroner@fidm.edu
Retaliation against a person who properly reports, complains about, or participates in the investigation is strictly prohibited.
Please see FIDM’s complete Title IX Policy (see below) for additional information on how to make a report, confidential resources and FIDM’s Grievance Process.
Title IX Policy (PDF)
Sexual Assault Risk Reduction Tips (PDF)
Copyright
File sharing at FIDM
File sharing of copyrighted works, such as commercial music and videos, is illegal. Students should review FIDM’s Student Technology Use Policy, which can be found in FIDM’s College Catalog. Additional information about student use of technology use may be found in FIDM’s Student Handbook & Planner, Faculty channel on the ePortal, and at the FIDM Portal at http://myfidm.fidm.edu.
Penalties for sharing copyrighted files
There are civil and criminal penalties for violation of federal copyright laws, which may be summarized as follows:
Copyright infringement is the act of exercising, without permission or legal authority, one or more of the exclusive rights granted to the copyright owner under section 106 of the Copyright Act (Title 17 of the United States Code). These rights include the right to reproduce or distribute a copyrighted work. In the file-sharing context, downloading or uploading substantial parts of a copyrighted work without authority constitutes an infringement.
Penalties for copyright infringement include civil and criminal penalties. In general, anyone found liable for civil copyright infringement may be ordered to pay either actual damages or "statutory" damages affixed at not less than $750 and not more than $30,000 per work infringed. For "willful" infringement, a court may award up to $150,000 per work infringed. A court can, at its discretion, also assess costs and attorneys' fees. For details, see Title 17, United States Code, Sections 504, 505.
Willful copyright infringement can also result in criminal penalties, including imprisonment of up to five years and fines of up to $250,000 per offense.
For more information, please see the website of the U.S. Copyright Office at http://www.copyright.gov/help/faq/.
How to Avoid Penalties
Do not use file sharing software, (also known as peer-to-peer or p2p software) to download copyrighted media. Students MUST have the copyright owner's permission or the download is considered infringing and illegal.
Most programs that let you download songs and movies without payment will share recipient's computer's files and personal information to the Internet by default.
Popular file sharing programs used to distribute and obtain media illegally include: DropBox, BitTorrent, Gnutella, Warez P2P and many others. While these sites are not illegal, they are used for illegal activities.
Use legal downloading or subscription streaming services, such as Amazon, iTunes, YouTube, Netflix, to view media.
Do not share media you obtained legally, except as the copyright holder permits (iTunes streaming, etc.). Most file sharing software, by default, finds, advertises and shares all music and movies on receipient's computer regardless of whether or not they have the right to share/upload these files.
Protect a computer from malicious software, by not installing file sharing software. While malware rarely installs file sharing software, that software is routinely exploited by criminals to provide a distribution channel for 'free' files that let them steal your information. Make sure virus scanning and malware detection software is obtained above and beyond what Windows provides by default.
Laws Governing Illegal File sharing
Higher Education Opportunity Act
Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA)
Preparation & Study
FIDM values the importance of learning, preparation, and study. It is the responsibility of the student to keep up with the assigned readings and homework and to manage his/her time. A minimum of two hours preparation for each hour in class is recommended for research and study time outside of class.
Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP)
FIDM requires students attending the college to make reasonable progress toward the completion of their educational objective. All students are expected to maintain a minimum 2.0 grade point average and complete a specified minimum number of units each quarter. Students who fail to meet FIDM’s Satisfactory Academic Progress requirements may lose their eligibility for financial aid and/or veterans benefits.
Updating Contact Information
It is the students’ responsibility to provide current contact information to the college. Students can make the following changes:
Cell and home phone number, mailing address, and email can be updated on all campuses in the Student Advisement Office and the Financial Services Department. In addition, on the SF and OC campuses, this information can be updated in the Education Department.
Name Change can be updated in the Financial Services Department by presenting a current Driver License, State Identification Card, Passport, or any certified legal document with name change.
Institutional Governance Participation
FIDM/Fashion Institute of Design & Merchandising’s Board of Administration formally approves institutional policies. FIDM’s approved policies are available in print and/or on the ePortal. FIDM has maintained a practice of policy review by the Board of Administration for over thirty years. Policy changes generally result from regulatory action at the city, county, state, or federal level. In addition, changes may result from suggestions from within the FIDM community; or be a response to issues that arise on one of the campuses or actions taken by the Faculty Council. These policies are presented to the Board of Administration for review by the Office of Human Resources. If the policy is approved, it is then implemented and presented to supervisors. All FIDM policies and the procedures for implementing the policies are reviewed annually or as needed.
FIDM Student Travel Policy
The Study Abroad Department requires that students who participate in college-related travel to submit a passport or driver's license/ID card upon enrollment. International students may need a visa to travel. Students are responsible for determining their status and obtaining a visa, if necessary, prior to their trip. Some travel programs may require that students purchase short-term medical coverage in order to participate. Additional travel documents must be completed prior to departure.
Disability Accommodation & Grievance Policy
Disability Accommodation & Grievance Policy
Statement of Non-Discrimination and
Accommodation
FIDM/Fashion Institute of Design & Merchandising (“FIDM”) does not discriminate on the basis of disability.
Individuals with disabilities are entitled to a reasonable accommodation to ensure that they have full and equal access to the educational resources of FIDM, consistent with Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. § 794) (“Section 504”) and the Americans with Disabilities Act (42 U.S.C. § 12182) (“ADA”) and their related statutes and regulations.
Section 504 prohibits discrimination on the basis of disability in any program or activity receiving federal financial assistance.  The ADA prohibits a place of public accommodation from discriminating on the basis of disability.  The applicable law and regulations may be examined in the office of the ADA 504 Compliance Coordinator, who has been designated to coordinate the efforts of FIDM to comply with Section 504 and ADA.
ADA 504 Compliance Coordinator: Kim Wetzel, 919 South Grand Avenue, Los Angeles, California 90015; 213.624.1200, x3530; kwetzel@fidm.edu
Requests for Accommodation
Individuals with disabilities wishing to request a reasonable accommodation must contact the ADA 504 Compliance Coordinator. A disclosure of a disability or a request for accommodation made to a faculty or staff member, other than the ADA 504 Compliance Coordinator, will not be treated as a request for an accommodation. However, if a student discloses a disability to faculty or staff member, they are required to direct the student to the ADA 504 Compliance Coordinator.
The ADA 504 Compliance Coordinator will provide a student or applicant with a Request for Accommodation Form.
Reasonable accommodations are available for students and applicants who provide the appropriate documentation of a disability.  Such documentation should specify that a student has a physical or mental impairment and how that impairment substantially limits one or more major life activities. In general, the supporting documentation must be dated less than three years from the date a student requests a reasonable accommodation, and must be completed by a qualified professional in the area of the student’s disability, as enumerated below:
Disability
Qualified Professional
Physical disability
MD, DO
Visual impairment
MD, ophthalmologist, optometrist
Mobility, orthopedic impairment
MD, DO
Hearing impairment
MD, Audiologist (Au.D) *audiology exam should not be more than a year old
Speech and language impairment
Licensed speech professional
Learning disability
PhD Psychologist, college learning disability specialist, other appropriate professional
Acquired brain impairment
MD neurologist, neuropsychologist
Psychological disability
Psychiatrist, PhD Psychologist, LMFT or LCSW
ADD/ADHD
Psychiatrist; PhD Psychologist, LMFT or LCSW
Other disabilities
MD who practices or specializes within the field of the disability.
Documentation used to evaluate the need and reasonableness of potential accommodations may include a licensed professional’s current medical diagnosis and date of diagnosis, evaluation of how the student’s disability affects one or more of the major life activities and recommendations, psychological and/or emotion diagnostic tests, functional effects or limitations of the disability, and/or medications and recommendations to ameliorate the effects or limitations. FIDM may request additional documentation as needed. FIDM may, at its discretion, waive the requirement for medical documentation to support accommodation requests that relate to obvious impairments.
In general, FIDM does not consider an Individualized Education Program (“IEP”) as sufficient medical documentation to evaluate the need and reasonableness of potential accommodations. However, we will consider a current IEP (less than 3 years old) as reasonable medical documentation for students who request the following accommodations: (1) a test reader or (2) a quiet place to take a test. Any other requested accommodation(s) will require medical documentation completed by a qualified professional in the area of the student’s disability, as specified in the chart located within this policy.
After the ADA 504 Compliance Coordinator receives the Request Form and the required documentation, they will engage the student or applicant in an interactive process to determine what accommodations may be reasonable.
The ADA 504 Compliance Coordinator will maintain a list of all students receiving accommodations and will coordinate the implementation of those accommodations with each student’s instructors at the beginning (or in advance) of each quarter.
Students may file a grievance using the Grievance Process below or may file a complaint with the U.S. Department of Education’s Office for Civil Rights or a similar state entity.
FIDM will make appropriate arrangements to ensure that disabled persons are provided other accommodations, if needed, to participate in this grievance process. The ADA 504 Compliance Coordinator will be responsible for such arrangements.
Grievance Process
FIDM has adopted an internal grievance procedure providing for prompt and equitable resolution of complaints alleging any action prohibited by Section 504 and/or the ADA.
Any person who believes they have been subjected to discrimination on the basis of disability, including disagreements regarding requested accommodations, may file a grievance pursuant to the procedure outlined below. FIDM will not retaliate against anyone who files a grievance in good faith or cooperates in the investigation of a grievance.
Procedure
Grievances must be submitted to the ADA 504 Compliance Coordinator, Kim Wetzel, 919 South Grand Avenue, Los Angeles, California 90015; 213.624.1200, x3530; kwetzel@fidm.edu.  Grievances must be submitted to the ADA 504 Compliance Coordinator, within thirty (30) days of the date the person filing the grievance becomes aware of the alleged discriminatory action.
A complaint must be in writing, containing the name and address of the person filing it. The complaint must state the problem or action alleged to be discriminatory and the remedy or relief sought.
The ADA 504 Compliance Coordinator (or their trained designee) shall investigate the complaint and afford all interested persons an opportunity to submit relevant evidence. The Complainant may also present witnesses relative to the complaint.  The ADA 504 Compliance Coordinator will maintain the files and records relating to such grievances.
All reasonable efforts will be made to provide a written determination to the student or applicant within 30 days after its filing.  If a written determination cannot be made within 30 days of the complaint’s filing, the ADA 504 Compliance Coordinator will so advise the student and provide an update as to the status of the investigation.  The student may also contact the ADA 504 Compliance Coordinator to inquire as to the status of the investigation at reasonable intervals.
The person filing the grievance may appeal the decision of the ADA 504 Compliance Coordinator by writing to the Vice President of Education Barbara Bundy, 919 South Grand Avenue, Los Angeles, California 90015; 213.624, 1200 x 3000; bbundy@fidm.edu, within 15 days of receiving the ADA 504 Compliance Coordinator’s decision.  The Vice President of Education shall issue a written decision in response to the appeal no later than 30 days after its filing.
The availability and use of this grievance procedure does not prevent a person from filing a complaint of discrimination on the basis of disability with the U. S. Department of Education’s Office for Civil Rights and/or a similar state agency.
FIDM will take all steps to prevent recurrence of any harassment or other discrimination and to correct discriminatory effects where appropriate.
To download a complete copy of this policy, click here.
Career Center
From the first day of class, students begin to integrate into a network of industry leaders, FIDM Faculty and influential FIDM Graduates. The Career Center works with FIDM Students and Graduates one-on-one to ensure a targeted and efficient job search.
The Career Center believes that what is learned in the FIDM classroom, combined with the experience gained from working alongside industry professionals, enhances career growth post-graduation. Career Center staff provides students and graduates with the best resources to help them hone the skills they have learned at FIDM and effectively apply them to the working world.
Some of those services include:
Career Network: 24/7 access to connect directly to the Career Center; resources, documents, employment opportunities, industry job links, and appointment scheduling
One-on-one individual career advising and planning
Resume and portfolio review
Interviewing and networking assistance
Internship assistance
Part-time and full-time employment opportunities through Career Network
Academic and paid internships through Career Network
Volunteer opportunities
Career Center events: Career Connections, Industry Partnership, Industry Expo, Open Portfolio Day, On-campus Recruitment, and Job Fairs
Internships are opportunities for students to combine academic training with employment in fields related to their course of study. Students who are interested in gaining this type of “real life” experience should meet with a Career Advisor. To qualify, students must maintain a minimum 3.0 grade point average, have proof of medical insurance, and be in their second-to- last or last quarter of their program.
Industry Relations
Career Center staff constantly works to build and maintain relationships with employers to find quality industry jobs and internship leads within all the FIDM majors. Through on-campus recruitment, site visits, and job/internship postings, the Career Center stays in tune with the latest industry career trends. Jobs opportunities are posted daily in the Career Center employer database. Students and Alumni have full access to job leads, internship leads, resume builder, and employer company history through Career Network, which is accessible from the FIDM Portal.
College Services
College Services provides books, supplies, and course-related resources to students electing FIDM’s Method of Book & Supply Distribution to enable their full participation in coursework leading to the successful completion of their degree program.
Housing
The Housing Department is committed to assisting students with finding the residential plan that best suits their needs. FIDM does not own or operate any dormitory or apartment facilities. The FIDM Housing Department offers third-party apartment rentals through FIDM (FIDM Student Housing) as well as independent housing referrals. This popular option creates an exciting community of FIDM Students in each location with FIDM Housing Staff on-site or easily accessible. Space is assigned on a first-come, first-served basis. All apartments are two bedroom/two bathroom units. FIDM LA Housing options are within walking distance of the campus. The current quarterly cost for FIDM Housing consists of a one-time, non-refundable, initial placement fee of $350 along with one quarter of rent ($3,800* for a shared bedroom or $7,600* for a private bedroom). *Subject to change annually.
Rates will increase beginning Winter 2021. Check with the FIDM Housing Department for the rates.
Currently, FIDM Housing in San Francisco handles independent housing options and works closely with students to assist with their housing needs.
Independent Housing listings are available through the FIDM website and provide current students on all campuses with apartment referrals. For accepted students, roommate referrals are available via the FIDM Portal. All students are responsible for contacting apartment complexes and potential roommates directly, as FIDM Housing does not verify any listing. Independent referrals come from current FIDM Students, FIDM Alumni, students from other local colleges, and local residents that live in the area. Referral housing location distances range from less than a mile to a 17-mile radius of the campus. Prices vary from $800 to $1,300 monthly to share a room, and $1,500 to $2,200 to rent a private room. Please visit the properties website for the most up-to-date rates. The properties that are used by FIDM Student Housing are also available to students independently; however, the leasing packages and rates may vary.
Individual Development & Educational Assistance (IDEA Center)
The IDEA Center at all campuses provides students with assistance in the areas of writing, math, reading comprehension, study, research, time management, Photoshop, Illustrator, sketching, and more.
Library
The FIDM Library provides a variety of resources and services focused on meeting the unique information and research needs of the FIDM community. There are three FIDM campus libraries, each staffed by a team of librarians and specialists that provide instruction, reference, and other research support services. One collection type that sets the FIDM Libraries apart from other libraries is its collection of trend forecasting reports. These exclusive reports offer market intelligence for designers and product development professionals across many creative industries including fashion, interior design, and visual communication. The resources and services at each campus are curated to support the program majors offered at that campus. The Los Angeles campus library maintains the largest, most diverse collections including a Textile & Design Research Room where students can explore and gain experience with materials and tools used in the various design industries. In addition, students can also access the renowned Material ConneXion Library® and database, and an extensive collection of fabric swatches, trims, and findings for projects. Special Collections includes rare and unique items reflecting the design aesthetic of the mid-19th and 20th centuries. The Library’s electronic resources collection includes research databases and ebooks that are accessible on and off-campus, as well as on mobile devices. No matter where students are located, the Library’s resources are always available and accessible to inform and inspire.
Personal Counseling
The Personal Counseling Department provides counseling support for all students who self-refer or are referred in by staff or faculty to address emotional, social, and academic issues pertaining to their personal and professional goals. The counseling session focuses on basic counseling needs such as problem solving, conflict resolution, goal setting, communication improvement, time management and stress management related to academic and personal issues, as well as crisis counseling. Mental health related referrals for licensed therapists, psychologists, and psychiatrists, as well as clinics and agencies, are provided to all students who are seeking mental health and healthcare support while attending FIDM. All counseling sessions are held in a supportive, safe, and confidential environment. In the event of any emotional situation or crisis, students should contact a personal counselor for an appointment immediately. If the student has an urgent need to speak with a counselor and the counselor is not immediately available, please contact the Front Desk. FIDM will make every attempt to reach a Personal Counselor, a family member or friend, or they will call 911.
Registrar
The Registrar’s Office manages student records, produces strategic reports, and supports the college’s mission by facilitating students timely program completion. The Registrar’s Office (LA, SF) and Education Department (OC) provide the following services:
Provides Veterans Administration Enrollment Certification*
Processes FIDM transcript requests
Issues Late Registration Forms
Supplies Advisement Sheets listing the quarterly sequence of courses for each program/major
Provides registration materials and the Schedule of Classes prior to web registration for each quarter (also available online on the FIDM Portal)
Processes grades submitted by instructors
(Note: Questions regarding a specific grade should be directed to the instructor or the Education Department)
*Students should contact the VA Education Benefits Coordinator at the Los Angeles campus.
Internships
Students combine academic training, theory, and practice at internships within their industry and course of study. In addition, students apply classroom principles to “real life” situations and explore various career options while in their program.
In order to qualify, students must maintain a minimum cumulative 3.0 grade point average, have proof of medical insurance, and be in their second-to-last or last quarter of their program. Internships must be secured and paperwork completed prior to the end of the quarter preceding the internship’s start date. In addition, all students must follow current federal and/or state guidelines.
Students who are interested must see a Career Advisor the quarter prior to their desired internship quarter.
Student Advisement
The Student Advisement Office assists with the advancement and completion of a student’s academic program by providing direction and support for all aspects of the FIDM educational experience.
Withdrawal and Leave of Absence
Each academic program is considered an uninterrupted sequence. If it becomes necessary for a student to withdraw or take a leave from the college, a Leave of Absence/Withdrawal Form must be completed with the Student Advisement Office. An Approved Leave of Absence may be taken for only one full quarter. Any student taking an Unapproved Leave of Absence or withdrawing from the college after the sixth week of classes may incur repeat fees, course-related resource fees and be responsible for purchasing books and supplies that are changed in repeated classes in subsequent quarters. Students on a Leave of Absence are required to continue their schedule of payments and are eligible to receive assistance from the Career Center. Students receiving a Cal Grant award must also notify the California Student Aid Commission of their Leave of Absence or they will lose their award.
Regarding a refund: A refund will be calculated when a student either withdraws from all classes or takes an Unapproved Leave of Absence. Students are reminded that when a refund is calculated based upon a student’s Leave of Absence, it is the student’s responsibility to reapply for all financial aid prior to returning to the college.
Tuition
As a supplement to the catalog, a current tuition schedule is available from the Admissions Office.
Fees
List of Student Services Fees.
Fee
Purpose
$9.00
FIDM Transcript – A written request must be sent to the Registrar’s Office with the correct fee. Allow a minimum of five working days for processing transcripts.
$25.00
Late Registration fee (if form is returned late)
$15.00
Additional/Replacement diploma fee
Variable
Additional 3-unit class
$350.00
CARE challenge fee (per 3 units)
$25.00
Non-sufficient funds check charge
$850.00
Developmental Writing, plus books & supplies
Variable
Repeating a failing course*
1 unit – repeat fee $500.00
2 units – repeat fee $1000.00
3 units – repeat fee $1500.00
6 units – repeat fee $3000.00
*Does not include books and supplies
Three (3)-hour, zero (0)-unit courses such as GNST 0400 Writing Skills or GNST 0450 Math Skills are subject to a repeat fee of $1500.00.
Scholarship Information
Visit your Student Advisor
Utilize the FIDM Scholarship Foundation, Inc. website fidmscholarshipfoundation.org
Graduation Commencement Exercises
Graduates of the summer, fall, winter, and spring quarters are encouraged to attend the formal graduation ceremony held in June in Los Angeles and San Francisco. With the exception of the Bachelor's degree programs, a $250.00 non-refundable cap and gown and graduation fee is applicable upon matriculation regardless of whether a student participates in the ceremony or not.
Graduation Check
Los Angeles and San Francisco campuses
Prior to registering for the last quarter, students are responsible for completing the "Apply for Degree" request. This link is found on the FIDM Portal. A final graduation check is done to ensure that all course requirements have been met. A tentative graduation list is posted, based upon applications that are received. A 2.0 grade point average is required for graduation. Students are encouraged to complete the Graduation Checklist found on the FIDM Portal prior to leaving campus.
Commencement Honors
Any student receiving a 3.5 or higher cumulative grade point average graduates cum laude, a 3.8 or higher cumulative grade point average graduates magna cum laude, and a 3.95 or higher cumulative grade point average graduates summa cum laude. This is noted on the student's diploma.
Diplomas
Final degrees are not awarded at the commencement ceremony. Diplomas are mailed to all graduates six months after their graduation date if the student is financially cleared. It is the graduate's responsibility to complete the online application for their degree in order for their diploma to be sent to the appropriate address.
Valedictorian
Students from each graduating class who have achieved a 3.98 cumulative grade point average or above are eligible for consideration as Class Valedictorian. Candidates are asked to submit a written valedictory speech. The submitted speeches are reviewed by a panel of college staff and faculty. One speech is chosen to represent the class based on an oral and written presentation of the proposed speech.
Graduation Awards FIDM Los Angeles
APPAREL INDUSTRY MANAGEMENT AWARD
The Apparel Industry Management Award is presented to a graduate for outstanding achievement in the Apparel Industry Management program. The recipient is chosen by the Apparel Industry Management faculty based on a cumulative grade point average of 3.7 or above, professional attitude, creativity, leadership capabilities, managerial skills, industry experience, and community involvement.
BACHELOR OF ARTS IN DESIGN AWARD
The Design Award recognizes the outstanding achievement of a graduate in the Bachelor of Arts Design program who has applied outstanding innovative and critical approach to the creative and technical processes of design. The Bachelor of Arts in Design faculty select the recipient based on a cumulative grade point average of 3.7 or above, professionalism, creativity, and technical skills. Finalists submit a website or electronic portfolio for faculty review.
BACHELOR OF ARTS IN DIGITAL CINEMA AWARD
The Digital Cinema Award recognizes an outstanding graduate in the Bachelor of Arts degree program. The award is presented for outstanding achievement, and is chosen by the faculty and chairperson based on a cumulative grade point average of 3.5 or above, demonstrated creativity, a strong work ethic, and exceptional technical skills. Other characteristics represented by the award recipient include leadership, professionalism, and a strong passion for the industry.
BACHELOR OF ARTS IN GRAPHIC DESIGN AWARD
The Graphic Design Award recognizes an outstanding graduate in the Bachelor of Arts degree program. The recipient is selected by the Graphic Design faculty and the chairperson based upon a cumulative grade point average of 3.7 or above, professionalism, creativity, and technical skills.
BACHELOR OF ARTS IN INTERIOR DESIGN AWARD
The Interior Design Award is presented to a graduate for outstanding achievement in the Bachelor of Arts, Interior Design program.  The recipient is selected by the Interior Design faculty based on a cumulative grade point average of 3.7 or above, exceptional technical skills, demonstrated creativity, and professionalism.
BACHELOR OF ARTS IN PROFESSIONAL STUDIES AWARD
The Professional Studies Award recognizes an outstanding graduate in the Bachelor of Arts in Professional Studies program.  The recipient is selected by the faculty based upon a cumulative grade point average of 3.8 or higher, with demonstrated skills in research, critical thinking, and professionalism.
BACHELOR OF SCIENCE IN APPAREL TECHNICAL DESIGN AWARD
The Apparel Technical Design Award recognizes an outstanding  graduate in the Bachelor of Science degree program. The recipient is selected by the faculty and the chairperson based on a cumulative grade point average of 3.5 or above, exceptional technical skills, professionalism, leadership capabilities, and industry involvement.
BACHELOR OF SCIENCE IN BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AWARD
The Business Management Award recognizes an outstanding graduate in the Bachelor of Science degree program. Candidates are determined based on a cumulative grade point average of 3.7 or above and a faculty nomination.  Final candidates are interviewed by an industry panel who selects the recipient based on aptitude for understanding management concepts  along with professional and personal leadership behaviors.
BEAUTY MARKETING & PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT AWARD
The Beauty Marketing & Product Development Award is presented to a graduate for outstanding achievement in the Beauty Marketing & Product Development program. Faculty choose the recipient, using criteria based on a cumulative grade point average of 3.8 or above, professionalism, leadership capabilities, industry experience, and creativity.
DIGITAL MEDIA AWARD
The Digital Media Award is presented to a graduate for outstanding achievement in Digital Media. Instructors select the recipient based on a cumulative grade point average of 3.5 or above, dedication, creativity, excellent technical skills, and a strong passion for the industry.
FASHION DESIGN AWARD
The Fashion Design Award recognizes the outstanding achievement of a graduate in the Fashion Design program who has exhibited a strong understanding of the creative and technical process of producing apparel. The Fashion Design faculty select nominees based on graduates who have attained a cumulative grade point average of 3.8 or above. Finalists submit a portfolio and are interviewed by a panel composed of faculty and fashion design industry professionals.
GRAPHIC DESIGN AWARD
The Graphic Design Award is presented to a graduate for outstanding achievement in the Graphic Design program. The Graphic Design faculty chooses a recipient based on a cumulative grade point average of  3.7 or above, professionalism, creativity, and technical skills.
INTERIOR DESIGN AWARD
The Interior Design Award honors a graduate for outstanding achievement in the Interior Design program. The recipient is selected by the Interior Design faculty and the chairperson.  Criteria for the award is based on a cumulative grade point average of 3.7 or above, excellent technical skills, design aesthetic, professionalism, and industry involvement.
JEWELRY DESIGN AWARD
The Jewelry Design Award recognizes the graduate who exhibits an understanding of the creative and technical process of designing jewelry. The Jewelry Design faculty determine the recipient from graduates who have attained a cumulative grade point average of 3.5 or above.
MERCHANDISING & MARKETING AWARD
The Merchandising & Marketing Award is presented to a graduate for outstanding achievement in the Merchandising & Marketing program. The Merchandising & Marketing faculty select the recipient based on a cumulative grade point average of 3.8 or above, leadership capabilities, professionalism, and industry experience.
MERCHANDISE PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT AWARD
The Merchandise Product Development Award recognizes outstanding achievement in the Merchandise Product Development program. Faculty select the recipient based on a 3.8 or above cumulative grade point average, leadership capabilities, professionalism, and industry involvement.
SOCIAL MEDIA AWARD
The Social Media Award is presented to a graduate for outstanding achievement in the Social Media program. Faculty choose the recipient based on a cumulative grade point average of 3.8 or above including the criteria of professional attitude, leadership capabilities, creativity, industry experience, and involvement.
VISUAL COMMUNICATIONS AWARD
The Visual Communications Award recognizes the graduate who has made an exceptional and sustained effort to achieve excellence in the art of visual communication. Faculty select the recipient based on a cumulative grade point average of 3.8 or above, creativity, craftsmanship skills, professional attitude, and industry involvement.
Graduation Awards FIDM San Francisco
Bachelor or Arts in Design Award
The Design Award recognizes the outstanding achievement of a graduate in the Bachelor of Arts Design program who has demonstrated an innovative and critical approach to the creative and technical processes of design. The Bachelor of Arts in Design faculty select a recipient based on a cumulative grade point average of 3.7 or above, professionalism, creativity, and technical skills. Finalists submit a website or electronic portfolio for faculty review.
Bachelor of Science in Business Management Award
The Business Management Award recognizes an outstanding graduate in this Bachelor of Science program. Candidates are determined based on a cumulative grade point average of 3.7 or above and a faculty nomination. Final candidates are interviewed by an industry panel who selects the recipient based on aptitude for understanding management concepts along with professional and personal leadership behaviors.
Cyril Magnin Award
The Cyril Magnin Award is given to a Merchandising & Marketing graduate who demonstrates outstanding promise in the field of merchandising and marketing, and best exemplifies the entrepreneurial spirit of one of FIDM’s founding Advisory Board members, Mr. Cyril Magnin. Nominees are selected based on a cumulative grade point average of 3.7 or above in conjunction with a nomination by department faculty. Ellen Magnin interviews the finalists and selects the winner.
Graphic Design Award
The Graphic Design Award is awarded to one graduate for outstanding achievement in the field of Graphic Design. Graduates qualify for the award by achieving a cumulative grade point average of 3.7 or above. A panel of graphic design faculty and industry professionals interview candidates. The award recipient is determined based on presentation of professional skills relating to creativity and craftsmanship skills.
Henry Adams Award
The Henry Adams Award is awarded to an outstanding Interior Design graduate who exhibits exceptional design creativity and imagination, combined with exemplary technical skills and dedication to the pursuit of excellence in interior design. Nominees are selected based on a cumulative grade point average of 3.7 or above and are voted by the department faculty. Candidates are interviewed and a winner selected by a panel of industry professionals.
Levi Strauss Award
The Levi Strauss Award is presented for outstanding achievement in Fashion Design. This award recognizes a student who exhibits an exceptional understanding of the creative and practical process of developing and producing an apparel collection. The Fashion Design faculty, from a circulated list of graduates who have attained a cumulative grade point average of 3.7 or above, select the finalists. A panel of industry professionals interviews all finalists and selects the award recipient.
Robert J. Mahoney Award
The Robert J. Mahoney Award recognizes the achievements of an outstanding Visual Communications graduate who exhibits exceptional creativity and technical skills from concept to project execution in the area of visual presentation. Nominees are selected based on a cumulative grade point average of 3.7 or above and are voted on by the department faculty. The award recipient is selected following interviews with San Francisco visual communications professionals.
Wilkes Bashford Award
The Wilkes Bashford Award is awarded to a Merchandise Product Development graduate for excellence in the field. Nominees who have attained a 3.7 or above cumulative grade point average, are voted on by the department faculty. The award recognizes a graduate who possesses exceptional skills in understanding the product cycle as well as demonstrates expertise in the technical aspects of product development. Nominees are interviewed by executives from the Wilkes Bashford store who select the recipient.
Graduation Celebration
All graduates are invited to attend a graduation celebration on their respective campuses. This is a rewarding experience where students can bid farewell to good friends and instructors, network with FIDM Alumni, and celebrate their achievements. This celebration is free of charge to students. An invitation will be mailed to September, December, March, and potential June graduates.
More Policies & Disclosures
About
Consumer Disclosures for Enrolled and Prospective Students
About
Privacy Statement & Legal Notices
About
Bureau of Private Post Secondary Education Annual Reports
About
Summer 2020 FAQs
About
Fall 2020 FAQs
About
Winter 2021 FAQs
About
General Information
About
Title IX & Equity
About
Academic Policies
Student Activities
A chance to network
Read more …