http://filmsdefrance.com/privacypolicy.html
Privacy policy
frenchfilms.org collects data from users for the following purposes:
1) Direct contact with users, so that we can respond to queries
Data is input by the user via a secure form.
Personal data comprises: full name or pseudonym,
geographic location (address optional) and a valid e-mail address.
This data is deleted on request or within 1 month of the data being submitted.
It will be treated as confidential and will not be made available to any other party.
2) Interaction with external social media platforms
This is presently limited to the use of "like buttons" on Facebook, Twitter and GooglePlus.
If you interact with these buttons these social networks could know if you are visiting our site.
3) Traffic analysis
Data is obtained using cookies via Google Analytics, which allows us to monitor traffic
and improve performance on our site. The data is anonymous, i.e. does
not attempt to identify any individual visitor to our site.
If you wish, you can opt out of
Google Analytics via this link.
4) Advertising
Data obtained using cookies is shared with Google Adsense, which customises the ads displayed
on our website accordingly.
This data includes your IP address and will help Google
display ads which may be more relevant to you.
Read how Google uses data when you use its partners' sites or apps
No personal information - i.e. names, addresses, dates of birth, credit card numbers, telephone numbers, etc. -
is ever requested by our website and is not stored by our website.
If you contact us via e-mail, you are not obliged to provide your address or correct name,
but we will require a valid e-mail address to get back to you - this is the only circumstance
where your e-mail address will be requested.
We do not contact users except in response to queries sent to us, either directly or via our e-mail form.
We never sell any information on to any other party.
If you have any queries about our Privacy Policy, please contact us via our standard e-mail form.
By using our website you are agreeing to our use of cookies, as outlined in this policy statement.
If you do no accept our Privacy Policy and are concerned how data may be used we would
advise you to remove the cookies using your web browser (see links below) and avoid visiting
our website in future.
To delete cookies
Internet Explorer
Google Chrome
Firefox
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small text file which is located on
your computer or other device by which you access the internet.
It is placed there by a website's server when you visit a website
and can only be read by this server.
Information contained in a cookie typically includes your user preferences
on the website and your IP address, from which your geographical location
may be inferred.
Most cookies are harmless and can be easily deleted in most web browsers.
Some browsers allow you to block cookies, although many websites may
not function if you do this.
Home
Contact us
About us
Privacy
Terms of use
Copyright
Copyright © frenchfilms.org 1998-2019All rights reserved
All content on this page is protected by copyright
HOME
INDEX
2019 FILMS
QUIZ
SHOP
SEARCH