http://findaid.oac.cdlib.org/privacy.html
Jump to Content
Search OAC
Home
Browse Institutions
Browse Collections
Browse Map
About OAC
Help
What is OAC?
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
The California Digital Library is committed to protecting your privacy
to the greatest extent possible, subject to provisions of state and
federal law. While our systems gather a variety of user
information in the normal course of providing services, this
information is kept for limited purposes only.
For a detailed description of what information we collect from
visitors to this website and how it is used and managed, please see
the CDL Privacy Policy and Baseline Supporting Practices listed at http://www.cdlib.org/about/policies.html
Addendum
The following additional practices, specific to the administration
of the Online Archive of California, may also affect the amount of privacy
you are afforded
on this website.
Google Analytics Opt-Out
As noted in the CDL privacy policy, this website uses Google
Analytics to capture and analyze usage statistics. You may choose to
opt-out of having your website activity tracked by Google Analytics.
To do so, visit the Google
Analytics opt-out page and install the
add-on for your browser.
Sharing Information with Content Contributors
The content on this website is contributed by cultural heritage
institutions across California. We provide our contributors aggregate
reports of usage statistics on the content they have submitted, currently
derived from web server logs. Additionally, some contributors use Google
Analytics to track usage of their content on this website and may take
advantage of data sharing options offered by that service.
Questions about items and collections should be directed to their
contributing institutions. See the “Get items” area in the collection
guide or visit the institution's page for more information. Messages
about items or collections submitted through the site Contact Us page may
be forwarded to the contributing institution. Your contact information
will be included so staff at the contributing institution may follow up
with you directly if needed.
Third Party APIs
Certain features on this website utilize third party services and
APIs such as the Google Maps API or third party hosting of common
javascript libraries or web fonts.
Information used by an external
service is governed by the privacy policy of that service. CDL does not
control how information may be used by these services.
User Surveys
This website will sometimes conduct user surveys. When doing so, it
may set a flash local storage "cookie" so users are only surveyed once
per computer. Survey results are collected as Google Analytics
events.
Revisions
This statement was last revised on December 1, 2011 and may be revised at
any time.
Learn More
Why do we collect user information?
We collect a limited amount of user information in order to provide
the best possible performance and services on the OAC. Statistics
help us understand things like how visitors are arriving at and using
the OAC, which in turn inform our decisions to change or add new
material to the website.
Why do we have a privacy statement?
We believe it is important to be transparent about the kinds of
information we collect from you when you visit this website and to
describe your options, when available.
Questions?
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, feel free to contact us.
Home
|
Browse Institutions
|
Browse Collections
|
Browse Map
|
About OAC
|
Help
|
Contact Us
|
Privacy Statement
|
Terms of Use
|
Accessibility
The Online Archive of California is an initiative of the California Digital Library.