https://finnbrit.fi/privacy-policy-data-protection/
Skip to content
HomePrivacy Policy / Data Protection
Finnbrit respects the confidentiality of
your personal information and complies with the laws governing the processing
of personal information.
Finnbrit provides language learning,
examination services and events, and markets and does market research on those
services. Our operations and services require that we collect and process
personal information.
This Register and Data Protection Statement in accordance with the Personal Data Act (Sections 10 and 24) and the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) describes the purposes for which personal data are used and how they are managed. We will update this statement as our operations evolve or the relevant laws are updated.
The controllers of the personal data processed are the Finnish-British Society r.y and the Finn-Brit Language Centre Oy (Finnbrit). This Registry Statement has been prepared on 6.7.2020.
Registrar+–
Finnish-British Society r.y, Business ID: 0222625-7 and
Finn-Brit Language Centre Oy, Business ID: 1054394-9
Fredrikinkatu 20 A 9, 00120 Helsinki
finnbrit@finnbrit.fi
09-687 7020
Name of the register+–
Member and customer register
What is the purpose of the collecting and processing of personal data?+–
We collect personal information to be able to provide a customized service to our customers.
What personal data do we collect?+–
The personal information we collect from you will vary depending on the context of your interactions with us and the product and/or service that we are providing to you. It may include, but is not limited to, the following information:
identity data including your name, date of birth and gender
contact data including your home/work postal address, email address and phone number
transaction data including your purchase details
profile data including purchases made by you, preferences, feedback, survey responses and any usernames
usage data including how you use our website, products and services
marketing data including your preferences in receiving marketing from us
technical data including internet protocol (IP) address, login data, browser type and technology used to access this website.
How do we collect your personal data?+–
We collect information about you when you:
request marketing to be sent to you
attend an event
register on our website
request products or services
enter a competition, promotion or agree to participate in market research (such as surveys or questionnaires)
provide us with your personal information from your usage of our website and and any other information you send to us and/or post on our website.
provide us with information in the course of our interactions with you
How do we use your personal data?+–
We will only use your personal information in the following ways:
when it is necessary for our legitimate interests:
to enable us to supply you with the products and services and information that you have requested
to help us in the development of, and improvement of our products and services
to provide you with information about products or services that may be of interest to you, using the email address which you have provided or via social media
to invite you to participate in market research activities, such as responding to interview questions or completing online surveys
to send you marketing communications, and show you marketing communications on other websites (including social media sites where you are a member)
to ensure that content from our website is presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer
to automatically collect data about visitors to our site (for example browsing patterns) by using cookies
to maintain our website and ensure network and information security
to prevent and detect fraud and other criminal offences
as long as, in each case, these interests are in line with the laws in force and and your legal rights and freedoms; or
where you have agreed to this for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes; or
where this is necessary for legal obligations which apply to us
Marketing+–
We may contact you for marketing purposes relating to our products and services and our website, unless you let us know that you do not want to receive marketing communications. We will only contact you for these marketing purposes by electronic means (email or SMS) where you have agreed to this. Your agreement to the use of your personal information for these purposes is optional and if you decline to provide your agreement, your visit to and use of the website will not be affected.
Marketing opt out: you are entitled to opt out from receiving marketing communications at any time and free of charge by using the contact details provided in this Privacy Policy or by using the “unsubscribe” option included in any marketing e-mail received from us.
Market research+–
If contacting you to invite you to participate in market research projects, such as questionnaires or interviews, we will only use your personal data for the purpose of the specific project to which you have consented. That personal data will, once the project has been completed, be removed from our systems (see retention below).
How do we share your personal data?+–
We may share personal data:
with Cambridge University and other affiliated businesses and organisations which are owned by it
with the British Council and other affiliated businesses and organisations which are owned by it
with other people and/or businesses who provide services on our behalf or at our request
with regulators and law enforcement agencies, where we are required to do so by law, where necessary for the purposes of preventing fraud and other criminal offences and to ensure network and information security
with social media platforms, including but not limited to Facebook, Google, Google Analytics, LinkedIn, in pseudonymised or anonymised forms
Our website offers the possibility to share content on social media channels, e.g. Facebook. The respective social media provider will directly gather your personal data only after you are registered as a visitor to their site. Please refer to the privacy policy of the social media providers to learn more about what personal data is collected and used.
Transferring personal data outside the EU or the EEA+–
Registry information can be shared within the organization to enable a smooth customer experience. Finland, the United Kingdom and countries inside the European Economic Area have specific laws which protect the way personal data is used.
If you book an IELTS or Cambridge language test, you will be directed to their websites.  You can read the privacy policies and the cookie policies of these services on their own pages.
We also use external service providers to provide technical solutions or services for processing stored information and access the stored information by using a technical interface and share your personal information with third-party service providers to the extent that it is reasonably necessary to perform, improve or maintain the Services. We use third-party service providers, such as e-mail service providers, credit card processors, customer relationship management (CRM) services, information analyzers and business intelligence providers. Finnbrit has the right to share Personal Information as necessary for the aforementioned service providers to provide their services to us.
Finnbrit is not liable for the acts and omissions of these third parties. Finnbrit may host the Services in and transfer personal information for this purpose to countries outside the European Union or the European Economic Area in accordance with mandatory legislation and this Privacy Policy.
Retention+–
It is our policy to retain your personal data for the length of time required for the specific purpose or purposes for which it was collected, or to comply with our legal obligations.
In retention periods, we take into account, for example, statutory claim periods, accounting obligations and the requirements of money laundering legislation. For accounting reasons, we will keep your purchase history for at least 7 years, after which the information will be properly disposed of. Other information such as email addresses will remain in the registry until they are deleted upon request.
At the request of the customer, and if it is possible under other legislation (for example, the Accounting Act), the data may be deleted earlier than the regular deletions mentioned above.
We may keep data which has been anonymised for longer than this period to allow us to carry out analysis of our products and services.
Registry security principles+–
We respect the confidentiality of your personal information. The register shall be handled with due care. The stored data, as well as server access rights and other information critical to the security of personal data, will be treated confidentially and only by the employees whose job role the task it belongs to.
Your rights+–
Subject to applicable law, you may have the right to: obtain confirmation that we hold personal data about you; request access to and receive information about the personal data we maintain about you; receive copies of the personal data we maintain about you; update and correct inaccuracies in your personal data, object to the processing of your personal data; and have your personal data blocked, anonymised or deleted, as appropriate.
The right to access your personal data may be limited in some circumstances by local law requirements such as Finnish laws that apply to the retention of accounting records. To exercise these rights, please contact us via email.
Cookies+–
Our website uses cookies to help us provide you with the best possible user experience on the pages, to help us improve the user experience of the website, as well as for statistical analysis and for advertising purposes. You can disable the use of cookies but this may limit the functionality of the webpages on our site, or your access to our site. See below for more information on the uses of cookies and how you can customize them.
In addition, third-party ancillary services on the site, such as advertisements, YouTube videos, Google stats, or Facebook plug-ins, may store user identification information, which we unfortunately have no control over. As a visitor, you have the option to block the use of cookies by changing your browser settings so that the browser does not allow cookies to be stored. In that case, for some services, blocking the use of cookies may affect the functionality of the service.
Finnbrit uses cookie-based Google Analytics to improve and evaluate the use of its website. Analytics compiles site usage reports.  Finnbrit’s website also has Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn and Twitter “share” buttons. You can read the cookie policies of these services on their own pages on Google Analytics, Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn and Twitter. For information on our CRM and marketing software supplier, please see https://mailchimp.com/legal/cookies/.
You can manage cookies using your browser’s cookie functions.
Usage of cookies:+–
Necessary cookies: These cookies are necessary for the use of the services and their functions, for example, for logging in, for using the e-commerce and electronic payment services
Convenience Cookies: These cookies are used for internal purposes so that we can provide our users with a better user experience on the site
Functional cookies: These cookies allow us to remember user selections, such as language or region. We may also use feature cookies to provide other services, such as enabling you to watch videos on our site
Advertising cookies: These cookies are used to analyze the use of the website, calculate the number of users, and target advertising. This allows us to provide ads and content that are of interest to you
Social Media Cookies: Social media cookies are used to identify a user on social media services so that he or she can, for example, press a button to share articles. These cookies can also be used to target advertising
How can I influence the use of cookies?+–
Private Browsing: You can browse sites by private browsing (“Private Browsing”, “Incognito” or “InPrivate”). This way, cookies are not stored on pages that you have visited
Creating a new cookie profile: You can clear cookies from your browser at regular intervals to reset your profile
Block cookies: You can block cookies in your browser settings. Blocking the use of cookies may affect the functionality of our services
Block targeted advertising: You can opt out of targeted advertising
Google Analytics Blocking: You can block access to your site’s data in Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics Blocking Browser Add-on. For more information on google: https://policies.google.com/privacy and for changing Google Analytics ad settings: https://google.com/settings/u/0/ads/authenticated
Social media cookies: Social media service providers use cookies and plug-ins and buttons to collect information about our services. The purpose and extent of the collection of information by social media service providers, the uses of the information and related rights, as well as information on changes to the privacy regulations, are set out in the privacy terms of each social media service
Changes to this policy+–
We may make changes to this Privacy Policy and will let you know about these changes by displaying them on this website. Changes will will take effect at the time they are displayed. The version of the Privacy Policy that will apply to you is the one which is current at the time we contact you, you use this website or you use our services.