https://flwright.org/privacypolicy
Jump to navigation
ToursChicago
Oak Park
Regional
Wright Plus Housewalk
Group Tours
ProgramsAdult Programs
Youth & Family Programs
EducationDesigning a Better World
School Programs
Youth and Family Programs
TEACHING BY DESIGN: for educators
Wright at Home
ExploreWright's Chicago Years
Organic Design
Historic Sites
The Lost Works
1905: Japan Through the Lens of Frank Lloyd Wright
Restoration Resource Center
Collections
Archives
Access & Interact
Robie House Conservation Plan
Join & GiveMembership
Annual Appeal
Planned Giving
Memorials and Tributes
Business Partners Program
Volunteer
About UsMission and History
Board of Directors
Annual Reports
Employment and Internships
Wright Angles
UNESCO World Heritage Sites
Plan Your VisitHome and Studio
Robie House
The Rookery
Bach House
Unity Temple
Group Tours
Accessibility
Photography
Site Locations
ShopWright
TravelWright
Search form
Search:
Search
Privacy Policy
The Frank Lloyd Wright Trust maintains the following privacy policy to protect personal information you provide online.
Our Web server automatically recognizes information regarding the domain of each visitor to our Website, but not the e-mail address nor any other personal information. Our system can identify which Internet Service Provider our visitors use, but not the names, addresses or other information about our visitors that would enable us to identify the particular visitors to our sites.
We also track information about visits to our Website using Google Analytics. For example, we compile statistics that show the daily number of visitors to our site, the daily views we receive on a particular page, the browsers that visitors use, etc. We use this data internally to improve our site. We may also provide these statistics to others, such as to grant funding organizations. However, the statistics contain no personal information and cannot be used to gather such information.
The information above is collected with the use of cookies. A cookie is a small text file that a Web browser places on a site visitor’s computer hard drive. Cookies enable us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. This data ultimately helps us provide you with a better Website experience. Cookies do not give us access to your computer or any personal information, other than the data you choose to provide us. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can set your browser to decline cookies, if you prefer.
Website visitors who do not want their data collected by Google Analytics may opt out of Google Analytics tracking by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add on.
Our Website may contain links to other Websites of interest. We do not have any control over the other Websites. Hence such sites are not governed by this privacy statement, and we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information collected by such sites.
Simply put, we will not obtain personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us.