https://folking.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Folking Home
About Us
Contact Folking
Latest News
Folking Awards
Folking Social Media Feeds
Folking Video ArchiveThis new section will feature hand picked mini concerts from the folking video archive.
Live Streams
Reviews
Store UK
Store U.S
Audio Interviews
Typed Interviews
News Archive
Gigs – Tour News – Special Events
Latest Festival News
Photos
Privacy Policy
About our Cookies
Celtus – official website
Donate (Tip Jar) We all give our spare time to run folking.com. Our aim has always been to keep folking a free service for our visitors, artists, PR agencies and tour promoters. If you wish help keep us going, please click the PayPal link below to send us a small one off payment or a monthly contribution.
Search Site
Search for:
Follow Us
Facebook
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
Instagram
Bandcamp
Flickr
Top Posts
FIREFALL - Comet (Sunset Blvd. Records)
Kate Rusby to stream full length concert
FOLK ON FOOT podcast wins another award – and announces a special episode with guitarist Richard Thompson!
MOSSY CHRISTIAN - Come Nobles And Heroes (One Row Records ORRCD002)
TOBIAS BEN JACOB – Refuge (own label)
Visit/Subscribe to Youtube Channel
Click storefront above for brand new CD/Vinyl/Download releases. Buying through Amazon helps us to recover a small part of our running costs.Search Music StoreSubscribe to receive a regular email summary of our latest articles.
Email address:
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Recent Posts
TOBIAS BEN JACOB – Refuge (own label)
December 10, 2020
JOHNNY COPPIN – Midwinter – Live In Concert (Red Sky Records RSKCD 123)
December 9, 2020
FIREFALL – Comet (Sunset Blvd. Records)
December 9, 2020
Kate Rusby to stream full length concert
December 9, 2020
Skerryvore will be virtually first-footing around the world on New Year’s Day
December 9, 2020
HANZ ARAKI & KATHRYN CLAIRE – As I Roved Out: Songs Of Spring (The Celtic Conspiracy CELCON002)
December 8, 2020
MOSSY CHRISTIAN – Come Nobles And Heroes (One Row Records ORRCD002)
December 6, 2020
CATFISH KEITH – Blues At Midnight (Fish Tail Records FTRCD018)
December 6, 2020
LONG TALL JEFFERSON – Cloud Folk (Red Brick Chapel Records)
December 5, 2020
HANZ ARAKI & KATHRYN CLAIRE – A Winter Solstice Celebration (The Celtic Conspiracy CELCON001)
December 4, 2020
GRYPHON – Get Out Of My Father’s Car! (own label GRIFCD02)
December 4, 2020
Phil Cunningham’s online Christmas Songbook
December 3, 2020
DeBarra’s goes online
December 3, 2020
CHILLY GONZALES – A Very Chilly Christmas (GENTLE022CD)
December 2, 2020
Celtic Connections announces its first list of artists
December 2, 2020
KIRIKI CLUB – Kiriki Club (own label Kiriki 001)
December 1, 2020
VARIOUS ARTISTS – A Gulf Coast Christmas (Gulf Coast GCRX9028)
December 1, 2020
Judy Collins set to headline Shrewsbury Folk Festival
December 1, 2020
THE LOST NOTES – Lowlifes & High Times (own label)
November 30, 2020
Hewerdine and Napier announce songwriting courses
November 30, 2020
FOLK ON FOOT podcast wins another award – and announces a special episode with guitarist Richard Thompson!
November 30, 2020
KACY & CLAYTON AND MARLON WILLIAMS – Plastic Bouquet (New West Records)
November 29, 2020
EDGELARKS – Henry Martin (Dragonfly Roots DRCD008)
November 27, 2020
THE BILLS – ‘Til The Blues Have Gone (Wheeling RecordsWRCS 2O2OO1)
November 26, 2020
Ninebarrow stream live concert from Poole Lighthouse
November 26, 2020
BEANS ON TOAST – The Unforeseeable Future (Botmusic)
November 26, 2020
BEANS ON TOAST – Knee Deep In Nostalgia (Botmusic)
November 26, 2020
Yvonne Lyon announces her new album
November 26, 2020
MERRY HELL – EMERGENCY LULLABIES & INTERVIEW
November 26, 2020
Michael Chapman streams live concert
November 25, 2020
B.J. COLE WITH DAVE EASTOE – Daydream Smile (Cow Pie COWFOURcd)
November 24, 2020
THIS IS THE KIT – Off Off On (Rough Trade Records)
November 23, 2020
THE NORDIC FIDDLERS BLOC – Bonfrost (own label NFB004CD)
November 22, 2020
STEPHEN CLARK – The Lady Aurora (LAR01)
November 22, 2020
LARKIN POE – Kindred Spirits (Tricki-Woo Records)
November 20, 2020
ZOË WREN – RECKLESS RIVER (own label)
November 19, 2020
Video Wall 17
November 18, 2020
HANZ ARAKI & KATHRYN CLAIRE – Songs Of Love & Murder (The Celtic Conspiracy CELCON004)
November 17, 2020
Show Of Hands announce live album and on-line concert
November 17, 2020
MICHAEL CHAPMAN – Pleasures Of The Street (Mooncrest CRESTCD106)
November 16, 2020
SINGLES BAR 59 – A round-up of recent EPs and singles
November 15, 2020
THE OUTSIDE TRACK – Christmas Star (own label)
November 13, 2020
NORRIE MACIVER AND THE GLASGOW BARONS – Songs Of Govan Old (Glasgow Barons GLASGOWBARONS01)
November 11, 2020
Katie Melua announces her first global livestream
November 11, 2020
HARRIET RILEY & ALEX GARDEN – Sonder (own label HRAG01)
November 10, 2020
TANYA BRITTAIN – Hireth (TCR Music TCRM75903)
November 9, 2020
THE QUIGGS – Wings Of Gold (Lowland LOWLAND021)
November 8, 2020
GREGORY PAGE – One Hell Of A Memory (Interrabang Records)
November 8, 2020
Karen Matheson announces new album
November 8, 2020
DAN SUMNER – Ebb And Flow (Naranjo Records)
November 5, 2020
Privacy Policy – Sample Template
This Privacy Policy sets out how folking.com uses and protects any information it is given when you visit this website.
folking.com is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide information that identifies you when using this website, then rest assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
folking.com may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. We recommend that you check this page over time to ensure that you are happy with its content. This policy is effective from 25/05/2018
Who we are
The folking team are a dedicated group of people (mainly based in the UK) with a passion for music who give their free time to furthering the interests of the folk, acoustic and Americana music movement; we are a growing team of writers & interviewers, reviewing the latest releases from the world of folk, each in own inimitable style…
Our website address is: https://folking.com
The site owner and data controller is Darren Beech whose address is 9 Rowan Road, Lindford, Bordon, Hants, GU35 0RE.
Find out more about us here
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
We may collect the following information:
Contact information, namely your email address (with your permission).
Other information relevant to our annual folking awards and occasional competitions.
We use a third-party plugin called Opinion Stage to run the folking awards voting system. You can view the Opinion Stage Privacy Policy here
What happens to the information that we gather
We require this information to understand our visitors requirements and provide them with a better service, namely for the following reasons:
Subscription to our newsletter.
folking.com sends out an occasional email newsletter (administered by Mailchimp ). It provides a summary of our latest articles including; album and gig reviews, interviews and press releases for festivals together with artist tour, album and EP news.
This information is only sent to the people who have subscribed to our newsletter email (requires a double opt-in process to verify each email address).  If at any point subscribers no longer wish to receive this service, then please either unsubscribe at the bottom of the relevant newsletter, or let us know by email here and we will completely remove you from the Mailchimp mailing list within a month of receiving your request.
Competition entries and informing the winner.
If you enter one of our occasional competitions, we will need some personal information about you such as your name, postal address, e-mail address and telephone number. This information (provided by you) is either manually or electronically stored on a temporary basis for the purpose of contacting the winner. Following the end of the competition, the data collected is deleted.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission to do so or are required by law to provide it.
The Dated Collected Through Our Website Is Anonymous
In addition to the information we collect (described above), we use technology to collect anonymous information about the use of our website. For example, our web server automatically logs which pages of our website our visitors view, their IP addresses and which web browsers our visitors use. This technology does not identify you personally, it simply enables us to compile statistics about our visitors and their use of our website.
Our website contains hyperlinks to other pages on our website. We may use technology to track how often these links are used and which pages on our website our visitors choose to view. Again this technology does not identify you personally – it simply enables us to compile statistics about the use of these hyperlinks.
Cookies
folking.com uses cookies to help improve its functionality and to serve relevant content for its visitors. You can read more about our Cookies Policy here
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Disclosure Of Your Personal Data
We do not share, sell or distribute your Personal Data with unrelated third parties, except as otherwise provided for in this Privacy Statement and under these limited circumstances:
In order to provide you with the information or products which you have requested, Personal Data may occasionally be transferred or shared with other companies or third parties who act for us for further processing in accordance with the purposes for which the data was originally collected or for purposes to which you have subsequently consented. For example, sometimes a third-party may have access to your Personal Data in order to support our information technology or to handle mailings on our behalf such as our newsletter.
We may share, transfer or disclose the information in our databases and server logs to comply with a legal requirement, for the administration of justice, interacting with anti-fraud databases, to protect your vital interests, to protect the security or integrity of our databases or this website, to take precautions against legal liability, or in the event of our sale, merger, reorganisation, dissolution or similar event. We will inform you of any such transfer or disclosure as required by law.
Where appropriate, before disclosing Personal Data to a third-party, we contractually require the third-party to take adequate precautions to protect that data and to comply with applicable law.
Transfer of Data Abroad
If you are visiting this website from a country other than the country in which our servers are located the various communications will necessarily result in the transfer of information across international boundaries.
By visiting this website and communicating electronically with us, you consent to the processing and transfer of your Personal Data as set out in this Privacy Statement.
Competition Terms & Conditions
To enter, follow the instructions as given in each competition by emailing: the answer to the question and/or entering your details as requested.
Entrants not filling in all details will be disqualified.
Closing date and times are as specified in each competition.
The winner will be notified by email and may be announced on the site.
Winners’ email addresses and contact information are passed onto the person responsible for sending out the prizes but we don’t keep details on record once the competition is closed.
Only one entry per person/household. The competitions are only open to the public.
Where the prizes are concert or festival tickets, these may be sent to you as physical tickets, collected from a venue or your name may be added to a guest list (the name of the winner will not be disclosed if the latter is the case).
Entry implies acceptance of these terms and conditions.
The promoter’s decision is final and no correspondence will be entered into. There is no cash alternative and the prizes are non-transferable.
Promoter’s address is Darren Beech whose address is 9 Rowan Road, Lindford, Bordon, Hants, GU35 0RE.
Feedback
If you have any questions about this Statement or any part of our service, you can contact us by e-mailing us here
Spread the folking wordFacebookTwitterTumblrRedditWhatsAppPinterestPrintLike this:Like Loading...
%d bloggers like this:
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thank you