https://folk.org/privacy-policy/
Our Privacy Policy
Last updated: May 25, 2018
ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND ACCEPTANCE OF TERMSFolk Alliance International is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Statement sets forth our current privacy practices with regard to the information we collect when you or your computer interact with our website. By accessing www.folk.org, folkconference.org, folkcamp.org, or kcfolkfestival.org, you acknowledge and fully understand Folk Alliance Internationals’s Privacy Statement and freely consent to the information collection and use practices described in this Website Privacy Statement.
PARTICIPATING MERCHANT POLICIESRelated services and offerings with links from this website, including vendor sites, have their own privacy statements that can be viewed by clicking on the corresponding links within each respective website. Online merchants and others who participate in Folk Alliance International services are encouraged to participate in industry privacy initiatives and to take a responsible attitude towards consumer privacy. However, since we do not have direct control over the policies or practices of participating merchants and other third parties, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or contents of those sites. We recommend and encourage that you always review the privacy policies of merchants and other third parties before you provide any personal information or complete any transaction with such parties.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE ITFolk Alliance International collects certain information from and about its users three ways: directly from our web server logs, cookies, the user, including in response to surveys and questionnaires and content voluntarily shared in forums.
a. Web Server Logs.
When you visit our website, we may track information to administer the site and analyze its usage. Examples of information we may track include:
Your Internet protocol address.
The kind of browser or computer you use.
Number of links you click within the site.
State or country from which you accessed the site.
Date and time of your visit.
Name of your Internet service provider.
Web page you linked to our site from.
Pages you viewed on the site.
b. Use of CookiesFolk Alliance International may use cookies to personalize or enhance your user experience. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. For example, if you personalize a web page, or navigate within a site, a cookie helps the site to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. Hence, this simplifies the process of delivering relevant content and eases site navigation by providing and saving your preferences and login information as well as providing personalized functionality.Folk Alliance International reserves the right to share aggregated site statistics with partner companies but does not allow other companies to place cookies on our website unless there is a temporary, overriding customer value.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies. If you reject cookies by changing your browser settings, then be aware that this may disable some of the functionality on our website.
c. Personal Information of Users Visitors to our website may be permitted to register for certain services such as a weekly email. When you register, we will request some personal information such as name, address, email, telephone number or facsimile number, account number and other relevant information.
We will not disclose personally identifiable information we collect from you to third parties without your permission except to the extent necessary including:
To fulfill your service requests for products or services.
To protect ourselves, our customer or our vendors from liability or to defend our rights, including investigations of fraud or misconduct.
To third parties who have agreed in writing to maintain such information in confidence and use such information solely in performance of services to us.
To respond to legal process or comply with law, including subpoenas.
To entities under common ownership or control with us or to our owners, or in connection with a merger, acquisition, or liquidation of the Folk Alliance International.
How do I withdraw my consent?If after you opt-in or after having not initially taken an opportunity to opt-out, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at any time, by contacting us at fai@folk.org.
USE OF WEB BEACONS OR GIF FILESFolk Alliance International web pages may contain electronic images known as web beacons – sometimes also called single-pixel gifs – that allow Folk Alliance International to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded services. Folk Alliance International may include Web beacons in promotional e-mail messages or newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon.Some of these web beacons may be placed by third party service providers to help determine the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns or email communications. These web beacons may be used by these service providers to place a persistent cookie on your computer. This allows the service provider to recognize your computer each time you visit certain pages or emails and compile anonymous information in relation to those page views, which in turn enables us and our service providers to learn which advertisements and emails bring you to our website and how you use the site. Folk Alliance International prohibits web beacons from being used to collect or access your personal information.
ACCESSING WEB ACCOUNT INFORMATIONWe will provide you with the means to ensure that personally identifiable information in your web account file is correct and current. You may review this information by contacting us by sending an email to fai@folk.org.
HOW TO CORRECT, UPDATE, OR DELETE YOUR INFORMATIONIf you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personally identifiable information we store about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information, contact us at fai@folk.org.
HOW WE PROTECT INFORMATIONWe use commercially reasonable procedures to protect the personal information that we collect from you against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. No security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our databases or the security during transmission to us of the information you supply over the Internet. You can help us by taking precautions to protect your personal information when you are on the Internet and only disclose information that you want to be made public. Change your passwords often using a combination of letters and numbers and make sure to use a secure web browser.