http://freestreet.org/privacy-policy
Home
About
Shows
Free Street Talks
Storyfront
Participate
Support and Donate
Free Street Turns 50
50 Years Timeline
News and Stories
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to www.freestreet.org and Free Street Theater and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Free Street Theater include www.freestreet.org and Free Street. The Free Street website is a marketing site. By using the Free Street website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
In order to better provide you with products and services offered on our Site, Free Street may collect personally identifiable information, such as your:
First and last name
E-mail address
Phone number
Free Street may also collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your:
Age
Gender
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Use of your Personal Information
Free Street collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested. Free Street may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Free Street and its affiliates.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
Free Street does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Free Street may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Free Street, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Free Street may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Free Street or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Free Street; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Free Street, or the public.
Tracking User Behavior
Free Street may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Free Street, in order to determine what Free Street services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Free Street to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Free Street. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Free Street website.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Security of your Personal Information
Free Street secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Free Street uses the following methods for this purpose:
SSL Protocol
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol. We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.
Children Under Thirteen
Free Street does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
E-mail Communications
From time to time, Free Street may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication. In order to improve our Services, we may receive a notification when you open an email from Free Street or click on a link therein. If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from Free Street, you may opt out of such communications by using the unsubscribe link provided in email marketing communications.
Changes to this Statement
Free Street reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Contact Information
Free Street welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Free Street has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Free Street at:
Free Street Theater
1419 W. Blackhawk St.
Chicago, IL 60642
773-772-7248
Effective as of July 20, 2018