https://fso.org.uk/privacy-notice/
Privacy notice
Fulham Symphony Orchestra (FSO) is committed to protecting your personal information and being transparent about what information we hold.  This Privacy Notice explains when and why we collect personal information, how we use it and how we keep it secure. If you have any queries please contact info@fso.org.uk.
This privacy notice was last updated on 6 September 2018.
How do we collect information from you?
Information we collect comes directly from you. You give us your information when you buy a ticket, join as a member, sign up to receive email updates, make a donation or when you communicate with us.
How is your information used?
In order to operate, FSO needs to gather, store and use certain forms of personal information. This is essential for the day-to-day operations of our group (e.g. co-ordinating rehearsals, collecting membership subscriptions and administering ticket bookings).
Who has access to your information?
We do not sell personal details to third parties for any purpose. We will not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes. We take reasonable precaution to store your data securely and it is only accessible by members of the FSO committee.
If you have completed a Gift Aid declaration with us, this information will be passed to HMRC in order to process the Gift Aid claim and will be subject to HMRC’s Privacy Policy.
If you write to us through our website this data is held by WordPress and is subject to the WordPress privacy policy.
Our tickets are processed through TryBooking, WeGotTickets or via our venue (in the case of St John’s Smith Square) and are subject to their respective privacy policies. These details are then shared with us.
What information do we collect and why?
FSO members and players
When you join FSO we collect and store information including your email address, gift aid declaration and bank details in order to administer your membership. We will use this information to contact you regarding group membership administration and activities. We also store details of members’ attendance at rehearsals.
Players’ names and contact details of non-members may be maintained by our orchestra manager with your consent, in order to invite you to play in certain concerts.
Audiences
We need to collect data on ticket bookers to allow you to access our concert(s). This data will only be used for administering access to the concert(s) for which you have booked and will not be used to send you marketing/promotional messages from the group unless you have asked to receive this.
Enquirers
If you write a message to us via the form on our website this information is held by WordPress and emailed to select committee members so that the most suitable member of the team can respond quickly and appropriately.
How long do we keep your data?
We review all personal data at least every two years and remove data where we no longer have a legitimate reason to keep it. If you sign up to our mailing list, we will continue sending you updates until you choose to unsubscribe.
In some cases data is retained based on statutory requirements such as Gift Aid declarations and details of payments made and received.
Your rights
You have the following rights related to your personal data:
The right to request a copy of personal information held about you
The right to request that inaccuracies be corrected
The right to request us to stop processing your personal data
The right to withdraw consent
The right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office or Fundraising Regulator (see https://ico.org.uk for more information)
If you wish to exercise any of your rights or would like more information, please email info@fso.org.uk.
Next concerts We’ll be back
Past concerts Prokofiev, Britten and Copland – 27 June 2020 (cancelled)Tallis, Vaughan Williams and Bruckner – 21 March 2020 (cancelled)Bartók, Brahms and Webern – 16 November 2019
All past concerts
TwitterMy TweetsInstagram
Facebook
Facebook
Photos
Join the orchestra
Past concerts
Future concerts
Members’ page
Support us
Listen
Privacy notice
About us
Photos
History
Marc Dooley, conductor
Tom Evans, leader
Committee and trustees
Arts Award for young people
Follow us Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Support us while you shopSponsored by
Member ofSearch
Search for:
Registered charity No. 1094899
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy