https://gallerygondwana.com.au/privacy
Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander viewers are advised that
this website might contain images of people who are deceased.
×
Artetyerre, 2007 by Billy Benn Perrurle (Collector Portfolio) by Billy Benn Perrurle
ANUMARAPITI by Tommy Watson
Legal
Buying with Confidence
Code of Ethics
Purchasing Art
Refunds & Returns Policy
Copyright
Disclaimer
Privacy
Privacy
Gallery Gondwana is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.
This privacy policy sets out how Gallery Gondwana uses and protects any information that you give to Gallery Gondwana when you use this website.
Any information by which you can be identified when using this website will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Gallery Gondwana reserves the right to change or modify any information contained herein without any prior notice.
What information do we collect?
Whilst you may visit our website anonymously, you may be asked to provide information by which we can contact you when enquiring about any artwork or any content of this website. Information requested will vary according to the purpose, but will generally include your name, email address and phone number. If you are making a purchase you will be asked for your credit card details if you are making a purchase other than through Pay Pal or direct bank transfer. We do not keep your credit card information beyond the the transaction requirement. You will also be asked for  information to assist in delivery, such as your address. We use your information to process transactions or sign you up to our mailing list.
When you visit our site we automatically collect and store the following non-personally identifiable information about you:
the IP address from which you access our website (an IP address is the number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the web);the type of browser and operating system used to access our site;the name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, Google.com if you are connecting from a Google account);the date and time you access our site;the pages you visit; andthe Internet address of the website from which you accessed our site
Your information will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent. The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information pertaining to your inquiry or order. We will not send you periodic emails unless you elect to join our mailing list. You will also have the choice of unsubscribing from our mailing list.
How do we protect your information?
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure
This website contains secure areas located at https://gallerygondwana.com.au indicated by a padlock symbol in the browser.
Gallery Gondwana uses SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) for transmitting private information by encrypting the data transfered over the Internet. This protocol is a standard used by many web sites when you submit confidential information, such as credit card numbers and other personal data. We will never store your credit card details on our servers.
If you have any concerns or enquiries about your security while using our website, please contact us for more information.
Server Statistics
We automatically collect general statistics about our website traffic and store it in log files in order to track usage and user trends on our site. Information includes hits to our server, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), page views, navigational patterns, operating system, date/time stamp, the numbers and frequency of visitors to our site. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the Website, to track users’ movements around the Website so that we can communicate with our users in the most effective manner and provide them the most useful and desired features, functionality, products and services.  When we collect this usage data, we typically only use this data in aggregate form, and not in a manner that would identify you personally.
Phishing
Identity theft and the practice currently known as “phishing” are of great concern to Gallery Gondwana. Safeguarding information to help protect you from identity theft is a top priority. We do not and will not, at any time, request your credit card information, username, login password or national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited e-mail or telephone communication.
Modifications
Gallery Gondwana may amend or change this Privacy Policy from time to time at our sole discretion. We encourage you to check our Site frequently to see the current Privacy Policy and Terms of Use in effect and any changes that may have been made to them. If we make material changes to this Policy, we will post the revised Policy and the revised effective date here. Your continued use of the Site and provision of any Personal Information after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such Privacy Policy change.
Contact us
If you have any questions or suggestions with respect to this policy, or if you wish to ask us to delete, correct, or show you your information as provided above, please email us.
LOADING….
×
Artwork Enquiry:
If you have any specific questions about this artwork please email us at
info@gallerygondwana.com.au.
Be sure to include the catalogue number in your email.
Alternative Contact
Gallery Gondwana (Est. 1990)
(by appointment only)
ALICE SPRINGS NT 0870 AUSTRALIA
ABN 75 009 652 046
PO Box 3770, ALICE SPRINGS NT 0871
P: +61 (0)417 274 431
P: +61 (0)417 757 475
E: admin@gallerygondwana.com.au ——————————————
Gallery Gondwana Fiji
Please phone Rusiate Lali to book a visit his studio.It is located in a beautiful environment on a farm 10 minutes from Nausori airport, 45 minutes from Suva.Pick ups from airport can be arranged.Fresh juices from the farm await your arrival.
A wonderful opportunity to meet one of the most exciting artists of the Pacific Islands.Selection of artwork available and commissions accepted.
PO NMK345, NAMAKA FIJI
P: +679 906 8863P: +679 762 7972
E: admin@gallerygondwana.com.fj
×