https://gatheringofthevibes.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy & Security
As you browse Gatheringofthevibes.com, advertising cookies will be placed on your computer so that we can understand what you are interested in.  Our display advertising partner, AdRoll, then enables us to present you with retargeting advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with Gatheringofthevibes.com. The techniques our partners employ do not collect personal information such as your name, email address, postal address or telephone number. You can visit this page to opt out of AdRoll and their partners’ targeted advertising.
Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information
When you visit our site, our servers automatically collect certain web site usage information. Web site usage information is non-personally identifiable information about how our visitors use and navigate our site, including the number and frequency of visitors to each web page, the length of their stays, the type of browser each visitor is using (for example, Internet Explorer or Firefox), the type of operating system each visitor is using (for example, Windows XP or Mac OS), the domain name of each visitor’s Internet service provider (for example, America Online or Earthlink) and certain other information (for example, IP address). An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet, which our web servers use to identify where to send the information that your computer requests. When you request pages from our site, our servers log your IP address. We may use IP addresses for a number of purposes, such as system administration.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
When we use the term “Personal Information,” we mean information such as your full name, street address, telephone number, e-mail address, and any other information that would allow someone to identify you or contact you. We collect minimal Personal Information when you register for our Message Boards, including your email address. You may choose to disclose more Personal Information as part of your Message Board profile. We collect broader Personal Information when you purchase tickets or other merchandise through our site. We must collect and use this information to verify your purchases. We may use your Personal Information to contact you about your Message Board use or purchases through our site. We also may use your Personal Information to contact you with updates or other information about upcoming events. Users, however, may choose to unsubscribe from these informational updates, in which case they will no longer receive such information. NOTE TO PARENTS ABOUT CHILDREN: Our site is not directed to children younger than 13, and we do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from children younger than 13. If we discover that a person younger than 13 years of age has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete the Personal Information immediately.
Cookies
To enhance your experience with our site, we may use “cookies.” Cookies are small data files that we place in a computer’s browser when you visit the site. We may use cookies for a number of purposes, such as tracking usage patterns, facilitating your ability to navigate the site, and as part of our verification or screening processes. Cookies automatically identify your web browser whenever you visit the site.
Links
Our site may contain links to other web sites, whose information practices may be different from ours. You could be directed to other web pages or online content through links that are beyond our control. These other web pages may set their own cookies, collect data, and/or have their own privacy policies. This Privacy Policy only covers information collected by us from our site, and we encourage you to review the privacy policy of any other web site you visit.
Security
We make reasonable efforts to maintain security and confidentiality of your Personal Information. However, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure and for most Internet sites, it is possible that third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications over an unsecured transmission. As a result, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information we receive and we are not responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of Personal Information. We do not store financial information like credit card numbers or Personal Information such as social security numbers on this site.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time. However, we will use your Personal Information in a manner consistent with the Privacy Policy then in effect at the time we received the information. We encourage you to check this Privacy Policy often for updates. We may also e-mail you, at our discretion, about any such changes.
Your Cart Product CategoriesClothing
Baby & Kids
Men's
Warm Layers
Women's
Collectibles
Headgear
Novelties
Posters
Uncategorized