https://gebr-alexander.de/en/legal-notice/
Legal Notice
Gebr. Alexander,
Rhein. Musikinstrumentenfabrik GmbH
Bahnhofstraﬂe 9
55116 Mainz
Germany
Shipping Address:
Robert-Koch-Straﬂe 10, 55129 Mainz-Hechtsheim (Germany)
Mailing Address:
Postfach 1166, 55001 Mainz (Germany)
Phone:† +49 61 31 28 80 80
Fax: † † † +49 61 31 28 80 810
E-mail: ††mail(at)musik-alexander.de
Represented by:
Philipp Alexander
p.alexander(at)musik-alexander.de
Registergericht Mainz
Register number: HRB 0229
VAT number: DE 149 044 988
Webmaster:
Stephan Kahl
s.kahl(at)musik-alexander.de
Disclaimer
Accountability for content
The contents of our pages have been created with the utmost care. However, we cannot guarantee the contentsí accuracy, completeness or topicality. According to statutory provisions, we are furthermore responsible for our own content on these web pages. In this context, please note that we are accordingly not obliged to monitor merely the transmitted or saved information of third parties, or investigate circumstances pointing to illegal activity. Our obligations to remove or block the use of information under generally applicable laws remain unaffected by this as per ßß 8 to 10 of the Telemedia Act (TMG).
Accountability for links
Responsibility for the content of external links (to web pages of third parties) lies solely with the operators of the linked pages. No violations were evident to us at the time of linking. Should any legal infringement become known to us, we will remove the respective link immediately.
Copyright
Our web pages and their contents are subject to German copyright law. Unless expressly permitted by law (ß 44a et seq. of the copyright law), every form of utilizing, reproducing or processing works subject to copyright protection on our web pages requires the prior consent of the respective owner of the rights. Individual reproductions of a work are allowed only for private use, so must not serve either directly or indirectly for earnings. Unauthorized utilization of copyrighted works is punishable (ß 106 of the copyright law).
Source:†Vorlagen Musterimpressum http://www.muster-vorlagen.net
AddressGebr. Alexander
Rhein. Musikinstrumentenfabrik GmbH
Robert-Koch-Straﬂe 10
55129 Mainz, Germany
ContactPhone: +49 61 31 28 80 80
Email: mail(at)musik-alexander.de
Mo-Fr: 9-18h, Saturday closedLinks
Scroll to top
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.OKLearn moreCookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Maps.
Google reCaptcha Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Privacy Policy
You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
Datenschutz
Accept settingsHide notification only