https://getitwriteonline.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to https://getitwriteonline.com and Get It Write Online and governs data collection and usage.
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Get It Write Online include https://getitwriteonline.com and Get It Write. The Get It Write website is an educational information, marketing, and ecommerce site.
By using the Get It Write website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Privacy Compliance Certification
Get It Write has SSL certification.
Collection of your Personal Information
In order to provide you with our weekly email service, we collect personally identifiable information, including your first and last name and your e-mail address.
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site (we use PayPal, a secure method of making a credit card payment). To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Use of your Personal Information
Get It Write collects and uses your personal information to deliver the services you have requested.
Get It Write may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Get It Write and its affiliates.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
Get It Write does not sell, rent, or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Get It Write may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Get It Write, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Get It Write may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary (a) to conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Get It Write or the site, (b) to protect and defend the rights or property of Get It Write, and/or (c) to act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Get It Write or the public.
Tracking User Behavior
Get It Write may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Get It Write in order to determine which Get It Write services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Get It Write to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Get It Write. This information can include your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Get It Write website.
Use of Cookies
The Get It Write website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can be read only by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Get It Write pages or register for Get It Write services, a cookie helps Get It Write to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Get It Write website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Get It Write features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Get It Write services or websites you visit.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Security of your Personal Information
Get It Write secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Get It Write uses the following methods for this purpose: SSL Protocol
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this site cannot be guaranteed.
Children under Thirteen
Get It Write does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Disconnecting Your Get It Write Account from Third Party Websites
You will be able to connect your Get It Write account to third party accounts. BY CONNECTING YOUR GET IT WRITE ACCOUNT TO YOUR THIRD PARTY ACCOUNT, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU ARE CONSENTING TO THE CONTINUOUS RELEASE OF INFORMATION ABOUT YOU TO OTHERS (IN ACCORDANCE WITH YOUR PRIVACY SETTINGS ON THOSE THIRD PARTY SITES). IF YOU DO NOT WANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU, INCLUDING PERSONALLY IDENTIFYING INFORMATION, TO BE SHARED IN THIS MANNER, DO NOT USE THIS FEATURE. You may disconnect your account from a third party account at any time.
This site partners with Google AdSense and Newor Media for third-party ad placement. They use cookies to determine users’ interests based on their visits to this and other websites. Click here to disconnect your account from Google AdSense. To block all cookies, go to the settings in your browser (see “cookies” above).
E-mail Communications
From time to time, Get It Write may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication. In order to improve our services, we may receive a notification when you open an email from Get It Write or click on a link therein.
If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from Get It Write, you may opt out of such communications by Customers may unsubscribe from emails by clicking on the UNSUBSCRIBE link.
External Data Storage Sites
We may store your data on servers provided by third party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted.
Changes to This Statement
Get It Write reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Contact Information
Get It Write welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Get It Write has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Get It Write at
Get It Write Online
400 Hampton Trace Lane
Columbia, South Carolina 29209
Email Address: ntuten@getitwriteonline.com
Telephone number: 803-479-5092
Effective as of October 04, 2019
Before you go...
Subscribe to our weekly email and receive a link to a free lesson that can transform your writing.
Enter your email address to receive a link each week to an article focusing on ways to improve your writing and editing.
Send My Free Lesson