https://getsomelyrics.com/privacy-policy
Search
Skip to content
Latest Hindi Songs Lyrics
Bollywood song lyrics is a category /section of Getsomelyrics.com in which all Bollywood Hindi songs
Read More
Top 100 Most Famous & Popular English Songs Lyrics
English Music which has the genuine soul of as indicated by the subject of the tune or any visual ci
Read More
Bollywood Song Lyrics
As everyone knows that music has no boundaries that’s why it’s been liked by each class of a
Read More
Best Movies of 2018
Hi Users, hope you guys are enjoying this website by getting all of your desired movie’s song
Read More
The use of the getsomelyrics.com website(s) and/or getsomelyrics.com software and any getsomelyrics.com services and products (collectively, the “Website”) provided by getsomelyrics.com Inc. (“getsomelyrics.com”) are subject to the provisions of this Privacy Policy, including any amendments or updates hereto. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the getsomelyrics.com Terms & Conditions. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Website.
General
getsomelyrics.com takes your privacy seriously. We gather certain types of information about our users and we want to help you understand the terms related to the collection and use of the information which we collect. This Privacy Policy discloses the types of information we gather, how we use it, and what choices you have regarding the collection of such information.
BY USING, ACCESSING OR DOWNLOADING THE DATA FROM WEBSITE), YOU AGREE TO THE COLLECTION AND USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION (AS HEREUNDER DESCRIBED), ALL IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET HEREUNDER. getsomelyrics.com, reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time and without notice, and it is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy for any changes. Your use of the Website following any amendment of this Privacy Policy will signify your assent to and acceptance of its revised terms.
If you are under the age of 13, you can use the Website, and we ask you not to submit any personal information to us.
Please note that any video, image, or other content posted at the direction of users onto the getsomelyrics.com website becomes published content and is not considered personally identifiable information subject to this Privacy Policy. Collection of Information Personal Information. Use of certain features of the Website may require submission of certain personal information, including your first and last name, email address, a nickname (or other user ID) and a password.
Non personally identifiable Information. getsomelyrics.com may also collect or receive additional non-personally identifiable usage information specifically related to the use of a particular feature or offering on the Website, and responses to the offerings and advertisements presented on the Website.
getsomelyrics.com may also collect or receive (in some cases as part of the internet communication protocol) certain non-personally identifiable technical information, when the Website and pages are visited or when a getsomelyrics.com client is used.
How is the information being used?
The information is used to operate and improve the features, offerings and content presented to you by getsomelyrics.com, to personalize the content and advertisements provided to you; to fulfill your requests for products, programs, and services; to communicate with you and respond to your inquiries; to conduct research about your use of the Website; and to help offer you other products, programs, or services that may be of interest.
Please note that getsomelyrics.com may use your personally identifiable information to present offers to you on behalf of business partners and advertisers. However, while getsomelyrics.com business partners and advertisers may receive aggregate data about getsomelyrics.com users, any personally identifiable information of yours will not be shared with third parties unless you have consented to the sharing of this information.
Not with standing the foregoing, your information may be accessed and disclosed if and as required by legal procedures, as determined by getsomelyrics.com in good faith. Furthermore, getsomelyrics.com may transfer personally identifiable information in the event of a transfer of ownership of getsomelyrics.com or any of its websites or products, in which case the information could become subject to a different privacy policy.
Cookies
getsomelyrics.com may use cookies, web beacons or similar technologies to enhance and personalize your experience of the Website, including to operate and improve offerings through the Website; to help authenticate your identity when you visit and transact with the Website; to remember your preferences and registration information; to present and help measure and research the effectiveness of the various offerings, advertisements, and e-mail communications (by determining which e-mails you open and act upon); and to customize the content and advertisements provided to you. ??
getsomelyrics.com does not require that you accept cookies, and you may disable cookies at any time. However, some functionality of our Website may be impaired if you decline to accept cookies. To disable cookies, follow the instructions in your web browser.
Security
getsomelyrics.com has implemented security policies, rules and technical measures to protect and safeguard the personally identifiable information under our control from unauthorized access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorized modification, unlawful destruction or accidental loss. All our personnel that have access to, and are associated with the processing of your personally identifiable information, are obligated to respect the confidentiality of the information.
Privacy Policy
getsomelyrics.com Privacy Policy is to share personal information only with the owner’s informed consent. With your consent, from time-to-time, getsomelyrics.com may provide its business partners with contact details for direct marketing purposes of relevant services, products, and programs. If you no longer wish your information to be shared, please let us know. If you have further inquires regarding getsomelyrics.com information sharing practices, please let us know at this number: +923214268223
Special Note for Parents
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. For that reason, getsomelyrics.com does not knowingly collect or maintain personally identifiable information on the Website from persons under 13 years of age, and no part of our Website is directed to persons under 13. If getsomelyrics.com learns that personally identifiable information of persons under 13 years of age has been collected on the Website without verified parental consent, then will take the appropriate steps to delete this information.
Modification and Deletion of Personally Identifiable Information
Deletion (Opt-Out). In order to delete the personally identifiable information you submitted, notify us at (getsomelyrics.wt@gmail.com) that you wish to delete your personally identifiable information or any part thereof contained at our databases.
Modification: If you wish to modify or update your personally identifiable information, use the Website or application interface. If you need help, please contact us at (getsomelyrics.wt@gmail.com)
Search your Lyrics
Search for:
Popular Artists Eminem
Enrique Iglesias
Justin Bieber
Jennifer Lopez
Rihana
Akcent
Katy Perry
Darude
Lil Wayne
Nadia Ali
Top Bollywood Movies Ashiqui 2 Lyrics
Baajirao Mastani Lyrics
Jannat 2 Lyrics
Race 3 Lyrics
Eik Tha Tiger Lyrics
Raees Lyrics
Badla Lyrics
Sanju Lyrics