http://glasscock.rice.edu/policies
Skip to main content
In response to COVID-19, the Glasscock School has moved the majority of our upcoming offerings online. Learn more
Blog
Contact
Donate
Our Impact
Register
Subscribe to Newsletter
Visit Rice Main Site
Policies
HomeAbout the Glasscock SchoolPolicies
Policies
Susanne M. Glasscock School of Continuing Studies Policies
Anderson-Clarke Center
Blog
Contact Us
Dean of Continuing Studies
Departments
Frequently Asked Questions
Media Center
OpenRICE
Parking & Directions
Policies
Public Art
School Calendar
Support Us
The Rice Advantage
PHONE: 713-348-4803 FAX: 713-348-5213
WEBSITE: glasscock.rice.edu
EMAIL: gscs@rice.edu
BUSINESS HOURS: Monday–Friday, 8:30 a.m.–5 p.m.
PHYSICAL LOCATION: Entrance #8 at the intersection of University Boulevard and Stockton Drive D. Kent and Linda C. Anderson and Robert L. and Jean T. Clarke Center
MAIL ADDRESS: Rice University, 6100 Main St., MS 550, Houston, TX 77005-1827
Registration
Unless otherwise noted, Continuing Studies classes are open to adults aged 18 and older. Registration for most courses offered by the Glasscock School of Continuing Studies can be completed online by creating a profile, adding courses to your shopping cart and using our secure payment gateway. Others, such as our credit and some certificate programs, have an application process. The information on this page applies mainly to those programs that do not require an application. Please call us at 713-348-4803 with any questions.
Note: Checks submitted to Rice University for payment may be converted into an electronic funds transfer from your account. Cash is not accepted as a form of payment.
How to Register
ON THE WEB: Online registration is available for most courses at glasscock.rice.edu. BY PHONE: Call 713-348-4803 during business hours. To register for Language Programs, call 713-348-4019.IN PERSON: Register during business hours at the Anderson-Clarke Center, Entrance #8, at the intersection of University Boulevard and Stockton Drive. Short-term parking spaces are available behind the building.BY FAX: Some of our programs may have downloadable registration forms on the website at glasscock.rice.edu which you can fax to 713-348-5213.
Note: Not all registration options are available for all courses. For your protection, we will not accept enrollments or payment by email.
Discounts
Discount for Rice Students, Faculty, Retirees, Staff (plus spouses and partners)
Please call 713-348-4803 to receive the appropriate discount code. A 50 percent discount on non-limited enrollment courses, including most courses in the categories of Humanities, Social Sciences, Arts and Science, Technology & Health, is offered to Rice University students, faculty, retirees, staff, and spouses and partners. The discount is 10 percent on limited enrollment courses. No discounts are offered for Language Programs or cooking classes, and we reserve the right to modify the discount on certain courses. Discounts do not apply to the cost of books or supplies. Please indicate your Rice University status when you register. However, the discount on Graduate Liberal Studies and Master of Arts in Teaching tuition is 10 percent for benefits-eligible staff and faculty once admitted into the program, and there is no discount for family members, partners or spouses of staff or faculty.
Discount for Rice University Alumni
Rice University alumni receive discounts on select programs offered by the Susanne M. Glasscock School of Continuing Studies. Alumni are now offered a 10 percent discount on select offerings for personal and professional development and other opportunities for enrichment through the Glasscock School of Continuing Studies except for Language Program courses. The reduced fee is indicated in the course description. Only one discount may be applied to the course fee; the registration system will use the lowest rate. For the Master of Liberal Studies and the Master of Arts in Teaching programs, alumni receive a 15 percent discount on tuition once admitted into the program.
Refunds
A 10 percent processing fee will be subtracted from all refunds. Due to the high demand for courses, registrations are considered final as of the dates listed by program area. No refunds will be issued after these dates and credits will not be given for future classes. No refunds will be granted for participants who miss a portion of a program. Refund requests before the deadline must be made in writing to gscs@rice.edu. Refunds for credit card payments will be processed as credits to the accounts from which they were paid and may not appear as a credit on your statement for up to four to six weeks. Refunds for enrollments paid by check take up to four to six weeks to be processed and mailed by the Rice University accounting office. There is a $30 charge for any check returned for insufficient funds.
Program specific refund policies are as follows:
Center for Philanthropy & Nonprofit Leadership, Community Learning & Engagement and Professional & Executive Programs
10 working days before class starts. If books have been issued, the cost of the books and any shipping fees will be deducted.
Center for College Readiness
30 days before class starts.
School Literacy and Culture
30 working days before class starts.
Master of Arts in Teaching & Teacher Education
Rice University’s regular withdrawal policies apply.
Graduate Liberal Studies
All tuition refunds are subject to the refund schedule below:
1st Week: 100 percent of tuition is refunded (minus any textbook costs); fees are refunded
2nd Week: 50 percent of tuition is refunded (minus any textbook costs); fees are not refunded
3rd Week: 25 percent of tuition is refunded (minus any textbook costs); fees are not refunded
There are no tuition refunds after the third week of the session.
ESL Communication Skills Program
Course fees will be refunded in full if the class is canceled or if a student cancels a registration before the application deadline
If cancellation is made after the application deadline but before 5 p.m. on the last business day before the session begins, a $30 processing fee will be deducted from the refund
Students withdrawing before the fourth class meeting will receive a refund of one-third of the course fee
There is no refund for any student withdrawing after the fourth class meeting
All refund requests must be submitted in writing to esl@rice.edu
Refunds will be processed as credits to the accounts from which they were paid and may not appear as a credit until the following statement
Refunds for enrollments paid by check can take up to four weeks to be processed
There is a $30 charge for any check returned for insufficient funds.
Intensive English Program
The $100 testing and registration fee is non-refundable
New students canceling by 4 p.m. on the last business day before classes begin will be charged a $100 cancellation fee to cover the cost of testing and registration
Returning students canceling after the re-enrollment deadline and by 4 p.m. on the last business day before classes begin will be charged a $50 cancellation fee
Students withdrawing after 4 p.m. on the last business day before classes begin and before 4 p.m. on the tenth day of class will receive a refund of one-third of their tuition (Students who have paid $2,550 will receive a $850 refund.)
There is no refund for any student withdrawing after the tenth day of class
All refund requests must be submitted in writing to esl@rice.edu
Refunds will be processed as credits to the accounts from which they were paid and may not appear as a credit until the following statement
Refunds for enrollments paid by check can take up to four weeks to be processed
There is a $30 charge for any check returned for insufficient funds.
Foreign Language Program
Course fees will be refunded in full if the class is canceled or if a student cancels a registration before the application deadline. All refund requests must be submitted in writing to fl@rice.edu. See the calendar.
If cancellation is made after the application deadline but before 5 p.m. on the last business day before the session begins, a $30 processing fee will be deducted from the refund. Students withdrawing before the fourth class meeting will receive a refund of one-third of the course fee. There is no refund for any student withdrawing after the fourth class meeting
Refunds will be processed as credits to the accounts from which they were paid and may not appear as a credit until the following statement. Refunds for enrollments paid by check can take up to four weeks to be processed. There is a $30 charge for any check returned for insufficient funds.
English Success in the Workplace
The $30 testing and registration fee is non-refundable.
The tuition, course technology fee, and e-textbook fee can be refunded until the payment deadline for each session.
All refund requests must be submitted in writing to esl@rice.edu before the payment deadline.
No refunds will be given after the payment deadline for each session.
There is a $30 charge for any check returned for insufficient funds.
Online English and Academic Preparation
The $30 application fee is non-refundable.
The tuition can be refunded until the payment deadline for each session.
All refund requests must be submitted in writing to esl@rice.edu before the payment deadline.
No refunds will be given after the payment deadline for each session.
There is a $30 charge for any check returned for insufficient funds.
Books
Some courses have required or recommended texts. For information on books for your course see individual program pages at glasscock.rice.edu or call 713-348-4803.
Schedule Changes & Cancellations
Although we make every effort to maintain the published class schedules, insufficient enrollment or other unforeseen occurrences may require a schedule change, cancellation or instructor substitution. These changes will be posted on the website, and we will attempt to notify you as early as possible. In the event of a schedule adjustment or cancellation, neither Rice University nor the Glasscock School of Continuing Studies shall be held responsible for any non-refundable costs incurred by a participant, including, but not limited to, transportation or accommodation fees.
Accessibility for Students with Disabilities
Rice University is committed to providing equal opportunity and access to the educational environment. Rice’s Disability Support Services supports and implements federal guidelines included in Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and the Americans with Disabilities Act. If you have a documented disability that may affect academic performance, you should take the following steps:
1. Provide documentation for the file in Rice University’s Disability Support Services Office (Allen Center, Room 111; 713-348-5841; adarice@rice.edu). For documentation guidelines and forms, visit www.dss.rice.edu and click on “Student Information.”
2. Inform the program coordinator in the Glasscock School, preferably at least 10 days in advance of the first day of class. Call 713-348-4803 or email gscs@rice.edu to be connected with the program coordinator associated with your class.
Privacy Policy
The Glasscock School of Continuing Studies adheres to the Rice University Privacy Notice. Please visit https://privacy.rice.edu/privacy for details.
Download our Course Guide for Fall 2020
Experience lifelong learning driven by your fascinations. Explore history, science, music, current events, creative writing, photography, studio art, meditation and many other subjects in our short, non-credit courses.
DOWNLOAD FREE COURSE GUIDE
Search The Catalog
Rice Policies
© 2020 Rice University