http://gourdweb.com/privacy-policy-2/
Kelly Stansel operates gourdweb.com and may operate other gourdweb.com. It is Kelly Stansel policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our gourdweb.com.
Gourdweb.com Visitors
Like most gourdweb.com operators, Kelly Stansel collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Kelly Stansel’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Kelly Stansel visitors use its gourdweb.com. From time to time,Kelly Stansel may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its gourdweb.com.
Kelly Stansel also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on gourdweb.com blogs/sites. Kelly Stansel only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Kelly Stansel’s gourdweb.com choose to interact with Kelly Stansel in ways that require Kelly Stansel to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Kelly Stansel gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at gourdweb.com to provide a userKelly Stansel and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Kelly Stansel are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Kelly Stansel collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Kelly Stansel. Kelly Stansel does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain gourdweb.com-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Kelly Stansel may collect statistics about the behaviour of visitors to its gourdweb.com. Kelly Stansel may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Kelly Stansel does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Kelly Stansel discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Kelly Stansel behalf or to provide services available at Kelly Stansel gourdweb.com, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Kelly Stansel gourdweb.com, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Kelly Stansel will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Kelly Stansel discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Kelly Stansel believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Kelly Stansel, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Kelly Stansel gourdweb.com and have supplied your email address Kelly Stansel may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with our products. If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Kelly Stansel takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a gourdweb.com stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the gourdweb.com each time the visitor returns. We use cookies to help Kelly Stansel identify and track visitors, their usage of gourdweb.com, and their gourdweb.com access preferences. Visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Kelly Stansel gourdweb.com, with the drawback that certain features of our gourdweb.com may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Ads
Advertising partners, who may set cookies, may deliver ads appearing on any of our gourdweb.com to users. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Kelly Stansel and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Kelly Stansel may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Kelly Stansel sole discretion. we encourage visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a gourdweb.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.