https://gp-hq.net/gp-office/index.php?id=privacy
Summary
This policy covers all GP-Net websites and sub-sites published therein ("GP-Net"):
GP-Net Media (giantpygmy.net)
GP-Net Services (gp-hq.net)
... with the sole exception of SYSTEM (online store) which has its own strict privacy policy.
The information you provide to GP-Net will not be disclosed to any other party or be used for any other purposes than those stated.
GP-Net is committed to keeping your information private. We do not release data to third parties save as required by law and then only if we haven't already deleted it. If you post (i.e. via a feedback form) personally identifiable information (which we strongly advise against) GP-Net will not be held liable for any actions resulting in that information being made public by you.
You agree that you do not object to us contacting you should you request a reply from us either by email or through a feedback form.
Cookies
GP-Net sites use a single PHPSessionID cookie which expires at the end of your browsing session. In general, a sensible practice is to allow cookies but keep them only while the browser is open. For example: Firefox > Options > Privacy > Accept cookies - Keep until I close Firefox. This way sites function but any historical analysis / tracking data is removed.
Server Logs
Our site automatically generates log files. These logs are wiped after 1 month. Our hosting company does keep backups, however their backups are constantly overwritten and thus quite quickly over a backup cycle this data is also flushed from our web host's system.
Log files contain anonymous information such as: date and time, IP address, domain name, browser type and operating system, referrer URL, object requested and completion status of the request.
We use log files to measure visitor activity, to prevent security breaches and to hopefully improve our site. We do not collect data for any other purposes.
Google
We DO use Google Webmaster tools to manage submissions to Google and to check for site errors. This provides no personally identifiable information to either us or our server.
We DO NOT use Google Analytics, mainly for privacy reasons but also due to its impact on page loading. In addition, it's easily and increasingly blocked by browser add-ons (which we think is a very good thing). A useful tool to test this (for any site) is GA Checker, just enter the domain, e.g. giantpygmy.net
We DO NOT use Google Web Fonts, mainly for privacy reasons but also because the non-local loading of fonts can slow down page loading.
Social Network Spying
GP-Net regards the "social networking phenomenon" as merely the data mining industry's attempt to suck up every last bit of everyone's personal data. For this reason GP-Net do not use any social media "buttons" or functionality that tracks a user's web behaviour and preferences.
Acceptance of this Privacy Policy
Use of GP-Net websites is deemed to demonstrate acceptance of this privacy policy. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use these websites. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time (changes are noted at the base of this policy) . Please check this page periodically for any modifications. Your continued use of GP-Net websites following the posting of any changes to these terms shall mean that you have accepted those changes.
Please note that GP-Net is not responsible for the privacy policies or content of third party sites (for example: Google collects data when a YouTube video is embedded).
Last updated: 12/09/20
12/09/20: Added details of our non-use of Google Web Fonts (and corrected a typo).
06/08/20: Re-worded to have both GP-Net Media (giantpygmy.net) and GP-Net Services (gp-hq.net) covered under a single policy.
© GP-Net Services Design by GP-NET | TEMPLATED