https://gretachristina.typepad.com/greta_christinas_weblog/2011/08/new-group-for-non-believers-helps-atheists-grieve.html
Greta Christina's Blog
Sex, atheism, politics, dreams, and whatever. Thinking out loud since 2005.
About
Recent Comments
Nicolas Argueta on How Gay Marriage Is Destroying Normal Marriage -- No, Really
Cristero on Atheists and Anger
Plumber  on Porn Cliches, Or, On Not Seducing the Plumber: The Blowfish Blog
John Harman on Why Are You Still Catholic?
Michael price on Atheism in Pop Culture: "Old Time Religion"
carpet cleaning services in melbourne on "Evolved This Way": My Atheist Evolution-Themed Lady Gaga "Born This Way" Song Parody
Allen Carlos on Caught Between Fat and Thin: When a Fat Acceptance Advocate Takes Off the Pounds
Allen Carlos on The Fat-Positive Feminist Skeptical Diet: An Update
Allen Carlos on Why Is It Hard To Lose Weight?
MyWorldIsOpen Blog on Atheists of Color - A List
Categories
Art
Atheism
Atheist Memes of the Day
Blog Carnivals
Books and Language
Cats
Current Affairs
Dreams
Feminism
Film
Food and Drink
Music
Philosophy/ Life
Politics
Porn
Queer/Bi
Religion
Science
Sex
Skepticism
SM
Sports
Television
Things I Like
Travel
Weight Management
Writing news
See More
Archives
September 2011
August 2011
July 2011
June 2011
May 2011
April 2011
March 2011
February 2011
January 2011
December 2010
More...
The Out Campaign
Atheist Blogroll
Atheists of Color/ Female Atheists
Atheists of Color - A List
A large list of awesome female atheists
Some blogs (and websites) I like
Advanced Style
Alison Bechdel: Dykes To Watch Out For
AlterNet
An Apostate’s Chapel
Angry Black Woman, The
Anti-Intellect Blog, The
Bilerico Project, The
Black Skeptics Group
Black Woman Thinks...
BlackFemLens
Blag Hag
Butterflies and Wheels
Cute Overload
Cutting Through The Crap
Daylight Atheism
Digital Cuttlefish, The
Dispatches from the Culture Wars
Ebon Musings
Eros Blog
EvolutionBlog
Feministing
Fishnet
Food Politics (Marion Nestle)
Freethought Blogs
Friendly Atheist
Gay Persons of Color
Godless and Black
Jesus and Mo
John Corvino
Koreanish
Letters from a Broad
Making Light: Patrick & Teresa Nielsen Hayden
Mr. Deity
My Plastic-free Life
No Religion Know Reason (Caribatheist)
Obesity Panacea
PageOneQ
Pam's House Blend
Pandaemonium (Keenan Malik)
Pandagon
Pharyngula
PodBlack Cat
Rachel Kramer Bussel: Lusty Lady
Raw Story
Respectful Insolence
Sexual Intelligence: Dr. Marty Klein
Skepchick
Skeptic's Annotated Bible/ Koran/ Book of Mormon
Skeptic's Dictionary
Skeptico
Spanish Inquisitor
Spanking Blog
SpankingTube
Susie Bright's Journal
Uncredible Hallq, The
Violet Blue: Tiny Nibbles
Weighty Matters
Why Evolution is True: Dr. Jerry Coyne
WWJTD (What Would JT Do?)
Blog powered by Typepad
Member since 05/2005
Photo Albums
Atheist Motivational Posters
GretaPhotos
« The Best Things About the Midwest Humanist and Freethought Conference |
Main
| Greta Interviewed on "Ask an Atheist" Podcast! »
Memo to Religious People: Many Atheists Don't Want to Hear That Their Loved Ones "Are in Heaven" -- New Group for Non-Believers Helps Atheists Grieve
In a society that reflexively copes with death by using religion, grieving atheists are turning to each other.
How do you deal with death -- your own, or that of people you love -- when you don't believe in God or an afterlife?
Especially when our culture so commonly handles grief with religion... in ways that are so deeply ingrained, people often aren't aware of it?
A new online faith-free grief support group, Grief Beyond Belief, is grappling with that very question. And the launch of the group -- along with its rapid growth -- presents another compelling question: Why do so many atheists need and want a separate godless sub-culture... for grief support, or anything else?
Grief Beyond Belief was launched by Rebecca Hensler after the death of her three-month-old son. Shortly after Jude's death, she discovered Compassionate Friends, an online network of parents grieving the deaths of their children. But even though Compassionate Friends is not a religious organization, she says, "I often felt alienated by assurances from other members that my son was in heaven or by offers to pray for me, comforts that were kindly meant but that I do not believe and cannot accept." And she knew there were others who felt the same way. (Conflict of interest alert: Hensler and I are friends, and I actively encouraged and supported her in launching this group.)
So about a year later, she started a Facebook page, Grief Beyond Belief. And the group grew and flourished far beyond her expectations. Once the atheist blogosphere heard about the group, news about it spread like wildfire, and membership in the group grew rapidly, rising to over a thousand in just the first couple of weeks. The group is open to atheists, agnostics, humanists, and anyone without belief in a higher power or an afterlife, to share memories, photos, thoughts, feelings or questions, and to give others support, perspective, empathy, or simply a non-judgmental ear. And it's also open to believers who are questioning, struggling with, or letting go of their beliefs. As long as you don't offer prayers, proselytize for your religious beliefs, or tell other members that their dead loved ones are in a better place with the angels, you're welcome to join.
So why do atheists need this?
*
Thus begins my latest piece for AlterNet: Memo to Religious People: Many Atheists Don't Want to Hear That Their Loved Ones "Are in Heaven" -- New Group for Non-Believers Helps Atheists Grieve. To find out more about this grief support group for atheists -- including why we need it -- read the rest of the piece.
August 17, 2011 in Atheism
| Permalink
Comments
This latter point cannot be emphasized enough. There's an all-too-common assumption that "non-religious" means "not adhering to the tenets of a specific religious sect." If you aren't talking about Jesus, or Allah, or reincarnation -- if all you're talking about is non-specific ideas of some sort of higher power or some sort of afterlife -- that's typically seen to be "non-religious."
This is an important point and one that's not touched on enough.
Twelve Step groups and their fans are particularly bad about this. >.>
Posted by:
Azkyroth |
August 17, 2011 at 12:59 PM
So how about something for those of us who are Facebookphobic? Not really the right term, but close enough to describe my reluctance to be joining certain online social networking sites. I would prefer to have as little online presence as possible, so joining places like Facebook just to join another site (within that social network) leaves me cold.
Will there be a choice for us (me)?
Posted by:
Stephen |
August 18, 2011 at 08:58 AM
I grew up atheist, my parents were agnostic at best and openly areligious so the idea that when someone dies they continue and that should be comforting was not one I encountered in general, nor even at funerals until my mother died.
After the funeral, one of my aunt's friends tried to tell me something about how my mother was in a better place now and it was so odd, so contrary, and so silly that I didn't know how to respond.
I knew my mother's body was in an urn waiting to live on my father's mantle, I knew that her brain had ceased to function days earlier and that anything that could be cognizant of better or worse had ended with that, but most of all I knew that she had been to the same damn funeral that I attended.
The funeral where no one mentioned an afterlife, no one mentioned spirits, no one mentioned deities, and no one tried to gloss over the fact that someone who had been alive and interacting was now dead and just a memory.
Did I feel anger?
Pity.
Pity that she was living in a made up world where she could pretend to continuance, pity that she found insufficient comfort in the very real people who were around her, pity that she was so attached to the past that she couldn't join us in the present, pity that she didn't notice this, and I think mostly pity that she wouldn't be aware of how she changed her memory of her lost friends and family to suit her present needs.
Belief in afterlife is not a comfort to me, it angers me because of how it hobbles people, but the people who hold that belief I pity.
I know this is my privilege, I didn't have every other person trying to push belief at me as a shared ritual occlusion.
My sympathies to those of you who find that your views are the minority and afterlife the assumption.
Posted by:
Dhorvath |
August 18, 2011 at 09:43 AM
And the group grew and flourished far beyond her expectations.
...In part because it was promoted on this very blog, of course.
(This is not a criticism.)
Posted by:
Rieux |
August 18, 2011 at 09:58 AM
@Stephen
You could always join it under a pseudonym with a newly created email account.
My grandfather was similarly paranoid about having an identifiable online presence (also facebook and the government tracking his every move and reporting to roving Obaminators, but hey, to each his own) but still wanted to have a facebook page and that's what I set up for him.
Never used his real name or contact information once, and now he can keep up with family far away.
Posted by:
Doug Kirk |
August 18, 2011 at 10:27 AM
I find the assurances by theists that a loved one is somewhere "better" to be just more fishing for validation of their myth-based beliefs. Prating about heaven also means prating about hell (sorry universalists, don't buy it either) and as one of the folks in GC's article says, we know that's what they have to be thinking.
I also find nonsense like "they are in a better place" to be an attempt to invalidate grief said to anyone, atheist or theist.
Accept the grief and remember the person well, not some bogey man in the sky.
Posted by:
vel |
August 18, 2011 at 11:01 AM
@Doug, @Stephen: Theoretically, Facebook prohibits registration under a false name, and can kick you off their network for that. In all practicality, they have no good way of checking if your name is real or not since they don't have your credit card or anything, so you just need to make sure your pseudonym is fairly real-sounding.
Posted by:
DSimon |
August 18, 2011 at 01:44 PM
I decided a long time ago that funerals are for the living and I would be in no position to tell anybody how or when to grieve after I die. I told my kids that I have no expectations - if they want to have a service or memorial it's entirely up to them. I have recorded my own eulogy and they can use it or not as they see fit. That way, if anybody is offended, they can blame the dead guy.
Here is what I recorded (with proper attribution to the Digital Cuttlefish):
When we are dead, we’ll feed the worms
And other stuff that writhes and squirms
And if you cannot come to terms
With that—well, use your head!
There are no ifs nor ands nor buts:
Bacteria within our guts
Will start to eat us; that is what’s
In store, once we are dead.
Yes, life is short and full of toil,
And when we’ve shuffled off this coil
Our carcasses will start to spoil—
There’s nothing wrong with that.
Our share of fish or pigs or cows,
And all the chicken time allows,
Is done. It’s only fair that now’s
The worms’ turn to get fat.
Should we die young, or old and gray,
The laws of nature we’ll obey
And spend our heat in mere decay,
Replenishing the Earth;
“Three score and twelve” may be our years
For love and laughter, hope and fears
And then—mere smoke—life disappears;
No heaven, no rebirth.
And with no heaven up above
Nor hell we ought be frightened of
It’s best we fill our lives with love,
With learning, and with fun!
Don’t waste a lifetime while you wait
For halo, wings, and pearly gate—
This is your life, so get it straight:
You only get the one!
I’ll have no moment lost to prayer,
To cleanse my soul and thus prepare
For passage to… THERE’S NOTHING THERE!
Those moments, all, are wasted!
I’m only here a little time
Before it’s bugs and worms and slime;
I’ll eat and drink my life so I’m
Delicious when I’m tasted!
Posted by:
Blondin |
August 18, 2011 at 02:07 PM
DSimon: I'm aware of that, but what it boils down to is I detest their privacy policy (remember their entire fortune is made selling what they learn about their users to advertisers; that's the core of their business), so am unwilling to agree to it.
With two exceptions, plus businesses I exchange money with, I'm much more hardline: I don't use web sites that require registration in any form.
I contribute to Wikipedia but not OpenStreetMap.
I comment here but not on Pharyngula.
Occasionally I'll grab a user ID from BugMeNot, but I usually can't be bothered.
Posted by:
Eclectic |
August 18, 2011 at 02:08 PM
Vaguely related to this, I'm never sure what to say to a grieving religious person.
A relative of mine's wife has a fatal brain tumor; it's a matter of months at this point. I've never met the woman but I have met her husband, so I wanted to send a sympathy email. Problem is, EVERYONE else in the family is saying how she's in their prayers and to pray for her and stuff like that. I'm stuck awkwardly trying to communicate "this is terrible and I feel bad for you" to someone I know but am not close with, and I feel like I stick out like a sore thumb by deliberately avoiding the word "prayer". And then her husband bounces right back with "please keep her in your prayers".
There's some important social function that relgion is serving here that I haven't figured out a good substitute for yet.
Posted by:
Rootboy |
August 18, 2011 at 03:43 PM
Rootboy, regular human sympathy would be an excellent substitute, but the problem is as you point out: being secular under such circumstances sends its own weird message, and is often interpreted as hostility. There's no good reason for that, but that's the way things currently are. :-\
Posted by:
DSimon |
August 18, 2011 at 08:18 PM
I agree with the poster above about facebook. I too detest their stance on privacy issues and flat out refuse to be a part of the group (frequently at the expense of potential friendships with people I meet at college).
With that said, I would really like to be a part of this group. My grandmother passed recently and I've been really struggling with her death and thinking about deaths of future loved ones. Is there any chance of Ms. Hensler moving this to an actual webpage?
Posted by:
Victoria |
August 19, 2011 at 10:21 AM
Thank you for this Greta. (First time commenter here; I've been a reader since December). Very timely, as my grandfather died two days before you posted this article. My family is Catholic, and although the younger generations aren't that into it, my grandfather and his second wife were quite devout. It has been fairly alienating to sit through all these religous rites and listen to his wife insist, "He's with us, I know he's with us", and tell me he's in heaven helping me with my job search. Ugh. I suppose I'm luckier than many people who've commented here and on AlterNet, who are just surrounded my religious messages coming from everyone. Most people around us are just saying "sorry for your loss", and that isn't considered "weird".
I think that stuff would be easier to take if non-belief were more socially acceptable. In that case it would be easier to have that attitude mentioned in the article: being grateful for the intent behind the message, grateful that someone was at least attempting to comfort you. When you've received messages all your life that if you don't believe, there is something wrong with you, it's a lot harder. You feel like you have to smile and nod and pretend to agree, and if you don't agree you're lost and incomplete at best, and a force for evil at worst. It's terrible for a grieving person to feel this pressure to pretend, to cover up who they are, on top of everything else they're going through.
I got to serve as a pallbearer during the ceremony, and I was glad for that. I was afraid I'd be asked to read a Bible passage about heaven and Jeebus, which definitely would have felt dishonest and wrong. This way I got to be involved in a way that didn't require me to feel phony.
As for the Facebook group, I also second the idea of moving it to a webpage. In addition to the privacy concerns, I think this would be better done on a web-based forum or something.
Posted by:
Ashley |
August 19, 2011 at 02:28 PM
This is Rebecca Hensler, founder of Grief Beyond Belief.
First of all, Grief Beyond Belief's success owes a great deal to Greta and her blog.
Not just for her advice and for her work helping promote the site on other atheist blogs as well as on her own, but also for her willingness to be awoken in the morning by my pre-launch panic attack :-)
Secondly, Grief Beyond Belief will eventually expand to its own website.
However, creating and administrating a website will involve additional work, and until there is a functional team working on the project, rather than one individual, the FB page will have to be enough.
The current timeline is for a website to launch next summer.
(The paid summer break afforded public school educators is the only thing that made this project feasible in the first place.
Hooray for the teachers union.)
Thank you all for the kind comments and support.
Posted by:
Rebecca Hensler |
August 20, 2011 at 08:26 AM
Poor Greta,
Your understanding of progressive religious thought is still stunted by not understanding what its all about. It's OK for you to be an atheist. Stop feeling so guilty that you have to write, write, write about it. You seem not to understand that faith is not a function of mind, but of will. Thinking just doesn't do it.
Posted by:
JAY CARRIGAN |
September 03, 2011 at 09:16 AM
I am grateful that I have identified this blog. As a final point one thing not a crap, which we examine incredibly usually. The weblog is lovingly operated and updated. So it need to be, thank you for this welcome transform.
Posted by:
herve leger dresses |
March 29, 2012 at 04:45 AM
InterestingI layout on your blog. I really enjoyed reading it and also I will be back to read more in the future
Posted by:
Shootthegatso
|
September 07, 2012 at 11:35 PM
Strictly speaking, most “atheists” do not declare that God does not exist.
They declare that the existence of God is as probably as the one of Santa Claus, the fairies and other supernatural entities.
They are as sure as the non-existence of god as are of the non-existence of fairies.
Posted by:
Vancouver Web Design |
November 21, 2012 at 11:40 PM
The comments to this entry are closed.
Subscribe/ Donate to This Blog!
Books of mine
Greta on SSA Speakers Bureau
Greta Christina is on the Speakers Bureau of the Secular Students Alliance. Invite her to speak to your group!
Subscribe to this blog's feed
Your email address:Powered by FeedBlitz
Recent Posts
THIS BLOG HAS MOVED!
I'm on Twitter!
Puritan Pundits Should Chill Out -- Here Are 5 Reasons I'm Happy I've Had Lots of Casual Sex
The Switch to Freethought Blogs - Some Questions Answered
Grief Beyond Belief -- How Atheists Are Dealing With Death
I Need a Banner For My Freethought Blog!
The Karaoke Pledge Has Been Completed!
We Are Atheism - Greta's Video
Greta Interviewed on "Ask an Atheist" Podcast!
Memo to Religious People: Many Atheists Don't Want to Hear That Their Loved Ones "Are in Heaven" -- New Group for Non-Believers Helps Atheists Grieve
If You're Just Going To Read Five Things...
Atheists and Anger
The Armor of God, or, The Top One Reason Religion Is Harmful
The Top Ten Reasons I Don't Believe In God
Comforting Thoughts About Death That Have Nothing To Do With God
Are We Having Sex Now Or What?
FAQ
What is your comment policy?
What advice do you have for bloggers?
Why do you think writers should blog?
What advice do you have for writers trying to make a living?
What is this blog for -- and what isn't it for?
Some Favorite Posts and Conversations: Atheism
Atheists of Color - A List
High School Atheists Are Organizing -- Why Are Schools Pushing Back?
Why It's Not a "Safer Bet" to Believe In God, or, Why Pascal's Wager Sucks
Against Ecumenicalism: Why Atheists Don't Have to Show "Respect" for Religion
Can Atheists Do Anything Right?
How Dare You Atheists Exist?
The Atheist Seal of Approval
Lydia's Cancer, and Atheist Philosophies of Death
Can Atheism Be Proven Wrong?
Is Atheism A Belief?
Skepticism As a Discipline
Why Near Death Experiences Are a Terrible Argument for the Soul
Why Does God Play Hide and Seek?
What Would Convince This Atheist To Believe?
Do You Care Whether The Things You Believe Are True?
Why Did God Create Atheists?
Why Are You Still Catholic?
Why I'm Drawing Mohammad
Why "I Feel It In My Heart" Is a Terrible Argument for God
Why "The Universe Is Perfectly Fine-Tuned For Life" Is a Terrible Argument for God
Why "Life Has To Have Been Designed" Is a Terrible Argument for God
Why "Everything Has a Cause" is a Terrible Argument for God
Are Atheists Open-Minded?
Why I Am an Atheist Writer
An Open Letter to Concerned Believers
"But Everyone Else Does It!" Andrew Brown and the Defense of the Catholic Church Child Rape Scandal
Atheism and the Sweet Mystery of Life
Bearing Witness to Godlessness: David Bazan's "Curse Your Branches"
What Can the Atheist Movement Learn from the Gay Movement?
Atheists in Foxholes
How Atheists Can't Win
Part of the Show: Atheist Transcendence at the Edwardian Ball
Atheism, Death, and the Difference between Pessimism and Realism
Show Me the Money: Religion, Evidence, and the Parade of Excuses
Atheism and Diversity: Is It Wrong For Atheists To Persuade Believers?
Trekkie Religion and Secular Judaism: What If Religion Really Were Just a Metaphor?
The Armor of God, or, The Top One Reason Religion Is Harmful
"Their First Steps": Atheism and Patience, Round 2
Atheism, Openness, and Caring About Reality: Or, Why What We Don't Believe Matters
"You Can't Disprove Religion": Three Counter-Examples
When Anyone Is Watching: Metaphors and the Slipperiness of Religion
How Dare You Atheists Make Your Case, Round 2: Persuasion Equals Intolerance
"There Has To Be Something More": Atheism and Yearning
How Dare You Atheists Make Your Case! Or, The Fisking of Armstrong, 123
Race, Gender, and Atheism, Part 2: What We Need To Do -- And Why
Getting It Right Early: Why Atheists Need to Act Now on Gender and Race
Atheism and Patience
Tantric Orgasms and Sacred Sex: New Age Spirituality in the Sex Community
A Skeptic's View of Sexual Transcendence
Letting Go of God: Atheist Film Festival, Part 2
A Skeptic's View of Love
Is It Okay to Mock Religion?
What Does it Mean to Believe in Something?
Not Religious, But Spiritual
Religion and the Difference Between Possible and Plausible, or, Why You Shouldn't Jump Out of Windows
Eleven Myths and Truths About Atheists
Atheism and the Argument from Comfort
Atheism and the "Shut Up, That's Why" Arguments
The Big Guns: Greta Answers Some Theologians
How Can Atheists Be Good Allies?
How To Be An Ally with Atheists
Being an Atheist in the Queer Community
Atheist Meaning in a Small, Brief Life, Or, On Not Being a Size Queen
How Perfect Is the Universe, Anyway?
The Human Animal: An Atheist's View of People and Nature
A Safe Place to Land: Making Atheism Friendly for The Deconverting
What Does Science Have To Do With Atheism?
Faith as a Last Resort
What Convinced You? A Non-Belief Summary... and an Atheist Game Plan
Blind Men and Elephants: Religion, Science, and Understanding Big Complicated Things
God Is Magic
The Top Ten Reasons I Don't Believe In God
Atheism and Hope
In Defense of Atheist Blogging
The Problem of Unfishiness: Religion, Science, and Unanswered Questions
Why I Don't Believe in the Soul
"Evangelical" Atheism, Or, Is It Okay to Try to Change People's Minds?
Hypocrisy and the "Modern Theology" Argument
The Messed-Up Teachings of Jesus
"All This For Us?" The Arrogance of Human- Centered Faith
For No Good Reason: Atheist Transcendence at the Black and White Tour
Can You Prove It Didn't Happen? Progressive Religion and the Standards of Evidence
The Sameness of Imagination, The Astonishingness of Reality: Thoughts on Science and Religion
What Do You Want, Anyway? An Atheist's Mission Statement
"A Different Way of Knowing": The Uses of Irrationality... and its Limitations
Is Religious Faith Irrational?
What Would Convince You That You Were Wrong? The Difference Between Secular and Religious Faith
Onward Christian Soldiers: Theocracy and the U.S. Military
Going to Church
"Everything happens for a reason": Atheism and Learning from Mistakes
Atheism, Bad Luck, and the Comfort of Reason
The Blasphemy of Creationism
On The Amazingness of Atheists... And Why It's Doomed
The Not So Logical Conclusion: On the Morality of Atheists and Believers
The Meaning of Death, Part 3 of Many: Fear, Grief, and Actually Experiencing Your Emotions
What's the Harm in a Little Woo?
The 100% Solution: On Uncertainty, And Why It Doesn't Matter So Much
The Meaning of Death, Part 2 of Many: Motivation and Mid-Life Crises
True or False? Helpful or Harmful? The Two Different Arguments About Religion
Godless is the New Black: Is Atheism Just a Trend?
"A Relationship Between Physical Things": Yet Another Rant On What Consciousness And Selfhood Might Be
The Meaning of Death: Part One of Many
Atheists and Anger: A Reply to the Hurricane
Atheists and Anger
Why Religion Is Like Fanfic
Good Cop, Bad Cop: Atheist Activism
The Argument From Design Part Two: What Would We Do If We Didn't Exist? Plus Begging the Question, and What Is the River Trying To Do?
The Argument From Design -- Now With 40% More Cosmology! Or, Why David Hume Rocks
"Where is my Faith": Mother Teresa and Suffering
Does The Emperor Have Clothes? Religion and the Destructive Force of Asking Questions
A Self-Referential Game of Twister: What Religion Looks Like From the Outside
Eternal Fire: What Jesus Says in the Gospels About Hell
"Someone's looking out for me": God and the Minneapolis Bridge Collapse
Invisible Punishment: Hell as Social Control
The True Faith: Liberal and Conservative Christianity
"Give her an out": Prayer and Terminal Illness
The Problem of Suffering
Comforting Thoughts About Death That Have Nothing To Do With God
Dancing Molecules: An Atheist Moment of Transcendence
Professor Brainiacs and Smarty Pants Know-It-Alls: Popular Perceptions of Science and Scientists
The Slog Through the Swamp: What Science Is, And Why It Works, And Why I Care
A Lattice of Coincidence: Metaphysics, the Paranormal, and My Answer to Layne
How I Became an Atheist, Why I Became an Atheist
Defending the Blasphemy Challenge: A Reply
Atheist or Agnostic?
The Unexplained, the Unproven, and the Unlikely
Why Are We Here? One Agnostic's Half-Baked Philosophy
Some Favorite Posts and Conversations: Sex
"No Strings Attached": Sexual Convention in Transgression's Clothes
Running Along the Cliff: The Plateau Phase
When Porn Goes Bad: "Girls Gone Wild"
On Intimacy
Harder
A Cornucopia of Climaxes
Porn, Social Criticism, and the Marginalization of Kink
Why Porn Matters
Old and Improved: Long-Term Sex and the Myth of the Slow Decline
On Trying New Things... And Re-Trying Old Ones
Mis-Matched Libidos: Can Mixed Marriages Ever Work?
After You, My Dear Alphonse
Some Evolving Thoughts About Weight and Sex
Sex Writers, Drooling Horndogs, and the Suspectability of Male Sexuality
Sex and the Off-Label Use of Our Bodies
Porn, Relationships, and What It's Reasonable to Ask For
Can Watching Porn Be Cheating?
All Boy-Boy Action
Tears
The Learned Fetish
The Plausible Fantasy
On the Ubiquity of Shaving
Sexual Optimism and a Changing World
Trying Anything Twice
"My Four-Year-Old Is…": Parents, Kids, And Sex-Positivity
My Vision for a Sexual World
Tantric Orgasms and Sacred Sex: New Age Spirituality in the Sex Community
Abstinence, Birth Control, And The Difference Between Theory And Practice
My Partner Cheated On Me With Their Right Hand
A Skeptic's View of Sexual Transcendence
Sex, Spontaneity, and the "Swept Away" Myth
What Does It Mean to Want Sex?
My Very First Orgy, and What I Learned There
Is All Porn the Same?
Good In Bed
What Women Want, and the Myth of the Psychic Lesbians
Blinded With Science: Sex, Sexology, and What Women Really Want
Sex -- The Great Exception
Offended
Sex, Moods, and a Wife's Selfless Duty: And We Are in What Century Again?
Sex, Relationships, and the Hazards of Default Decisions
First Time's a Charm
Sex, and the Difference between Jaded and Relaxed
Against Simultaneity
The Eroticism of Exercise
Tee Hee, You Said "Bonk": A Book Review
Is Cheating Ever Okay?
"Does (X) Count?" What Sex Is, And Why The Question Matters
Jealousy, Friendship, And Bisexual Chopped Liver
Sexual Perspective, Or, How Can You Eat That?
The Texas Dildo Massacre, Or, Reason Number 2,767 Why Gay Rights Matter To Everyone
Buying Obedience
Born or Learned? Sexuality, Science, and Party Lines
Fuck Anything That Flies: Bisexuality, Fruit Flies, And The Causes Of Sexual Orientation
Lesbian Sex With Men
Sex, Lies, and Contraception: The Male Pill
On Punishment, and the Lack Thereof
Are You A Sex Addict?
True Love Waits... And The Rest Of Us Get On With Our Sex Lives
All I Really Need To Know I Learned From Porn -- Or Not
Which Side Are You On? Pro-Porn and Anti-Porn Arguments
Only Losers Dine At Le Cirque: The Stigma on Sex Work Customers
Right Wing Hypocrisy, or Why Sex Guilt Fucks Things Up For Everyone
Christian Spanking Porn
View from the Fourteenth Floor: A Dirty Story
Ticky-Tacky, or Why Most Mainstream Het Porn Bores The Pants On To Me
"A price I was willing to pay": Hard Porn, Sex Work, and Consent
Lost Girls: A Review
This Week: A Dirty Story
A Sex Writer's Defense of Visual Porn
Broccoli or Tofu? Sexual Differences in Relationships
Children Become Adults -- Stop the Presses!
Please Think of the Children: Sex Offender Hysteria
The Aging Slut
Are We Having Sex Now or What?
Going Wild: A Feminist's Defense of the "Girls Gone Wild" Girls
Oral Arguments: A Dyke's Defense of Blowjobs
If You Believe in Bisexuals, Clap Your Hands: My Letter to Dan Savage
Some Favorite Posts: Art, Politics, Other Stuff
Fred Phelps, and Why We Shouldn't Look for Loopholes in the First Amendment
The Times I Miss Rob
The Kids Are All Right
Why Is It Hard To Lose Weight?
Howl: Everything Has Changed
Caught Between Fat and Thin: When a Fat Acceptance Advocate Takes Off the Pounds
Happily Single, Happily Married
The Fat Positive Feminist Skeptical Diet, Phase 2, Part 2: How Do You Know When Enough Is Enough?
The Fat Positive Feminist Skeptical Diet, Phase 2: Switching from Loss to Maintenance
The Vows
Sex in the City, But Lost in the Desert: Sex and the City 2
Why Get Married?
Bad Boys and "Mad Men": What Do Women Want?
How Sexism Hurts Men, Part 2: Why Do I Care?
How Sexism Hurts Men: "Undateable"
Five More Stupid, Unfair and Sexist Things Expected of Men
Five Stupid, Unfair and Sexist Things Expected of Men
Why Liberal Values Really Are Better
On Being Age-Appropriate
Secular Buddhism, and the Difference Between Attachment and Engagement
The Fat-Positive Feminist Skeptical Diet, Part 3: The Actual Diet
Weight Loss and Strange Emotional Stuff: The Fat-Positive Feminist Skeptical Diet, Part 2
The Fat-Positive Feminist Skeptical Diet: An Update (Part 1)
No Excuses: Why Calling Congress Isn't A Waste Of Time, Part 2
Decisions Are Made By Those Who Show Up: Why Calling Congress Isn't A Waste Of Time
An Open Letter to the Fat-Positive Movement
The Fat-Positive Skeptic (Part 2 of 2)
The Fat-Positive Diet
A Hedonistic View of Physical Health
"I'm Confused": Dance Homophobia, Gender Rigidity, and "So You Think You Can Dance"
The Prop 8 Ruling: Discrimination as a Constitutional Principle
Land of the Lotus Eaters
Against Nostalgia, or, I'm In Love with the Modern World: On Not Being a Crank, Part 2
In Praise of Taxes
Trying To Get People To Think
Home Carbonation, and Contrary Human Nature
Conspiracies and Unshakeable Faith: What Would Convince You That You Were Wrong? Part 2
A Patchwork of Income: Making a Living as an Artist
On Not Being a Crank
A Parade of Weird Little Worlds: Why I Like The Olympics
Living Each Day As If It Were Your Last
Who Marriage is For: A Tale of Two Weddings
Anonymity, Manners, and the Weakness and Power of the Internet
"Ya Gotta Reach For Your Dreams": An Optimistic Realist Perspective
I Do -- And Why
The Amazing Mechanical Leftie: Reflexive Thinking in Alt Culture
Loading The Dice: Bisexuality And Choice
What's Your Story?
The Harm Reduction Model of Life
My Trip to the Circus: Albert Hofmann and LSD
Memories of a Good Science Education... and Worries About Bad Ones
Blood and Suffering: A Seriously Pissed-Off Rant About Alternative Medicine
Airborne, and Medicine, and Why Skepticism of X Shouldn't Equal Faith in Y
On Illness, Bodies, and This Weird Free Will Thing
"Strive to keep the door open": An Interview with "Mistakes Were Made" Co-Author Carol Tavris
Defensiveness, Rationalization, Mulishness... What Does That Have To Do With Religion? Mistakes Were Made, Part 2
Mistakes Were Made (But Not By Me): Why We Justify Foolish Beliefs, Bad Decisions, and Hurtful Acts -- A Review
Is Altruism Real?
It Isn't Like That
A Reality Show About Art: Project Runway
Oscarology: The Readings
Untested by Definition: A Rant on Alternative Medicine
Free Speech for Evil, Hateful, Repulsive Nutjobs? You Betcha!
Short Memories: AIDS Denialism and Vaccine Resistance
How Gay Marriage Is Destroying Normal Marriage -- No, Really
A Losing Battle: Is Weight Loss Counter-Productive?
The Galileo Fallacy, and the Gadfly Corollary
Literally
Professionalism = Selling Your Soul: A Feminist Rant on "The Devil Wears Prada"
One In Seven: Why Civil Unions Aren't Enough
What This Blog Is -- And What It Isn't: A Reply
Getting Older Means Never Having To Care About What's Cool
Joined At the Brainstem: Relationships and Privacy
Hate Crime Laws, and the Difference Between Speech and Evidence
The Martians Explain Consciousness
Ninth and Bryant Parking Garage: A Review
Brain, Brain, What Is Brain? or, Is Gender Hard-Wired?
The Death of the Novel?
Hurricane Katrina, and What Government Is For
Why I Like "Harry Potter" Better than "Lord of the Rings"
Art diary, 4/18/06: LACMA, MOCA, and Why All Art Would Be Improved by Snarling Bears
A Typepad Featured Blog!