https://gretachristina.typepad.com/greta_christinas_weblog/2011/03/fred-phelps-loopholes-in-first-amendment.html
Greta Christina's Blog
Sex, atheism, politics, dreams, and whatever. Thinking out loud since 2005.
About
Recent Comments
Nicolas Argueta on How Gay Marriage Is Destroying Normal Marriage -- No, Really
Cristero on Atheists and Anger
Plumber  on Porn Cliches, Or, On Not Seducing the Plumber: The Blowfish Blog
John Harman on Why Are You Still Catholic?
Michael price on Atheism in Pop Culture: "Old Time Religion"
carpet cleaning services in melbourne on "Evolved This Way": My Atheist Evolution-Themed Lady Gaga "Born This Way" Song Parody
Allen Carlos on Caught Between Fat and Thin: When a Fat Acceptance Advocate Takes Off the Pounds
Allen Carlos on The Fat-Positive Feminist Skeptical Diet: An Update
Allen Carlos on Why Is It Hard To Lose Weight?
MyWorldIsOpen Blog on Atheists of Color - A List
Categories
Art
Atheism
Atheist Memes of the Day
Blog Carnivals
Books and Language
Cats
Current Affairs
Dreams
Feminism
Film
Food and Drink
Music
Philosophy/ Life
Politics
Porn
Queer/Bi
Religion
Science
Sex
Skepticism
SM
Sports
Television
Things I Like
Travel
Weight Management
Writing news
See More
Archives
September 2011
August 2011
July 2011
June 2011
May 2011
April 2011
March 2011
February 2011
January 2011
December 2010
More...
The Out Campaign
Atheist Blogroll
Atheists of Color/ Female Atheists
Atheists of Color - A List
A large list of awesome female atheists
Some blogs (and websites) I like
Advanced Style
Alison Bechdel: Dykes To Watch Out For
AlterNet
An Apostate’s Chapel
Angry Black Woman, The
Anti-Intellect Blog, The
Bilerico Project, The
Black Skeptics Group
Black Woman Thinks...
BlackFemLens
Blag Hag
Butterflies and Wheels
Cute Overload
Cutting Through The Crap
Daylight Atheism
Digital Cuttlefish, The
Dispatches from the Culture Wars
Ebon Musings
Eros Blog
EvolutionBlog
Feministing
Fishnet
Food Politics (Marion Nestle)
Freethought Blogs
Friendly Atheist
Gay Persons of Color
Godless and Black
Jesus and Mo
John Corvino
Koreanish
Letters from a Broad
Making Light: Patrick & Teresa Nielsen Hayden
Mr. Deity
My Plastic-free Life
No Religion Know Reason (Caribatheist)
Obesity Panacea
PageOneQ
Pam's House Blend
Pandaemonium (Keenan Malik)
Pandagon
Pharyngula
PodBlack Cat
Rachel Kramer Bussel: Lusty Lady
Raw Story
Respectful Insolence
Sexual Intelligence: Dr. Marty Klein
Skepchick
Skeptic's Annotated Bible/ Koran/ Book of Mormon
Skeptic's Dictionary
Skeptico
Spanish Inquisitor
Spanking Blog
SpankingTube
Susie Bright's Journal
Uncredible Hallq, The
Violet Blue: Tiny Nibbles
Weighty Matters
Why Evolution is True: Dr. Jerry Coyne
WWJTD (What Would JT Do?)
Blog powered by Typepad
Member since 05/2005
Photo Albums
Atheist Motivational Posters
GretaPhotos
« Closeted Politicians and Bi Invisibility |
Main
| "Spreading the Good News About Atheism": Why We Need Atheist Ad Campaigns »
Fred Phelps, and Why We Shouldn't Look for Loopholes in the First Amendment
This piece was originally published on AlterNet.
Let's start with something I hope we all agree on. What Fred Phelps and the Westboro Baptist Church do? It's repulsive. Picketing people's funerals? Specifically, picketing the funerals of gay-bashing victims and U.S. soldiers? Going to people's funerals and essentially celebrating? Wielding big colorful signs saying, "God Hates Fags," "Thank God for Dead Soldiers," "Thank God for 9/11," "God Hates You," and so on? Saying that dead soldiers -- gay, straight, whatever, doesn't matter -- are God's punishment to America for tolerating homosexuality?
Repulsive. Horrifying. The dictionary definition of evil. I get that. No argument.
The question is: What should we do about it?
As you've probably heard, the Supreme Court just ruled that the Westboro Baptist Church does have the right, within some reasonable limits, to picket at funerals. Background, in case you're not familiar with the case: The Westboro Baptist Church was sued by Albert Snyder, father of fallen Marine Lance Cpl. Matthew A. Snyder, for picketing at his son's funeral with their vile and hateful message. The court ruled that, since the protests happened peacefully and in a public space at a non-disruptive distance from the funeral -- and since, quote, "speech on public issues occupies the highest rung of the hierarchy of First Amendment values and is entitled to special protection" -- the original judgment against them could not stand.
Many progressives have expressed outrage at this ruling. And from an emotional point of view, that outrage is totally understandable. The Westboro Baptist Church is very, very good at hitting our most raw nerves. They hurt people for the sake of hurting them, and apparently take glee in doing so. They violate fundamental principles of human decency. They are loathsome. Outrage against them is entirely reasonable.
But here's the problem.
Many of the progressive arguments against the Supreme Court ruling? They're very contorted. They don't look like clear thinking based on clear principles of Constitutional law. They look like rationalizations for why the Constitution doesn't really have to apply in this case. They look like the reactions of people who are deeply upset about what the Westboro Baptist Church does -- as indeed they should be -- and are looking for legal loopholes to try to stop them.
And we should not be looking for loopholes in the First Amendment.
I want to get into some specific arguments progressives are making against this decision... and why, specifically, they don't hold up. But before I go there, I need to make this core principle very, very clear:
We should not. Be looking. For loopholes. In the freaking First Amendment. The First Amendment, and the right to the free expression of political ideas, is one of most crucial cornerstones of our democracy. Without it, democracy collapses. Without the freedom to express political opinions, we can't participate fully in the political process. Without the freedom to hear political opinions, we can't make informed decisions about what we think. And without the freedom to hear and express opinions that dissent from the mainstream, there is no way that mainstream opinion can change. The right to free speech is an essential part of democracy. And it is, in and of itself, a basic human right, a value that is worth treasuring and protecting for its own sake.
So our default assumption should always, always, always be that speech should be free, unless there is a tremendously compelling reason to limit it.
And this principle especially applies to political speech: expression of opinion on matters of public concern, in a public place, that doesn't disrupt any private activities. Which is exactly what the Westboro Baptist Church was up to. They were in a public place. They were not violent; they were not disruptive; they were not invasive. Yes, they picketed a funeral. They picketed a funeral from 1,000 feet away -- so far away that the plaintiff didn't even know they were there until he heard about it on the news the next day. As repugnant as it was, what the Westboro Baptist Church did in this case was political speech. The only thing that made it different from any other political speech was the hateful, vile, abhorrent content.
And when we're considering questions of free speech and the First Amendment, the content of the speech, and whether or not we find it hateful and vile and abhorrent, is entirely irrelevant.
Are there some reasonable limitations on speech? Of course. Some classic examples: laws against libel, fraud, false advertising, copyright violation, revealing state secrets. I'm sure we can all come up with some more.
But if we care about freedom and democracy as much as we claim to, then our default assumption should be that speech is permitted. We should not be looking for excuses to ban speech we don't like. We should not start with the conclusion that the ghoulish expression of disgusting political opinions should be banned, and then go hunting for legal loopholes that will let us accomplish that. We should start with the assumption that the expression of political opinions should of course be permitted... and treat any attempt to limit it with extreme suspicion, and the expectation that it better have a damn good reason behind it.
We should not be looking for loopholes in the First Amendment.
And that's exactly what progressive objections to the SCOTUS decision look like. They don't look like sound reasoning based on solid legal and ethical principles. They look like rationalizations for an emotional reaction. They look like contorted excuses for why, in this particular case, we don't really need to care about the First Amendment.
Here are a few examples of what I mean.
"Funerals are private affairs -- and people have a right to not have their private affairs disrupted and invaded."
Right. That's a reasonable argument. Or it would be... if the WBC had been disruptive and invasive of the funeral in question.
But they weren't. Like I said before -- like I keep saying again and again when I discuss this case, since so many people seem to be doggedly ignoring it -- in the particular case considered by the Supreme Court, the WBC was so non-disruptive and non-invasive of the funeral that the plaintiff didn't even know they were there until the next day. The emotional upset wasn't brought on by the funeral being protested. It was brought on simply by hearing about it on the news the next day, and knowing that the protests had happened at all. If the protests had happened in the next street, or the next town, or the next state, the effect would have been the same.
So how would you propose to write a law banning this? Should we write a law saying that nobody is ever allowed to express political protest on the occasion of someone's death? When Nelson Rockefeller died, the lefty radio station in New York played "Ding, Dong, The Witch Is Dead." When Spiro Agnew died, I saw op ed pieces in newspapers basically saying, "Good riddance to bad rubbish." When Richard Nixon died, Hunter S. Thompson wrote a piece excoriating him, calling him (among other things) "scum," an "evil bastard," " a cheap crook and a merciless war criminal," and "a political monster straight out of Grendel," and expressing the wish that his body be burned in a trash bin or launched into an open- sewage canal. Tasteless? Yes. I, personally, would not do that (although I do have a sneaking admiration for the uniquely articulate vitriol of the Thompson piece). But were these legitimate forms of political speech on matters of public concern? Absolutely.
And as long as the pickets didn't actually disrupt the funeral while it was in progress, I don't see how the WBC protests are any different.
Except for the content of the speech.
Which is exactly what we can't write laws limiting.
And this argument looks exactly like an attempt to write laws limiting speech, simply because we don't like the content -- and to rationalize after the fact why that would be okay. "Yes, free speech is important -- but there are limits. You can't yell fire in a crowded theater. Your right to swing your fist ends where my nose begins. Etc."
Right. There are limits to free speech.
Why should this be one of them?
Again -- free speech is one of the most basic and crucial cornerstones of democracy and freedom. Free political speech especially. We should not be thinking, "Why does this form of speech deserve protection?" We should be thinking, "Why is this form of speech under attack?" Our default should be that speech should always be permitted -- unless there's a powerfully compelling reason to restrict it.
And "We find the content of this speech revolting" does not qualify. In fact, the exact opposite is true. The whole freaking point of the First Amendment is the protection of unpopular speech. It wasn't written to protect our right to say that puppies are cute and apple pie is delicious. It was written to protect our right to say things that make people flee in horror... from "God Hates Fags" to "Gay Is Good," from "Stop the War" to "Bomb Them Into The Stone Age," from "God Wants Our Soldiers To Die" to "God Does Not Exist."
It's true that our rights are limited when our actions impinge on others; that our right to swing our fist ends where someone else's nose begins. But when it comes to free speech, we have to ask, "What constitutes a broken nose"? In the case of laws against fraud, libel, copyright violation, etc., the damage from the speech is clear, and it's material. But in the case of this funeral protest? The damage was, "Hearing opinions that were profoundly upsetting."
And that is exactly what we don't have the right to be protected from. We don't have the right to be protected from hearing ideas we find upsetting. The expression of opinions we find upsetting -- opinions on public matters, expressed in a public place, in a manner that does not invade private space -- is exactly what the First Amendment was written to defend.
You can't just say, "There are some reasonable limits on free speech -- therefore, this particular limit on free speech should be considered reasonable." Again, the burden of proof should be on the people trying to ban the speech -- not on the people speaking it. Our default assumption should not be that limiting speech is reasonable. Our default assumption should be that limiting speech is a bad, bad idea, and should only be done in rare cases, where material harm is being done, as an absolute last resort.
So if you're going to argue that a particular form of speech should be limited, you have to make a compelling, positive argument as to why this form of speech does material harm. And it can't have anything to do with whether the content of the speech is objectionable, or upsetting, or utterly reprehensible.
And this argument looks exactly like an attempt to write laws limiting speech, simply because we don't like the content -- and to rationalize after the fact why that would be okay. "This violates fundamental rules of human decency."
Yup. It sure does.
So what? "Pink Flamingos" violates fundamental rules of human decency. "I Spit On Your Grave" violates fundamental rules of human decency. Anti-abortion marches with signs showing aborted fetuses violate fundamental rules of human decency. Cartoons comparing Barack Obama to a monkey violate fundamental rules of human decency. "Robot Chicken" violates fundamental rules of human decency. "South Park" violates fundamental rules of human decency. Hell, Celine Dion violates fundamental rules of human decency.
So what? It's still protected speech.
Basically, what people are saying here is, "They're rude." Okay, granted, that's trivializing the matter. What people are saying is, "They're really, really rude. They are truly, horribly, appallingly rude. They are offensive beyond our powers to describe."
Yup. They sure are.
And we don't write bad manners into law.
When people exhibit bad manners, we scowl at them. We turn our noses up at them. We tell them they're being rude. We speak out against them. In extreme cases, we shun them from polite society, or organize protests against them, or try to get them fired from their jobs.
But trying to write bad manners into law? That's a textbook definition of an attempt to write laws limiting speech, simply because we don't like the content -- and to rationalize after the fact why that would be okay. "This isn't protected speech. This is harassment/ bullying/ incitement to violence/a violation of privacy/ a hate crime."
Uh... no.
Once again, if you're making any of these arguments, you really need to look at the facts of this case. (The New York Times has a decent summary and a link to a PDF with the full SCOTUS ruling.) The WBC did not follow people down the street screaming threats. They didn't stand around a fistfight shouting, "Kill him!" They didn't beat someone with a crowbar yelling, "Die, faggot!" They didn't even scream in the mourners' faces. Again -- for what seems like the bezillionth time in all the conversations I've had on this topic -- the funeral protests in this case were quiet, non-violent, compliant with local laws and police instructions, restricted to public property, and so non-invasive that the plaintiff didn't even know they were there until he heard about it on the news the next day. If the funeral was not disrupted, it's not an invasion of privacy. If no crime was committed apart from the disputed speech itself, it's not a hate crime. If imminent lawless acts weren't specifically being encouraged, it's not incitement to violence. And it is bloody well not harassment or bullying if you have to hear about the horrible things someone said about you on the news the next day.
I'm sorry if I seem harsh. I get that this case is upsetting, and I really am trying to be sympathetic.
But these arguments disturb me. These arguments show a serious lack of familiarity with even the most basic facts of this case: an unfamiliarity that reveals an unsettling lack of concern about the case, and the genuinely important legal and ethical issues connected with it. These arguments look like attempts to ignore the facts, or even distort them, because they contradict the desired conclusion -- the conclusion that the WBC shouldn't be allowed to do what they do. They look exactly like attempts to write laws limiting speech, simply because we don't like the content -- and to rationalize after the fact why that would be okay.
Why on Earth do progressives want to do that?
*
Look. I, myself, am queer. I'm one of the people the WBC is specifically targeting with their venom. I'm one of the people they specifically think God hates; one of the people they think is on the straight track to hell, cheerfully dragging the rest of the country down with me. And I am every bit as revolted by Fred Phelps and the Westboro Baptist Church as anyone. What they do is monstrous, and I stand against them with every fiber of my being. And there are many, many things we can do to stand against them. We can organize counter-protests. Organize same-sex kiss-ins at their protests. Support gay-positive education and the spreading of gay-positive ideas in the culture. Work against the bullying of gay kids in schools. Wear T-shirts that say, "Fags Hate God." Keep a vigilant eye on them, and if they do break any laws, smack them down like dogs. Make fun of them. Ignore them, on the theory that they thrive on attention and we ought not to give it to them. Speak out against homophobia whenever and wherever we see it. Make sure they not only lose the battle of history, but look like villains and fools doing it.
There are many things we can do to stand against them. But banning their speech is not one of them.
As a purely practical matter, this Supreme Court decision is one that progressives should be embracing. There is no way to make the WBC's speech illegal without making all unpopular speech illegal. And that includes unpopular progressive speech. There is no way to ban the WBC's non-invasive picketing of dead soldier's funerals without also banning feminists burning bras, or anti-war protesters re-enacting Abu Ghraib, or AIDS activists lying on the sidewalks spattered in fake blood. And of course, many opinions that were once considered horrifying on the face of it are now considered mainstream, or at least a reasonable perspective in the public discourse. Among those opinions: Birth control should be legal. Religion should not be taught in public schools. Gay sex is okay, and gay people have rights. Black people are fully human, and ought not to be treated as property. Black people are fully human, and have the right to marry white people. Oral sex is not sick. Workers have the right to organize and collectively bargain for contracts. Poets have the right to say the word "Fuck." Women have the right to have orgasms. Women have the right to not be raped by their husbands. Women have the right to vote. All these opinions were once considered morally repugnant... and as a society, we couldn't have come to accept them if we hadn't had the right to say them out loud.
I'm not saying that the WBC's opinions are becoming mainstream, or that they should. Their opinions are vile: they are on the fringe of the fringe of the fringe, and they should stay that way. I'm saying that, as a society, we can't move forward and accept new ideas if we don't let people express ideas that we find shocking and upsetting. And I'm saying that, as a purely practical matter, if we want the right to express our opinions when most people find them revolting, we need to protect other peoples right to express their own revolting opinions.
But that's almost beside the point. We shouldn't embrace the SCOTUS decision because it works to our benefit and lets us persuade people that we're right. We should embrace the SCOTUS decision because we care about free speech. Period. Even when we don't agree with what people say, we should care passionately about their right to say it. Not so we can have our turn to say what we want. Because we give a damn about the principle that people have the right to say what they want. And that means everyone. Regardless of what they're saying. If we truly care about freedom and democracy, we shouldn't treat the First Amendment like a local zoning law or some arcane bit of tax code. The First Amendment is one of the greatest leaps forward in human history and the evolution of human ethics. We shouldn't be looking for clever, sneaky ways to get around it.
There are many things we can do, and should do, to stand against Fred Phelps and the Westboro Baptist Church.
Looking for loopholes in the First Amendment is not one of them.
March 28, 2011 in Current Affairs, Politics
| Permalink
Comments
Personally I kind of admire Fred Phelps.
Posted by:
solomon |
March 28, 2011 at 02:51 AM
And solomon, you should know that I have a policy against both trolling and comment hogging. Both of which you are becoming guilty of in a very short time. Please read my comment policy before commenting further in my blog. Trolling for fights, or excessive comments in a short time in multiple threads, will result in you being banned from this blog. I accept and even welcome sincere dissent and debate here, but will not permit my blog to be hijacked. Thank you.
Posted by:
Greta Christina |
March 28, 2011 at 03:15 AM
The frustrating part about the Phelpsies is their use of that very First Amendment to get around the spirit of its intent. I agree that their activities are, and should remain, protected...
...however, I feel, too, that the court can and should order a ruling putting a cap on how many people, cities, towns, counties, organizations, etc that the WBC can take to court, and put a ceiling to the monetary settlements allowed to their organization (at tax-payer expense, particularly since -as a 'church', they are tax exempt). Cut off how they gain most of their funding, watch them disappear into obscurity where they belong.
Posted by:
Denise |
March 28, 2011 at 06:13 AM
Noted.
Posted by:
solomon |
March 28, 2011 at 08:33 AM
Very well said! I as a gay man thought the same thing, if this is not constitutional, what will they take from me next. Terry
Posted by:
Terry |
March 28, 2011 at 09:30 AM
What would happen to a colony of gay lions.Their decendants will perish.What a waste way to live.
Posted by:
solomon |
March 28, 2011 at 09:57 AM
"We should not be looking for loopholes in the First Amendment."
We don't have to look very far, loopholes have existed for quite a long while.
Some for trivial reasons, like protecting children from the sight of a naked breast, or hearing a four-letter word on television. I am not sure if you mean to imply that time and place restrictions would not be reasonable to apply to political demonstrations so as not to be disruptive to funeral services, but the Supreme Court seemed to hint that such restrictions would be constitutional.
I also think that, in fact, it may well be time to look for or create new loopholes in the First Amendment. Considering that corporate monies injected into the political election system (for the purposes of, let's be frank, corruption) are now considered protected political speech, it is high time that we create a new loophole to debar such practices, not embrace them as another valuable voice in the protected marketplace of ideas. Could we agree that there is a "compelling, positive argument" that corporate political spending does "material harm" and should not be protected?
I am also not sure if free speech absolutism ( maximalization?) is necessarily the only ethical and pragmatic approach.
Germany, for example, seems not to have slid into the sea because of its adoption of carefully-specified restrictions on public Holocaust denial and explicit antisemitism. Most European countries have had content-specific laws proscribing certain categories of speech for decades now, and while some excesses have occurred (and generally were corrected), over all, most Europeans seem to appreciate the positive effect on society of these speech codes, defend them pretty vigorously on web forums, and do not appear to have any plans to change them.
Posted by:
Gingerbaker |
March 28, 2011 at 11:27 AM
I don't want to jump on the troll bait, but I'm making solomon's gay lions comment my facebook status today.
As far as the first amendment, I just want to add a "here here!."
you've said so much more eloquently what I was trying to explain to people about the ruling.
Posted by:
Doug |
March 28, 2011 at 11:32 AM
Noted.
Noted... and yet somehow ignored, as evinced by the five troll-y comments within two hours. Solomon has now been put on the Blocked list. Bye.
Posted by:
Greta Christina |
March 28, 2011 at 12:26 PM
Germany, for example, seems not to have slid into the sea because of its adoption of carefully-specified restrictions on public Holocaust denial and explicit antisemitism.
And I think they are wrong to do so.
I'm not a First Amendment absolutist; as I pointed out in this piece, there are limits on speech that are reasonable, such as libel laws, copyright laws, false advertising laws, etc. (I do, in fact, support limits on corporate speech and political donations: mostly based on the principle that corporations are not, in fact, human beings with all the rights of human beings, and that the SCOTUS ruling declaring them to be human beings was among the greatest travesties in the history of that institution). And I think a good case could certainly be made for placing some restrictions on picketing funerals: staying a certain distance away, for instance, so the funeral isn't disrupted. But again, that's exactly what the WBC did in this case. They stayed a good distance away; they didn't disrupt the funeral.
Again, while I think there are some reasonable limits on free speech, I think that we should not be saying, "There are some reasonable limits on speech -- therefore, this limit is reasonable." I think that our default should be that speech should be permitted unless we have a powerfully compelling reason to restrict or ban it. And "This guy is an evil jackass and the things he says are revolting" is not a powerfully compelling reason.
Posted by:
Greta Christina |
March 28, 2011 at 12:38 PM
I don't know.
I think the Phelpses are useful.
They're like a modern KKK without any of the attributes that cause people to sympathize with them.
I don't know why people don't use them when homophobic blowhards show up to make a stink.
Stick them between having defend their views, while distancing themselves from the Phelps clan.
They're like cartoon villains, except they're real.
Posted by:
ckitching |
March 28, 2011 at 03:43 PM
The WBC is a litigation industry.
They are mostly Phelps family members and many of them are lawyers.
They are not trying to convert anyone.
They are trying to provoke other people into attacking them or violating their rights.
When that happens they sue the poor, provoked fool and win hundreds of thousands of dollars.
Wash, rinse, repeat.
Make fun of them.
Ignore them.
But don't bother getting angry at them - the people they are 'protesting' against are not their real targets.
You, and your liability insurer, are.
Posted by:
Wossname |
March 28, 2011 at 04:04 PM
m tryng t brng t trth, yt m lbld trll. D thsts llwys fr t hr th trth?
Posted by:
solomon |
March 28, 2011 at 06:34 PM
Wow. That is my gut reaction. 9th grade was my first interaction with the WBC. It really confused me to what I should think of myself as the written word said one thing and my hormones said another. It created a large pain in my mind that took me many years to get over. I am today 30 and an openly gay man to anyone who may have a question or conversation they may want to have with me on the topic of sexuality. The freedom of speech does need to be protected. The shock value someone says to another may hurt but in the long term it should help us become a stronger and wiser person.
Posted by:
Timsteinlage |
March 28, 2011 at 10:20 PM
I absolutely agree with you, Greta. As much as I abhor WBC and what they're doing, it's their right to do it.
What I will say is that what they're doing isn't necessarily a political or religious thing. I believe they are doing it to make money. It's all a scam. They follow the law to a "t", looking for someone to challenge them. Then they take the person(s) to court, hoping to get a monetary settlement. They are a family of lawyers, so they don't have to go looking for a lawyer to take on their case. Once they get a ruling that forces their opposition to pay legal fees or they get a monetary settlement, they've won. That's why they are using the most disgusting things they can, to elicit an emotional response. They're hoping WE will break the law, while they abide by it.
I just hope that they eventually do something to break the law, and get shut down. I'm hoping that some idiot who agrees with them, will show up at one of their protests, and do something stupid, and get the entire WBC shut down.
Posted by:
Shelli |
March 29, 2011 at 04:45 AM
Unfortunately the U.S. is full of people that make the First Amendment look like a bad idea.
Even so, we need to protect their right to make it look that way no matter how repugnant we find the things being said. The lens of our individual, unique experiences determines how we see the world around us.
We tend to gravitate toward others that share similar experiences, hold similar views because that is where we are most comfortable and secure.
The fact that other individuals and groups see things differently than our group does may shock, irritate, or sicken us, but the reverse may also be true.
We can't run around banning every bit of speech that makes the First Amendment look like a bad idea just because it makes us uncomfortable -- if we do, what happens to our thoughts and ideas when we find ourselves holding the minority opinion? The First Amendment is about freedom of (or from) religion, freedom of being able to say what we think, the right to peaceably assemble and express those ideas, and the ability for the press to report/discuss/ignore all of the above and if we feel trampled upon by our government in the process we can petition to have the wrongs righted.
These people are vile and disgusting, but we have to allow them to make fools of themselves so that we can be afforded the same opportunity.
Posted by:
Alex |
March 29, 2011 at 05:31 AM
We encountered the Westboro Picket phenomenon at my college in February and I wrote up a four part series of posts about the experience.
(http://walkingthelabyrinth-cameron.blogspot.com/2011/02/counter-protest-part-one.html
I have also linked this particular blog post of yours with our FB group "Survivor Here" which is a group that formed to be a support and activist group for survivors of any and everything, from rape to GLBT bashing to sharing hope and strength and letters and petitions and any other kinds of activism. Your words touch profoundly on what we do - the same freedom that gives Westboro the right to their activism, gives us the right to our activism. Pure and simple. Thank you very, very much.
Posted by:
Cameron |
March 29, 2011 at 08:26 AM
My argument may fall under the "limits to the First Amendment" clause, but I'll just put this out there anyway.
There are more limits to the 1st amendment than just yelling fire in a crowded theater. "Incite to violence", for example; Libel and Slander, Content Regulation of the Press by the FCC, it is illegal to lie to the police, are just a few. The first amendment, according to case law merely protects the free exchange of IDEAS. And even that is regulated by their intent and effect.
The reason I bring up these various exceptions is because, and as a parent of three toddlers I can COMPLETELY understand this particular necessity, there is a significant need to protect the masses from each other. Yeah, I did just compare the general public with toddlers.
I am not for regulating the free exchange of ideas. I am, however, for a people to peaceably assemble; more specifically, for funerals. There are some times, and some places where certain types of speech are regulated. Another perfect example is the regulation of political signs and campaigning within a certain radius around a voting establishment. Out side that radius, there are always people standing with signs attempting to sway voters. However, within that radius, people should have the right to vote in peace without being accosted.
Can you imagine, for example, people who felt that women or minorities should not be allowed to vote, intimidating voters as they attempted to walk in to vote? Bullying is not allowed. It's harassment and it is not only abhorrent, but illegal.
Picketing a funeral, and granted, this is my own opinion, is bullying. It's harassment and I can name several different ways that it bumps dangerously close to slander. I am not suggesting that the WBC not be allowed to picket or protest. I am not even suggesting that they not be allowed to picket funerals. However, I do believe that it is not unreasonable, nor outside the realm of legal precedent to create a "safe zone", for lack of a better phrase, similar to that around voting places, where picketing is simply not acceptable.
I understand that there are some horrible people in the world that people can think of that even the most chill personalities would consider picketing or even celebrating the death of. The funeral is just not the place. That is the time for the family to bury their dead. Picket the graves site after the funeral, picket outside a reasonable distance,
write letters to your congresswo/men, shoot off fireworks, whatever you feel is necessary to let the world know just how giddy you are that that person is dead and why. But let the family put their dead to rest in peace.
Posted by:
Melody Jane |
May 20, 2011 at 05:51 PM
While the Westboro Baptist Church does indeed have a right to engage in their vile, vicious, incredibly offensive "protests" which must be protected as long as they remain non-violent and keep a reasonable distance from their targets (as they did in this case and do in general), Fred Phelps himself ought to be doing life in prison for torturing his children.
Posted by:
Alex |
August 24, 2011 at 11:16 PM
It all boils down to the old adage (often erroneously attributed to Voltaire) of "I absolutely loathe what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it."
I have to agree with Greta Christina that outlawing "public Holocaust denial" and "explicit antisemitism" has indeed been a bad idea! It is crystal clear why they did it – but these restrictions on free speech have in fact backfired badly: whenever there are legitimate debates over Israel's politics – spawned by critical op-ed pieces or interviews – the "Central Council of Jews in Germany" comes running, labels it as "pure antisemitism", throws in a good measure of "Holocaust denial" accusations and usually succeeds in getting critics silenced and/or fired.
Again, I totally see why german lawmakers once thought it was wise to put these restrictions in place. But the only thing they did accomplish by limiting free speech is to make the Central Council of Jews in Germany a reviled institution that many people don't take serious anymore: mission accomplished!
Same thing goes for the recently revived idea of outlawing the german neonazi party: awfully dumb move, because in reality it bolsters support for these freaks who otherwise would never stand a real chance in national elections.
Also, it tells the german people, that their government does not really trust them in their ability to make morally and politically sound decisions!
No big surprise that the same politicos who are in favor of these bans and restrictions last year came up with a proposal for a
blasphemy law that sought to put people in jail for "unduly criticizing" organized religions or "hurt the religious feelings" of the believers (the muslims and the catholics loved the idea). Fortunately, this abomination was slapped down pretty fast in public discourse!
Posted by:
macmarine |
August 30, 2011 at 07:56 PM
I congratulate you Greta, it's extremely hard to write about something like this without getting caught up in the poison trap.
I recall a documentary called "The most hated family in America" And a video journalist actually lived in their compound for a week, and was able to successfully steer a few of the members away from the cult. He has since been asked to return, and will hopefully bring more people to the light side!
Posted by:
Jessica |
November 26, 2011 at 08:15 PM
The comments to this entry are closed.
Subscribe/ Donate to This Blog!
Books of mine
Greta on SSA Speakers Bureau
Greta Christina is on the Speakers Bureau of the Secular Students Alliance. Invite her to speak to your group!
Subscribe to this blog's feed
Your email address:Powered by FeedBlitz
Recent Posts
THIS BLOG HAS MOVED!
I'm on Twitter!
Puritan Pundits Should Chill Out -- Here Are 5 Reasons I'm Happy I've Had Lots of Casual Sex
The Switch to Freethought Blogs - Some Questions Answered
Grief Beyond Belief -- How Atheists Are Dealing With Death
I Need a Banner For My Freethought Blog!
The Karaoke Pledge Has Been Completed!
We Are Atheism - Greta's Video
Greta Interviewed on "Ask an Atheist" Podcast!
Memo to Religious People: Many Atheists Don't Want to Hear That Their Loved Ones "Are in Heaven" -- New Group for Non-Believers Helps Atheists Grieve
If You're Just Going To Read Five Things...
Atheists and Anger
The Armor of God, or, The Top One Reason Religion Is Harmful
The Top Ten Reasons I Don't Believe In God
Comforting Thoughts About Death That Have Nothing To Do With God
Are We Having Sex Now Or What?
FAQ
What is your comment policy?
What advice do you have for bloggers?
Why do you think writers should blog?
What advice do you have for writers trying to make a living?
What is this blog for -- and what isn't it for?
Some Favorite Posts and Conversations: Atheism
Atheists of Color - A List
High School Atheists Are Organizing -- Why Are Schools Pushing Back?
Why It's Not a "Safer Bet" to Believe In God, or, Why Pascal's Wager Sucks
Against Ecumenicalism: Why Atheists Don't Have to Show "Respect" for Religion
Can Atheists Do Anything Right?
How Dare You Atheists Exist?
The Atheist Seal of Approval
Lydia's Cancer, and Atheist Philosophies of Death
Can Atheism Be Proven Wrong?
Is Atheism A Belief?
Skepticism As a Discipline
Why Near Death Experiences Are a Terrible Argument for the Soul
Why Does God Play Hide and Seek?
What Would Convince This Atheist To Believe?
Do You Care Whether The Things You Believe Are True?
Why Did God Create Atheists?
Why Are You Still Catholic?
Why I'm Drawing Mohammad
Why "I Feel It In My Heart" Is a Terrible Argument for God
Why "The Universe Is Perfectly Fine-Tuned For Life" Is a Terrible Argument for God
Why "Life Has To Have Been Designed" Is a Terrible Argument for God
Why "Everything Has a Cause" is a Terrible Argument for God
Are Atheists Open-Minded?
Why I Am an Atheist Writer
An Open Letter to Concerned Believers
"But Everyone Else Does It!" Andrew Brown and the Defense of the Catholic Church Child Rape Scandal
Atheism and the Sweet Mystery of Life
Bearing Witness to Godlessness: David Bazan's "Curse Your Branches"
What Can the Atheist Movement Learn from the Gay Movement?
Atheists in Foxholes
How Atheists Can't Win
Part of the Show: Atheist Transcendence at the Edwardian Ball
Atheism, Death, and the Difference between Pessimism and Realism
Show Me the Money: Religion, Evidence, and the Parade of Excuses
Atheism and Diversity: Is It Wrong For Atheists To Persuade Believers?
Trekkie Religion and Secular Judaism: What If Religion Really Were Just a Metaphor?
The Armor of God, or, The Top One Reason Religion Is Harmful
"Their First Steps": Atheism and Patience, Round 2
Atheism, Openness, and Caring About Reality: Or, Why What We Don't Believe Matters
"You Can't Disprove Religion": Three Counter-Examples
When Anyone Is Watching: Metaphors and the Slipperiness of Religion
How Dare You Atheists Make Your Case, Round 2: Persuasion Equals Intolerance
"There Has To Be Something More": Atheism and Yearning
How Dare You Atheists Make Your Case! Or, The Fisking of Armstrong, 123
Race, Gender, and Atheism, Part 2: What We Need To Do -- And Why
Getting It Right Early: Why Atheists Need to Act Now on Gender and Race
Atheism and Patience
Tantric Orgasms and Sacred Sex: New Age Spirituality in the Sex Community
A Skeptic's View of Sexual Transcendence
Letting Go of God: Atheist Film Festival, Part 2
A Skeptic's View of Love
Is It Okay to Mock Religion?
What Does it Mean to Believe in Something?
Not Religious, But Spiritual
Religion and the Difference Between Possible and Plausible, or, Why You Shouldn't Jump Out of Windows
Eleven Myths and Truths About Atheists
Atheism and the Argument from Comfort
Atheism and the "Shut Up, That's Why" Arguments
The Big Guns: Greta Answers Some Theologians
How Can Atheists Be Good Allies?
How To Be An Ally with Atheists
Being an Atheist in the Queer Community
Atheist Meaning in a Small, Brief Life, Or, On Not Being a Size Queen
How Perfect Is the Universe, Anyway?
The Human Animal: An Atheist's View of People and Nature
A Safe Place to Land: Making Atheism Friendly for The Deconverting
What Does Science Have To Do With Atheism?
Faith as a Last Resort
What Convinced You? A Non-Belief Summary... and an Atheist Game Plan
Blind Men and Elephants: Religion, Science, and Understanding Big Complicated Things
God Is Magic
The Top Ten Reasons I Don't Believe In God
Atheism and Hope
In Defense of Atheist Blogging
The Problem of Unfishiness: Religion, Science, and Unanswered Questions
Why I Don't Believe in the Soul
"Evangelical" Atheism, Or, Is It Okay to Try to Change People's Minds?
Hypocrisy and the "Modern Theology" Argument
The Messed-Up Teachings of Jesus
"All This For Us?" The Arrogance of Human- Centered Faith
For No Good Reason: Atheist Transcendence at the Black and White Tour
Can You Prove It Didn't Happen? Progressive Religion and the Standards of Evidence
The Sameness of Imagination, The Astonishingness of Reality: Thoughts on Science and Religion
What Do You Want, Anyway? An Atheist's Mission Statement
"A Different Way of Knowing": The Uses of Irrationality... and its Limitations
Is Religious Faith Irrational?
What Would Convince You That You Were Wrong? The Difference Between Secular and Religious Faith
Onward Christian Soldiers: Theocracy and the U.S. Military
Going to Church
"Everything happens for a reason": Atheism and Learning from Mistakes
Atheism, Bad Luck, and the Comfort of Reason
The Blasphemy of Creationism
On The Amazingness of Atheists... And Why It's Doomed
The Not So Logical Conclusion: On the Morality of Atheists and Believers
The Meaning of Death, Part 3 of Many: Fear, Grief, and Actually Experiencing Your Emotions
What's the Harm in a Little Woo?
The 100% Solution: On Uncertainty, And Why It Doesn't Matter So Much
The Meaning of Death, Part 2 of Many: Motivation and Mid-Life Crises
True or False? Helpful or Harmful? The Two Different Arguments About Religion
Godless is the New Black: Is Atheism Just a Trend?
"A Relationship Between Physical Things": Yet Another Rant On What Consciousness And Selfhood Might Be
The Meaning of Death: Part One of Many
Atheists and Anger: A Reply to the Hurricane
Atheists and Anger
Why Religion Is Like Fanfic
Good Cop, Bad Cop: Atheist Activism
The Argument From Design Part Two: What Would We Do If We Didn't Exist? Plus Begging the Question, and What Is the River Trying To Do?
The Argument From Design -- Now With 40% More Cosmology! Or, Why David Hume Rocks
"Where is my Faith": Mother Teresa and Suffering
Does The Emperor Have Clothes? Religion and the Destructive Force of Asking Questions
A Self-Referential Game of Twister: What Religion Looks Like From the Outside
Eternal Fire: What Jesus Says in the Gospels About Hell
"Someone's looking out for me": God and the Minneapolis Bridge Collapse
Invisible Punishment: Hell as Social Control
The True Faith: Liberal and Conservative Christianity
"Give her an out": Prayer and Terminal Illness
The Problem of Suffering
Comforting Thoughts About Death That Have Nothing To Do With God
Dancing Molecules: An Atheist Moment of Transcendence
Professor Brainiacs and Smarty Pants Know-It-Alls: Popular Perceptions of Science and Scientists
The Slog Through the Swamp: What Science Is, And Why It Works, And Why I Care
A Lattice of Coincidence: Metaphysics, the Paranormal, and My Answer to Layne
How I Became an Atheist, Why I Became an Atheist
Defending the Blasphemy Challenge: A Reply
Atheist or Agnostic?
The Unexplained, the Unproven, and the Unlikely
Why Are We Here? One Agnostic's Half-Baked Philosophy
Some Favorite Posts and Conversations: Sex
"No Strings Attached": Sexual Convention in Transgression's Clothes
Running Along the Cliff: The Plateau Phase
When Porn Goes Bad: "Girls Gone Wild"
On Intimacy
Harder
A Cornucopia of Climaxes
Porn, Social Criticism, and the Marginalization of Kink
Why Porn Matters
Old and Improved: Long-Term Sex and the Myth of the Slow Decline
On Trying New Things... And Re-Trying Old Ones
Mis-Matched Libidos: Can Mixed Marriages Ever Work?
After You, My Dear Alphonse
Some Evolving Thoughts About Weight and Sex
Sex Writers, Drooling Horndogs, and the Suspectability of Male Sexuality
Sex and the Off-Label Use of Our Bodies
Porn, Relationships, and What It's Reasonable to Ask For
Can Watching Porn Be Cheating?
All Boy-Boy Action
Tears
The Learned Fetish
The Plausible Fantasy
On the Ubiquity of Shaving
Sexual Optimism and a Changing World
Trying Anything Twice
"My Four-Year-Old Is…": Parents, Kids, And Sex-Positivity
My Vision for a Sexual World
Tantric Orgasms and Sacred Sex: New Age Spirituality in the Sex Community
Abstinence, Birth Control, And The Difference Between Theory And Practice
My Partner Cheated On Me With Their Right Hand
A Skeptic's View of Sexual Transcendence
Sex, Spontaneity, and the "Swept Away" Myth
What Does It Mean to Want Sex?
My Very First Orgy, and What I Learned There
Is All Porn the Same?
Good In Bed
What Women Want, and the Myth of the Psychic Lesbians
Blinded With Science: Sex, Sexology, and What Women Really Want
Sex -- The Great Exception
Offended
Sex, Moods, and a Wife's Selfless Duty: And We Are in What Century Again?
Sex, Relationships, and the Hazards of Default Decisions
First Time's a Charm
Sex, and the Difference between Jaded and Relaxed
Against Simultaneity
The Eroticism of Exercise
Tee Hee, You Said "Bonk": A Book Review
Is Cheating Ever Okay?
"Does (X) Count?" What Sex Is, And Why The Question Matters
Jealousy, Friendship, And Bisexual Chopped Liver
Sexual Perspective, Or, How Can You Eat That?
The Texas Dildo Massacre, Or, Reason Number 2,767 Why Gay Rights Matter To Everyone
Buying Obedience
Born or Learned? Sexuality, Science, and Party Lines
Fuck Anything That Flies: Bisexuality, Fruit Flies, And The Causes Of Sexual Orientation
Lesbian Sex With Men
Sex, Lies, and Contraception: The Male Pill
On Punishment, and the Lack Thereof
Are You A Sex Addict?
True Love Waits... And The Rest Of Us Get On With Our Sex Lives
All I Really Need To Know I Learned From Porn -- Or Not
Which Side Are You On? Pro-Porn and Anti-Porn Arguments
Only Losers Dine At Le Cirque: The Stigma on Sex Work Customers
Right Wing Hypocrisy, or Why Sex Guilt Fucks Things Up For Everyone
Christian Spanking Porn
View from the Fourteenth Floor: A Dirty Story
Ticky-Tacky, or Why Most Mainstream Het Porn Bores The Pants On To Me
"A price I was willing to pay": Hard Porn, Sex Work, and Consent
Lost Girls: A Review
This Week: A Dirty Story
A Sex Writer's Defense of Visual Porn
Broccoli or Tofu? Sexual Differences in Relationships
Children Become Adults -- Stop the Presses!
Please Think of the Children: Sex Offender Hysteria
The Aging Slut
Are We Having Sex Now or What?
Going Wild: A Feminist's Defense of the "Girls Gone Wild" Girls
Oral Arguments: A Dyke's Defense of Blowjobs
If You Believe in Bisexuals, Clap Your Hands: My Letter to Dan Savage
Some Favorite Posts: Art, Politics, Other Stuff
Fred Phelps, and Why We Shouldn't Look for Loopholes in the First Amendment
The Times I Miss Rob
The Kids Are All Right
Why Is It Hard To Lose Weight?
Howl: Everything Has Changed
Caught Between Fat and Thin: When a Fat Acceptance Advocate Takes Off the Pounds
Happily Single, Happily Married
The Fat Positive Feminist Skeptical Diet, Phase 2, Part 2: How Do You Know When Enough Is Enough?
The Fat Positive Feminist Skeptical Diet, Phase 2: Switching from Loss to Maintenance
The Vows
Sex in the City, But Lost in the Desert: Sex and the City 2
Why Get Married?
Bad Boys and "Mad Men": What Do Women Want?
How Sexism Hurts Men, Part 2: Why Do I Care?
How Sexism Hurts Men: "Undateable"
Five More Stupid, Unfair and Sexist Things Expected of Men
Five Stupid, Unfair and Sexist Things Expected of Men
Why Liberal Values Really Are Better
On Being Age-Appropriate
Secular Buddhism, and the Difference Between Attachment and Engagement
The Fat-Positive Feminist Skeptical Diet, Part 3: The Actual Diet
Weight Loss and Strange Emotional Stuff: The Fat-Positive Feminist Skeptical Diet, Part 2
The Fat-Positive Feminist Skeptical Diet: An Update (Part 1)
No Excuses: Why Calling Congress Isn't A Waste Of Time, Part 2
Decisions Are Made By Those Who Show Up: Why Calling Congress Isn't A Waste Of Time
An Open Letter to the Fat-Positive Movement
The Fat-Positive Skeptic (Part 2 of 2)
The Fat-Positive Diet
A Hedonistic View of Physical Health
"I'm Confused": Dance Homophobia, Gender Rigidity, and "So You Think You Can Dance"
The Prop 8 Ruling: Discrimination as a Constitutional Principle
Land of the Lotus Eaters
Against Nostalgia, or, I'm In Love with the Modern World: On Not Being a Crank, Part 2
In Praise of Taxes
Trying To Get People To Think
Home Carbonation, and Contrary Human Nature
Conspiracies and Unshakeable Faith: What Would Convince You That You Were Wrong? Part 2
A Patchwork of Income: Making a Living as an Artist
On Not Being a Crank
A Parade of Weird Little Worlds: Why I Like The Olympics
Living Each Day As If It Were Your Last
Who Marriage is For: A Tale of Two Weddings
Anonymity, Manners, and the Weakness and Power of the Internet
"Ya Gotta Reach For Your Dreams": An Optimistic Realist Perspective
I Do -- And Why
The Amazing Mechanical Leftie: Reflexive Thinking in Alt Culture
Loading The Dice: Bisexuality And Choice
What's Your Story?
The Harm Reduction Model of Life
My Trip to the Circus: Albert Hofmann and LSD
Memories of a Good Science Education... and Worries About Bad Ones
Blood and Suffering: A Seriously Pissed-Off Rant About Alternative Medicine
Airborne, and Medicine, and Why Skepticism of X Shouldn't Equal Faith in Y
On Illness, Bodies, and This Weird Free Will Thing
"Strive to keep the door open": An Interview with "Mistakes Were Made" Co-Author Carol Tavris
Defensiveness, Rationalization, Mulishness... What Does That Have To Do With Religion? Mistakes Were Made, Part 2
Mistakes Were Made (But Not By Me): Why We Justify Foolish Beliefs, Bad Decisions, and Hurtful Acts -- A Review
Is Altruism Real?
It Isn't Like That
A Reality Show About Art: Project Runway
Oscarology: The Readings
Untested by Definition: A Rant on Alternative Medicine
Free Speech for Evil, Hateful, Repulsive Nutjobs? You Betcha!
Short Memories: AIDS Denialism and Vaccine Resistance
How Gay Marriage Is Destroying Normal Marriage -- No, Really
A Losing Battle: Is Weight Loss Counter-Productive?
The Galileo Fallacy, and the Gadfly Corollary
Literally
Professionalism = Selling Your Soul: A Feminist Rant on "The Devil Wears Prada"
One In Seven: Why Civil Unions Aren't Enough
What This Blog Is -- And What It Isn't: A Reply
Getting Older Means Never Having To Care About What's Cool
Joined At the Brainstem: Relationships and Privacy
Hate Crime Laws, and the Difference Between Speech and Evidence
The Martians Explain Consciousness
Ninth and Bryant Parking Garage: A Review
Brain, Brain, What Is Brain? or, Is Gender Hard-Wired?
The Death of the Novel?
Hurricane Katrina, and What Government Is For
Why I Like "Harry Potter" Better than "Lord of the Rings"
Art diary, 4/18/06: LACMA, MOCA, and Why All Art Would Be Improved by Snarling Bears
A Typepad Featured Blog!