http://greyfoxbluegrass.com/festival/privacy/
Privacy and Usage Policy
The web site located at http://www.greyfoxbluegrass.com is owned and operated by TMD, Inc., PO Box 535 ~ Utica, NY 13503, USA (hereinafter referred to as “Grey Fox Bluegrass Festival”). Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us. Because we retain the right to gather certain types of information about the users of our site, we believe you should fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the retention and the use of this information. This privacy statement discloses what information we gather, how we use it, and how to correct and change it.
The only information Grey Fox Bluegrass Festival obtains about individual visitors to this site is information supplied voluntarily by the visitor. This means that you can visit our site without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. To gauge the effectiveness of our website, we retain the right to collect generic information about our visitors. This may include, but not be limited to our web servers automatically recognizing a visitor’s domain name (such as .com, .edu, .net, etc.), the web page from which a visitor enters our site, which pages a visitor visits on our site, and how much time a visitor spends on each page. This information does not reveal a visitor’s identity. We reserve the right to collect and review this information and use it to evaluate and improve the content and functionality of our website.
Grey Fox Bluegrass Festival does not send unsolicited e-mail (“spam”). We may use e-mail to communicate with our prospects/clients, to respond to visitors’ e-mails, to confirm requests for services placed online, and to send information that a visitor has requested.
We reserve the right to utilize “cookie” technology. A cookie is a small data file that certain web sites write to your hard drive when you visit them. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you’ve visited. The only personal information a cookie can contain is the information you supply yourself. A cookie can’t read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. We may use cookie technology to track user traffic patterns (as described above). If you’ve set your web browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you will receive the warning message with each cookie. You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your web browser. You do not need to have this feature activated to use this site.
Terms of Usage
This site contains material which is derived in whole or in part from material supplied by Grey Fox Bluegrass Festival, as well as other sources, and is protected by copyright and trademark laws. You may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, or distribute in any way material from this site including code and software. You may download material from this site for your personal, non-commercial use only, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices.
This website is provided as an information source for public use. Grey Fox Bluegrass Festival strives to maintain the integrity of this site and to present information which is accurate and timely. The information is subject to periodic updates, revisions, deletions and additions without prior notice.
Grey Fox Bluegrass Festival material on this server may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. The user is cautioned that charts, documents, and other graphics which appear at this site may not be subject to accurate transmission in their entirety. Where an official printed document differs from the text which may be provided at this site, the official printed document takes precedence.
E-mail
Spam, (unsolicited junk e-mail) is the bane of the Internet, and we hate it as much as you do. Because we respect your privacy, we will not rent, sell or otherwise reveal your e-mail address to any third party advertiser. Never ever.
Grey Fox Bluegrass Festival does not send unsolicited e-mail (“spam”). We will use e-mail to communicate with our prospects/clients, to respond to visitors’ e-mails, to confirm requests for services placed online, and to send information that a visitor has requested.
« back
Disclaimer
The information provided on this site is provided “AS IS”. Grey Fox Bluegrass Festival does not warrant the accuracy of the materials provided herein, either expressly or by implication, for any particular purpose and expressly disclaims any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Although the information provided to you on this site is obtained or compiled from sources we believe to be reliable, Grey Fox Bluegrass Festival cannot and does not guarantee the accuracy, validity, timeliness or completeness of any information or data made available to you for any particular purpose.
Neither Grey Fox Bluegrass Festival, nor any of its officials, employees, or agents, or any third party vendor will be liable or have any responsibility of any kind for any loss or damage that you incur in the event of any failure or interruption of this site, resulting from the act or omission of any other party involved in making this site or the data contained therein available to you, or from any other cause relating to your access, or inability to access, or use of the site or these materials, whether or not the circumstances giving rise to such cause may have been within the control of Grey Fox Bluegrass Festival or of any vendor providing software or services support. In no event will Grey Fox Bluegrass Festival, or its affiliates be liable to you for any direct, special, indirect, consequential, incidental damages or any other damages of any kind even if Grey Fox Bluegrass Festival, or its departments, divisions or any other party have been advised of the possibility thereof. Grey Fox Bluegrass Festival, its officials, employees, and agents will not be liable for any damage or injury caused by the use of this site, including, but not limited to failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, or online failure.
The user assumes all risks associated with the use of this site, including those involving computer software or data damage caused by any virus, software or other file which might be transmitted or activated via Grey Fox Bluegrass Festival website or your access to it.
Please be advised that once you leave http://www.greyfoxbluegrass.com, your usage of the Internet will be governed by the privacy policies, if any, of the particular site that you are accessing. Grey Fox Bluegrass Festival will not be responsible for any loss or damage that could result from interception by third parties of any information made available to you via this site.
Grey Fox Bluegrass Festival will not disclose, give, sell, or transfer any personal information about our visitors, unless required for law enforcement or statute.
Comments on any aspect of this statement may be addressed to:
TMD, Inc.
PO Box 535
Utica, NY 13503
888.946.8495 toll free
e-mail your comments to us