https://gsngamesnetwork.com/privacy.html
GSN PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: June 29th, 2020
Please read this Privacy Policy and
the related GSN Terms of
Service before using any GSN website, application or community feature.
GSN Games, Inc. and subsidiaries
(collectively “GSN” or “we”, “our”, or “us”) are committed to protecting
your privacy and take the protection of your personal data very
seriously.  This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains how we
collect, use and share the personal data that you provide to us and what we
collect when you use any of our websites (each, a “Website”) mobile
applications (each, an “App”), and our chat service, forums, message
boards, email service, messaging services, virtual communities, virtual assets,
polls, surveys, and similar services (each, a “Community Feature”). The
Website, Apps and Community Features are collectively referred to as the “Services.”
If you are located in the
European Union (“EU”) or the UK, this Privacy Policy also informs you about
the management of your personal data and your rights in accordance with Article
13 of the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).
Data Controller
GSN is the entity responsible for
determining the means and purposes of processing personal data (i.e.,
the data controller) under this Privacy Policy and can be contacted as
explained below in the How To Contact Us section.  GSN has appointed a
Data Protection Officer for issues related to personal data in the EU and UK,
who can be contacted at dpo@gsngames.com.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We ask that you read this Privacy
Policy from time to time.  We may modify it at any time in our sole
discretion.  If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy that
increase our rights to use personal data that we have previously collected
about you, we will obtain your consent, where required by law, either through
your registered email address or by prominent posting on the Services.  Where
permitted by law, your use of the Services indicates that you accept the terms
of this Privacy Policy.
Personal
Data We Collect About You
How We Protect
Children’s Privacy
How We Use Personal
Data We Collect About You
When We Share Your
Personal Data
Cookie Policy
Third-Party
Advertisers and Third-Party Analytics
How We Protect Your
Personal Data
Data Retention
Links
to Other Websites
Location
and Transfer of Personal Data
Notice
to Residents of California
Notice to Residents
of the EU and the UK
Legal Basis for
Processing
Rights
of Individuals Located in the EU or UK
Lodging
a Complaint
How You Can Contact
Us
Personal Data We Collect About You
GSN collects the following types of
personal data to provide visitors, users and players with our Services and
information relevant to your needs and interests:
Personal data you give us:
You may give us personal data in a number of ways, including when you
register to use our Services, receive offers, communicate with customer
service, enter contests and accept prizes, and when you create an account.
·
GSN Accounts: When you use certain Services, you may be
required to register and create an account (“GSN Account”).  You
may be asked to choose a user name and password and to provide some or all of
the following personal data, depending on which Service you use:
o
Your real name
o
Date of birth
o
Gender
o
Postal address
o
Email address
o
Phone number
Please note that your username and
the city where you reside may be visible to other GSN users, depending on which
Service you are using.  In addition, when you make a purchase through our
Services, either we or our payment processor will collect billing information,
such as payment card information. We will retain data about your transaction
history and any sweepstakes and other contests that you enter.
·
Community Features: When you use our Community Features,
your user name will be displayed, as will any content that you post.  Some
message boards may also display your IP address.  All postings on
Community Features will generally be available to, and freely accessible by,
other users, and in some cases the general public. Because information posted
will not be kept private, users should exercise discretion when using Community
Features.
·
Facebook: GSN may allow you to sign in and associate your
Facebook account with the Services.  When you do so, you allow GSN to
access certain information from your Facebook profile that you have made
available to be shared, including your Facebook ID, name, photo, and date of
birth, and to use it (such as by posting your photo and name) in accordance
with Facebook’s terms of use, this Privacy Policy, and GSN’s Terms of
Service.  Please refer to the privacy settings on Facebook for information
about what data is shared with GSN and to manage sharing through your Facebook account.
You can use some aspects of the
Services at any time without providing any personal data. While providing
personal data is voluntary, you may not be able to take advantage of or
participate in some of the Services, if you choose not to share it.
Personal data we get from outside
sources: We also collect personal data about you (such as name, address,
device IDs, location, Internet service provider, and usage and player
information) from third parties, such as advertisers, platforms, customer
rights management vendors, analytics companies, co-branded marketers, help desk
vendors, and fraud detection companies. We use this data to improve the quality
and relevance of the advertisements you see, improve the functionality of the
Services, enable you to enter into competitions, or let you know of new
developments in the Services. In the event that we receive such data and
combine it with our customer records, the combined information will be treated
in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Personal data we collect
automatically: We automatically collect information about the devices that
you use to interact with the Services, as well as information about how you
interact with the Services. The information that we automatically collect may
include the following, depending on which Service you are using:
·
Your IP Address;
·
Device identifier;
·
Web browser type and version;
·
Operating system;
·
Time zone;
·
Web browsing;
·
Location based upon IP Address;
·
Precise geolocation of mobile device;
·
GSN usage history;
·
GSN game history and skill level;
·
Page/app views; and
·
Language.
How We Protect Children’s Privacy
GSN Services are general audience
sites not directed to children under the age of 18.  If we obtain actual
knowledge that any information we collect has been provided by an individual
under the age of 18, we will promptly delete that information.
If you are a parent or guardian who
has discovered that your child has submitted his or her personal data to GSN,
please send an email to help@gsngames.com to request deletion of that
information.  Please be sure to include in your message the same user name
and password that your child submitted.
How We Use Personal Data We Collect About You
We use your personal data for the following purposes:
Communicate With You
·
To provide you with customer support;
·
To communicate with you about our products and services,
including promotions and offers;
·
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or
services that may interest you; and
·
To let you know about new developments in the Services.
Manage and Improve Our Business Operations
·
To provide you with access to the Services;
·
To accept and process payments in connection with the Services;
·
To improve your experience using the Services;
·
To improve the functionality of the Services;
·
To enable you to enter competitions;
·
For internal operations, including troubleshooting, data
analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
·
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our
Services;
·
To measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we
serve to you and others;
·
To deliver relevant advertising to you; and
·
To assist us in developing new products and improving our
Services.
Ensure a Secure Online Environment and Comply with Legal
Obligations
·
Protect against and detect fraud, abuse or other unlawful
activity;
·
Enforce our Terms of Service, other corporate policies and
industry standards; and
·
Comply with all applicable laws and reporting obligations.
Unsubscribing From
Communications: GSN uses your personal data to communicate with you directly
via email, push notifications or direct mail, about purchases you have made and
other related products and services we believe may be of interest to you, as
well as related customer support.  If you no longer want to be contacted,
you may update your email preferences by using the “Unsubscribe” link found in
emails we send to you or by contacting us from the Menu in the App or on the
Website in the FAQ section.  To disable push notifications, access
Settings on your device and select the App(s) you no longer wish to receive
push notifications from.
When We Share Your Personal Data
To Support Business Services: We share your personal
data with companies who perform services on our behalf to support our business
operations, including the following:
·
Product and/or experience customization;
·
Distribution of marketing and promotional material;
·
Website and App evaluation;
·
Data collection, storage, management, analysis and, where
applicable, deletion; and
·
Other services to support our business operations, such as ad
delivery and analysis.
To Provide Company Security: We disclose personal data
when we determine that doing so is appropriate to:
·
Verify compliance with and enforce our Terms of Service and other
policies governing our Services;
·
Protect our property, services and legal rights;
·
Protect personal safety or the property of others;
·
Respond to lawful requests from governmental authorities;
·
Comply with applicable laws; and
·
Support auditing, compliance and corporate governance functions.
To Offer Promotions: If you
are a resident of the U.S. or Canada, you may participate in contests,
sweepstakes or promotions in connection with our Services (“Promotions”).
(EU and UK residents are not eligible to participate.)  Such Promotions
may be sponsored by or co-branded with a third-party company, who may obtain
personal data that you submit in connection with the Promotions.  We
cannot control those third parties’ use of such data. If you do not want your
personal data to be collected by or shared with such a third party, do not
participate in these Promotions.
When entering a Promotion, we may
ask for your consent to use your personal data or other information (such as
name, voice or likeness) in advertising, promotional and marketing materials.
To Extend Offers from Other
Companies:  We may send you promotional mailings on behalf of other
companies that provide game-related offers and other offers.  If you sign
up for the offers, we will share your GSN Account information with the offer
provider.
If you are a resident of the EU or
the UK, we will obtain your consent before using or sharing your information in
this manner.
In the Event of Corporate Change:
We disclose, sell or transfer information related to the Services, including
personal data:
·
To a subsequent owner, co-owner or operator of one or more of the
Services; or
·
In connection with a corporate merger, consolidation or
restructuring; the sale of substantially all of our stock and/or assets; or
other corporate change, including, without limitation, during the course of any
due diligence process.
You will be notified by e-mail or
prominent notice on our Website or in App in the event of a change of ownership
or control of your personal data.
For Statistical Analysis: We
disclose non-identifying, aggregated user statistics, such as the number of
users who used the Services during a specific time period, to third parties for
a variety of purposes, including describing our Services to prospective
partners and other third parties.
Cookie Policy
Our Services place small data files
on your computer or mobile device.  These data files may be cookies, pixel
tags, e-tags, or other local storage provided by your browser or Apps
(collectively “Cookies”).
Some of these Cookies are technical
(i.e., they allow us to provide the Services) and some are non-technical (i.e.,
they provide analytics about the use of our Services, allow us to remember your
preferences, or facilitate advertising).  We also use third-party
advertisers (each, a “Third-Party Advertiser”) to market, sell and
display advertisements on our Services. These Third-Party Advertisers may
recognize Cookies we have placed (or place their own Cookie) on your device to
collect information about your use of the Services for use in connection with
their advertising activities.
How we use Cookies
We use both persistent and session
Cookies.  Persistent Cookies are used to improve your experience on our
Services.  This includes, for example, recording your acceptance of our
Cookie Policy to remove the Cookie message that first appears when you use our
Services. Session Cookies are temporary and are deleted from your device when
your web browser closes.  We use session Cookies to help us track internet
usage.
We will not keep the personal data
that we collect through Cookies for longer than is necessary to fulfill the
purposes mentioned in this Privacy Policy.
Types of Cookies
Cookie
Type
Purpose
Strictly
necessary/ Technical
These Cookies are
necessary to allow us to operate the Services so you may access them as you
have requested. These Cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have
created an account and have logged into that account to access content
through the Services. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember
your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure the
Services.
Analytical
/ Performance
These Cookies are
used by us or our business partners to analyze how the Services are used and
how they are performing. For example, these Cookies track what pages are most
frequently visited, and what locations our visitors come from. These Cookies
may be correlated to you. These Cookies include, for example, Google
Analytics Cookies.
Functionality
These Cookies let
us operate the Services in accordance with the choices you make. These
Cookies permit us to "remember" you in between visits. For
instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized
the Services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other
parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same
customizations during future visits.
Third-Party
Advertising
We allow our
business partners to use Cookies on our Services for the same purposes
identified above, including collecting information about your online
activities over time and across different websites. The business partners
that generate these Cookies, such as Adobe and Google, have their own privacy
policies governing their use of this information, and may use their Cookies
to target advertising to you on other websites, based on use of the Services.
How to delete Cookies
Most web browsers accept Cookies
automatically.  However, you can delete Cookies manually or set your
browser to automatically delete Cookies on a pre-determined schedule.
Most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new Cookies, how to be
notified when you receive a new Cookie and how to disable existing
Cookies.  You can find out how to do this for your particular browser by
clicking “help” on your browser's menu or by visiting
www.allaboutcookies.org.
Please note that if you decline to
accept Cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of or participate in
certain features of the Services.
Most browsers allow users to use a
“private mode” by which Cookies are deleted after your website visit.
Please read the help section of your browser to learn more about how to
activate the “private mode.”  You can still visit our website if your
browser is in “private mode,” however, the user experience may not be optimal
and some utilities may not work.
If you want to remove
previously-stored Cookies, you can manually delete the Cookies at any time.
However, this will not prevent the Services from placing further Cookies on
your device unless and until you adjust your browser setting as described
above.
For more information on the
development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies,
please see www.youronlinechoices.eu, if you are located in the EU, or
www.aboutads.info/choices, if in the United States.
Adobe Flash Player
Our Services enable the use of the
Adobe Flash Player, which generates “flash cookies” by default.  Flash
cookies remember user settings, preferences and usage similar to the browser
Cookies referenced above, but flash cookies can store more information than
browser Cookies and are managed through a different interface than the one
provided by your web browser.
You can control the degree to which
you accept flash cookies by accessing your Adobe Flash Player management tools
directly through the settings manager for Adobe Flash, located at
http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html.
If you do not allow flash cookies to take any disc space on your computer, you
may not be able to take advantage of or participate in certain features on the
Service.
Web Beacons
Our web pages or e-mail messages
may contain a small graphic image called a web beacon, which allows us to
monitor and collect certain limited information about our users, such as the
type of browser requesting the web beacon, the IP address of the computer that
the web beacon is sent to and the time the web beacon was viewed. We use web
beacons to count visitors to our web pages or to monitor how our users navigate
our Services, and we include web beacons in e-mail messages in order to count
how many of the messages we sent were actually opened or acted upon.
IP Addresses
An IP Address is a number that is
assigned to your mobile device, computer or network when you are linked to the
Internet.  When you use our Services, our servers log your IP Address. We
use IP Addresses for a number of purposes, such as system administration, to
report aggregate information to our business partners or to audit the use of
the Services.  We associate your IP address with other personal data you
provide.
Third-Party Advertisers and Third-Party Analytics
Ad Serving Technology
Third-party advertising companies
(each, a “Third-Party Ad Company”) also use Cookies, clear GIFs, web
beacons or other technologies to collect information to ensure that appropriate
advertising is delivered when you use the Services, calculate or control the
number of unique and repeat views of a given ad, deliver ads that relate to
your interests, and/or measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns.
The data that Third-Party Ad
Company may collect for this purpose includes your IP address; device ID;
information about your software, applications and hardware; machine or device
make and model; advertisement(s) served; in-game location; length of time an
advertisement was visible; other Internet and website usage information; web
pages and mobile Internet sites which have been viewed by you (as well as date
and time); domain type; size of the advertisement; advertisement response (if
any); and angle of view.  If you click on an ad that appears on the
Services, data, such as your IP address, may be revealed to the advertiser (or
the applicable Third-Party Ad Company).
The Third-Party Ad Company that
deliver ads may combine the personal data collected with other information they
have independently collected from other services or products.  The
collection and use by Third-Party Ad Company of personal data obtained through
the Services and information they have independently collected from other
services or products is governed by their own privacy policies.
To learn more about the data
practices of our Third-Party Ad Companies and service providers (including
opt-out mechanisms they may offer), see our Partners Page  https://gsngamesnetwork.com/partners.html.
You can also use your mobile device settings to manage interest-based
advertising that appears on mobile applications; to do so, select “limit ad
tracking” on Apple iOS operating systems and “opt-out of interest-based ads” on
Android operating systems.
In addition, GSN uses pixels, or
transparent GIF files, to help manage online advertising. These GIF files are
provided by our ad management partners (each, a “Management Partner”),
who use them to recognize a unique Cookie placed by us or by another advertiser
who works with the applicable Management Partner.  The Management Partner
may set and access its own Cookies on your web browser in order to serve ads it
believes may be of interest to you based on the profile information you
provided to us at registration (e.g., demographic information), your browsing
behavior on the Services, as well as information collected about you by the
applicable Management Partner elsewhere online.  Management Partners may
use information about you gathered from the Services to serve ads to you
elsewhere on the Internet.
Analytics
Web analytics services that collect
and analyze GSN users’ data, such as device ID and IP address, provide us with
statistical information, such as where our users are located in the world, what
content users view on our Services, and the size of our user base.  We use
this information to improve and personalize our Services.
How We Protect Your Personal Data
GSN has implemented an information
security program that includes physical, technical and procedural safeguards
designed to protect your personal data.
Data Retention
GSN will retain your personal data
as needed to provide you with access to our Services and/or for as long as is
necessary for the protection and pursuit of our legal rights and obligations
under any laws that are applicable to our operations.
Links to Other Websites
The Services may contain links to,
or advertisements concerning, other websites. Other websites may also
reference, advertise, or link to GSN. GSN is not responsible for the privacy
practices or the content of such other websites. You should check the
applicable privacy policy of any website you access through the Services.
Location and Transfer of Personal Data
Personal data you provide to us and
through our Services may be stored on servers, databases and with service
providers in the United States and other countries whose data protection laws
may differ from the jurisdiction in which you live.  When we transfer
personal information from the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or the UK, we put
in place appropriate safeguards to ensure the safe and secure transfer and
handling of such data.
Do Not Track Signals
Some browsers send signals or
preferences to websites that you visit indicating that you do not wish to be
tracked over time and across websites.  Because there is not yet a common
understanding of how to interpret Do Not Track (“DNT”) signals or a common
definition of “tracking,” we do not currently respond to DNT signals on GSN
websites.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident,
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to opt out of the disclosure
of your personal data by GSN to third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing
purposes.  To make a request to opt out of such disclosure, please use the
Menu section of the App or the FAQ section of a Website.
The California Consumer Privacy Act
(“CCPA”) also provides California residents with rights to receive certain disclosures
regarding the collection, use, and sharing of “Personal Information,” as well
as rights to access and control Personal Information. The CCPA defines
“Personal Information” to mean “information that identifies, relates to,
describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked,
directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.” Certain
information we collect may be exempt from the CCPA because it is considered
public information (i.e., it is made available by a government entity) or
covered by a federal privacy law, such as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, the
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, or the Fair Credit
Reporting Act.
To the extent that we collect
Personal Information that is subject to the CCPA, that information, our
practices, and your rights are described below.
Right to Information Regarding the Categories of
Personal Information Collected, Sold, and Disclosed
Please see our Notice of California Consumer Data Collection
and Sharing Practices Notice to Residents
of California
Right to Access Information
You have the right to request
access to Personal Information collected about you and information regarding
the source of that information, the purposes for which we collect it, and the
third parties and service providers with whom we share it. To protect our
customers’ Personal Information, we will verify your identity before we can act
on your request by seeking information which may include: (i) device ID; (ii)
your player identification name and/or number; (iii) name; (iv) confirmation of
California residency; (v) physical address and/or (vi) email.
Right to Request Deletion of Information
You have the right to request, in
certain circumstances, that we delete any Personal Information that we have
collected directly from you. To protect our customers’ Personal Information, we
will verify your identity before we can act on your request by seeking
information which may include: (i) device ID; (ii) your player identification
name and/or number; (iii) name; (iv) confirmation of California residency; (v)
physical address and/or (vi) email. We may have a reason under the law why we
do not have to comply with your request, or why we may comply with it in a more
limited way than you anticipated. If we do, we will explain that to you in our
response.
Right to Information Regarding Participation in Data
Sharing for Financial Incentives
We run promotions from time to time
whereby we incentivize a consumer to share certain pieces of information with
us; for example, certain games offer “Reward Videos” where players can earn virtual
goods  and / or game credits by watching targeted advertisements. Participation
in these incentives is voluntary, and you may opt out of the data sharing at
any time.
Right to Opt out of Sale of Personal Information to
Third Parties
You have the right to opt out of
any sale of your personal information to third parties. To exercise this right,
please visit the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” webpage if you are using
a Website or the Menu section of an App. Please note that your right to opt out
does not apply to our sharing of personal information with service providers,
who are parties we engage to perform a function on our behalf and are
contractually obligated to use the personal information only for that function.
Right to Non-Discrimination
You have the right to receive non-discriminatory
treatment based on your exercise of any of the privacy rights conferred by the
CCPA.
How to Submit a Request
You may submit a request by filling
out a Consumer Data Request form accessible from the Service you are using or
by contacting us at the email address below applicable to the App or Website
you are using or through the menu options in the App.
For Bingo Bash
bingoccpa@gsngames.com
For: (i) GSN
Casino; and (ii) Lucky Homes
casinoccpa@gsngames.com
For TriPeaks
Solitaire
puzzleccpa@gsngames.com
For
WorldWinner
worldwinnerccpa@gsngames.com
For: (i) Fresh
Deck Poker; (ii) Wheel of Fortune Slots; and (iii) Grand Casino
vegasccpa@gsngames.com
Notice to Residents of the EU and the UK
If you are located in the EU or the UK, you have certain rights
with respect to your personal data.  If you would like to exercise those
rights, please contact us at the email address below applicable to the App or
Website you are using or through the menu options in the App.
For Bingo Bash
bingogdpr@gsngames.com
For: (i) GSN
Casino; and (ii) Lucky Homes
casinogdpr@gsngames.com
For TriPeaks
Solitaire
solitairegdpr@gsngames.com
For
WorldWinner
skillgdpr@gsngames.com
For: (i) Fresh
Deck Poker; (ii) Wheel of Fortune Slots; and (iii) Grand Casino
vegasgdpr@gsngames.com
Legal Basis for Processing
We will rely on the following legal
bases for processing your personal data, depending on our purpose for such
processing.
You have consented to the
processing of your personal data:  We will obtain your consent before
using or sharing your data for advertising that is targeted based on your
browsing history, online behavior or other personal data that we or third
parties may have collected about you. If you consent to our use of your
personal data for any purpose, you have the right to withdraw consent at any
time by contacting us, as explained above, or through the App in which you
provided consent.
We have a legitimate interest in
processing your personal data: GSN has a legitimate interest in processing
your personal data for certain business and security purposes and to comply
with applicable laws, including, but not limited to, the following:
·
Product and Service development, management, delivery and
enhancement;
·
Fraud detection and prevention;
·
Network and system security;
·
General corporate operations;
·
User personalization;
·
Compliance with applicable foreign laws;
·
Communications regarding your purchases; and
·
Non-targeted marketing and advertising.
You have the right to object to our
processing of your personal data based on our legitimate interests.  You
can do so by contacting us through the App(s) you are using, as described
above.  The processing of some types of personal data is necessary to
provide you the Services.  Therefore, if you object to certain types of
processing, we may not be able to provide you the Services.
Processing is necessary for
compliance with a legal obligation:  We will process personal data
when necessary to comply with an obligation under EU or EU Member State law.
If we intend to use personal data that we have
collected for a different purpose than was described to you, we will provide
you with information about this secondary purpose and any additional
information necessary to ensure fair and transparent processing, before we
engage in further processing.
Rights of Individuals Located in the EU or UK
If you are located in the EU and
UK, you have the following rights, subject to applicable exceptions, under the
GDPR and UK data protection laws:
Right of access: You have
the right to obtain confirmation as to whether we are processing personal data
about you, and if so, request a copy of the personal data.  If you are
located in the EU or UK and you would like a copy of the personal data that GSN
holds about you, please send a description of the personal data you would like
a copy of and proof of your identity to the emails set forth above.
Right to correction: You
have the right to correct any inaccuracies in the personal data we hold about
you and, where applicable, complete any incomplete personal data that we hold.
Right to erasure: You have
the right to request that GSN erase the personal data that we hold about you,
if one of the conditions in Article 17 of the GDPR applies.
Right to restriction of
processing: You have the right to restrict our processing of your personal
data, if one of the conditions in Article 18 of the GDPR applies.
Right to data portability:
You have the right to receive personal data concerning you in a structured,
common and machine-readable format or request transmission of the data to a
third party, if the conditions in Article 20 of the GDPR are met.
Right to object: You have
the right to object to processing of your personal data based on our legitimate
interests at any time.  We will no longer process the data, unless there
are compelling legitimate grounds for our processing that override the
interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject, or the processing serves
the purpose of asserting, exercising or defending legal claims.
Right to withdraw consent: If
we are processing your personal data based on your consent, you have the right
to withdraw your consent at any time.
If you are located in the EU or UK
and you would like to invoke any of these rights (other than “access,” which is
explained above), you can make the appropriate change through your GSN Account,
or you can contact us through the App(s) you are using, as described above.
Lodging a
Complaint
Under Article 77 of the GDPR, if
you are located in the EU or the UK, you have the right to lodge a complaint
with a supervisory authority if you believe that the processing of your
personal data infringes your rights under the GDPR.  The right to lodge a
complaint may be invoked in the EU Member State in which you reside, in which
you work or where the alleged infringement occurred.
How You Can Contact Us
GSN is dedicated to protecting your
personal data and welcomes comments and questions on this Privacy Policy. You
may e-mail us at the following address: help@gsngames.com.
© 2020 GSN Games, Inc.  All
rights reserved.
Notice
of California Consumer Data Collection and Sharing Practices
The following is a description of our
data collection practices, including the personal information we collect, the
sources of that information, the purposes for which we collect information, and
whether we disclose that information to external parties. We may use any and
all of the information for any of the purposes described in the GSN Privacy
Policy, unless limitations are listed. The categories we use to describe the
information are those enumerated in the CCPA.
·      Personal
Identifiers:
·
We collect your name, email address, phone number, and contact
address when you create an account or complete a transaction. If you choose to
create an account, you will also be asked to create a username, and we will
assign one or more unique identifiers to your profile.
·
You provide us with payment information, which may be your credit
card number or a bank account, when you complete a transaction. You have the
option to store this information to your account.
o
We do not collect your Driver’s License or passport number.
o
We do not collect any medical information or health information
about you.
o
We collect your social security number only if you are a player
of WorldWinner and choose to withdraw money that you have won, in order to
comply with tax law.
o
We collect your IP address automatically when you use our
Services.
o
We collect your Device ID automatically when you use our
Services.
·
Protected Classifications: We collect your age in order to
comply with laws that restrict collection and disclosure of personal
information belonging to minors. We do not collect your racial or ethnic
origin, or sexual orientation.
·
Commercial Information: When you engage in transactions
with us, we create records of purchases made or considered, as well as
purchasing histories or tendencies. We also create records of your play
preferences and information about gameplay.
·
Biometric Information: We do not collect information about
your physiological, biological, or behavioral characteristics.
·
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information:
We collect information about your browsing history, search history, and information
regarding your interaction with websites, applications, or advertisements
automatically when you utilize our Services.
·
Geolocation Data: As described above, we collect your IP
address automatically when you use our Services. We may be able to determine
your general location based on the IP address. We do not collect your precise
location (e.g., your GPS coordinates) unless you play for cash on WorldWinner. If
we collect your precise location, when you use the Services for the first time,
we ask for your permission to collect your precise location (e.g., your GPS
coordinates). If you allow your device to provide us with this information, we
use it to make improvements to our products and services, and to provide
recommendations and deliver relevant advertising.
·
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar
information: We do not collect your image, voice recording, or any thermal,
olfactory, or similar information.
·
Professional or employment-related information: We do not
collect information about your current employer or your employment history.
·
Education information: We do not collect any information
about the institutions you have attended or the level of education you have
attained.
·
Inferences drawn to create a profile about a consumer reflecting
the consumer’s preferences or characteristics: We may analyze your actual
or likely preferences through a series of computer processes. On some
occasions, we may add our observations to your internal profile.
We
share the above-listed information with service providers, which are external
parties that we engage for business purposes and are restricted from using
Personal Information for any purpose that is not related to our engagement. The
categories of service providers with whom we share information and the services
they provide are described in this Privacy Policy.
On
certain occasions, we also sell information to third parties. An external party
may be considered a third party either because the purpose of sharing is not an
enumerated business purpose under California law, or because our contract does
not restrict them from using Personal Information for other purposes. To “sell”
information means to disclose it to an external party for monetary or other
benefit. We sell the following information:
·
Personal Identifiers: We provide your IP address and
Device ID to our advertising partners.
·
Inferences drawn to create a profile about a consumer
reflecting the consumer’s preferences or characteristics: We provide our
observations about you to our advertising partners.
We
may also disclose information to other external parties who are not listed here
when required by law or to protect our Company or other persons, as described
in the GSN Privacy Policy.