https://guitarelectronics.com/privacy/
Created with Sketch.
Created with Sketch.
Toggle menu
Gift Certificate
LoginorSign Up
0
Search
×
Main Menu
Privacy
Shipping & Returns
Contact
Guitar Electronics News
Quantity Discounts
Shop By Category
Electronic Parts
Pots-Volume Tone Blend
Amplifier Pots
Bourns Guitar & Bass Pots
EVH Custom Guitar Pots
CTS Pro Guitar & Bass Pots
EMG Guitar & Bass Pots
Fender Guitar & Bass Pots
Mini Guitar & Bass Pots
Push-Pull Concentric & Blend Pots
PMT Sonic Expansion Controls
Washers & Nuts For Pots
Switches & Pickup Selectors
Lever Switches
Toggle Switches
Mini Switches
Rotary & Slide Switches
Output Jacks & Cable Plugs
Guitar & Bass Tone Capacitors
Guitar & Bass Electronics Parts Kits
9-Volt Battery Accessories
Active Guitar & Bass Preamps
Wire & Shielding Supplies
Guitar & Bass Pickups
Guitar Humbuckers
Seymour Duncan Humbuckers
Benedetto Humbuckers
Stratocaster Pickups
Fender Stratocaster Pickups
Seymour Duncan True Single Coils
Seymour Duncan Strat Size Humbuckers
Seymour Duncan Noiseless Strat Pickups
Telecaster Pickups
Fender Telecaster Pickups
Seymour Duncan Telecaster Pickups
Bass Pickups
P-90 Soapbar Pickups
Jazz & Archtop Pickups
Parts & Hardware
Guitar & Bass Bridges & Saddles
Electric Guitar Bridges & Tailpieces
Electric Guitar Bridge Saddles
Bass Bridges & Saddles
Acoustic Guitar Bridges & Saddles
Tremolos & Trem Arm Bars
Floyd Rose Tremolo Parts
Guitar & Bass Control Knobs
Metal Guitar & Bass Knobs
Plastic Guitar & Bass Knobs
Jack Plates & Mounting Plates
Pickup Rings & Pickup Covers
Pickguards & Cover Plates
Strat Pickguards
Tele Pickguards
J Bass Pickguards
P Bass Pickguards
Les Paul Pickguards
Cover Plates
Screws Springs & Washers
Small Guitar & Bass Parts
Strap Buttons & Strap Locks
String Nuts & String Retainers
Switch Tips & Trem Arm Tips
Tuning Keys for Guitar & Bass
Guitar Picks, Strings & Care Products
Guitar & Bass Strings
Guitar Care Products
Guitar Picks
Dunlop Jazz Picks
Dunlop Nylon Picks
Dunlop Tortex Picks
Fender Celluloid Picks
Graph Tech Tusq Picks
GuitarElectronics.com Shirts & Hats
Guitar Wiring Resources
1 Pickup Guitar Wiring Diagrams
1 Humbucker / 1 Volume
1 Humbucker / 1 Volume / 1 Tone
2 Pickup Guitar Wiring Diagrams
2 Single Coils
1 Humbucker+1 Single Coil
2 Humbuckers w/ 3-Way Switch
2 Humbuckers w/ 5-Way Switch
3 Pickup Guitar Wiring Diagrams
1 Humbucker +2 Single Coils
2 Humbuckers+1 Single Coil
3 Humbuckers
3 Single Coils
Custom Drawn Guitar Wiring Diagrams
PMT Sonic Expansion Control Diagrams
Guitar Pickup & Control Wiring Mods
Humbucker Wiring Mods
Other Guitar Wiring Mods
Volume & Tone Mods
Humbucker Wire Color Codes
Pickup Switch Terminal Connections
Shop By Brand
GuitarElectronics.com
Seymour Duncan
All Parts
Fender
Gotoh
WD Music Products
Graph Tech Guitar Labs
Guitar Electronics
Dunlop
Bourns
Switchcraft
PMT Music Products
CTS
Alpha
Floyd Rose
TonePros
Grover
Salecom Switches
EMG
Oak Grigsby
Philmore
Schaller
Antique Electronics
Cornell Dubilier
SOZO
Benedetto
D'Addario
Marshall
Alps
EVH
GHS
C & K
CRL
Duracell
Gavitt
Nichicon
Pure Tone
Carling
Ducks Deluxe
Jackson
Vishay
Xicon
View all Brands
Gift Certificates
Login or Sign Up
Home
Privacy
Privacy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for GuitarElectronics.com LLC. and our website; http:GuitarElectronics.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website, It will notify you of the following:
What information we collect;
With whom it is shared;
How it can be corrected;
How it is secured;
How policy changes will be communicated; and
How to address concerns over misuse of personal data.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. Your information is kept 100% private. We will not sell or rent this customer information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g., to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Customer Registration
Customers may choose to create an optimal customer account. Customer information is only used to contact you about the products/services on our site in which you have expressed interest. At your option, you may also provide demographic information (such as gender or age) about yourself, but it is not required.
Your Access to and Control Over your Customer Account You may opt out our news letter and promotional emails at any time by logging in to your customer account and changing your email preferences. You can also:
Set up your Shipping and billing addresses.
Change/correct your account information.
Look up previous order history and order messages.
Orders We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you. For security purposes, we do not have accesses to or save your payment information.
Security
When you submit sensitive information via our website during checkout or accessing your customer account, your information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the secure web pages.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (e.g. billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Cookies We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance their experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (e.g., advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Links This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys & Contests From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Notification of Changes
Whenever material changes are made to the privacy notice specify how you will notify consumers. Other Provisions as Required by Law: Numerous other provisions and/or practices may be required as a result of laws, international treaties, or industry practices. It is up to you to determine what additional practices must be followed and/or what additional disclosures are required. Please take special notice of the California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA), which is frequently amended and now includes a disclosure requirement for “Do Not Track” signals.
×
OK