http://halloweenmovies.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footerNEWS
FEATURE ARTICLES
FILM SERIES
MERCH
EVENTS
IN THEATERS
Notice
Halloweenmovies.com is owned and operated by Trancas International Films in the United States of America. This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) applies to information that you provide to Trancas International Films via this site, and/or by use of other services (collectively, the “Services”) that may be provided by other means or media, including as set forth below and as defined in the applicable Terms of Service or other terms. This Privacy Policy is intended to provide you notice of Trancas International Films information management practices, including the types of information gathered, how it is used and safeguarded, and the degree to which you may control the maintenance and sharing of your information. Your use of any Trancas International Films Service or Web site constitutes acceptance of this Privacy Policy and any other applicable terms. The Terms of Service for this Web site are hereby incorporated by reference. Personally Identifiable Information That We Collect Trancas International Films respects your privacy and is committed to protecting personally identifiable information that you provide in connection with your use of its Web sites and Services.
Cookies and Related Technology
Trancas International Films Web sites, and some Services and advertisements may contain “cookies,” clear gifs (also known as web beacons or web bugs), or similar technology. A cookie is a piece of data that is sent to your Internet browser, which will store the cookie on your computer if your browser is enabled to accept cookies. Web beacons assist in the delivery of cookies and the collection of non-personally identifiable information, such as “click path” and other data as described above.
Trancas International Films uses cookies, clear gifs, frames, server log analysis and other technologies as they are developed to customize your experience with our sites and Services.
Most Internet browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block acceptance of cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. You should refer to your browser instructions or “Help” screen to learn more about how to manage cookies. Please note, however, that if you block cookies, some portions of the SPE Web sites and Services may not function properly.
Trancas International Films does not control cookies in third party ads, and visitors are encouraged to check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn about their use of cookies and other technology. The ads appearing on our Web sites may be delivered to you by third-party advertising companies. Trancas International Films Privacy Policy does not cover the use of information collected from you by third party ad servers. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, e-mail address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please click here.
Special Notice Regarding Children Under 13
Trancas International Films understands the sensitivity of personally identifiable information concerning children under the age of 13 and therefore provides this special notice. Trancas International Films is committed to complying with all applicable laws and regulations regarding children, including the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). Except in limited circumstances allowed by COPPA, Trancas International Films will not knowingly collect, maintain, or disclose any personally identifiable information from a child under 13 without first obtaining consent from that child’s parent or legal guardian.
If you are the parent or guardian of a child under 13, and your child would like to participate in certain Services for which COPPA requires your consent, your child will be prompted to print out a form for you to complete and mail in to Trancas International Films. The form will list the information required from both parent/guardian and child, as well as the intended uses of the information. Trancas International Films will only collect information that is reasonably necessary for your child to participate, and Trancas International Films will not share your child’s personally identifiable information with any third party (except for purposes of fulfillment by a third party that has agreed to protect the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy), unless you specifically consent, or as permitted by COPPA or other applicable law. You may also subsequently revoke your consent and request that your child’s information be removed from Trancas International Films active list. Please refer to the form for instructions and further information.
If you are a parent or guardian who has discovered that your child under the age of 13 has submitted his or her personally identifiable information without your permission or consent, Trancas International Films will make reasonable efforts to remove the information from its active list, at your request. To request the removal of your child’s information, please send an e-mail to privacy@trancasfilms.com and be sure to include in your message the same User Name and password and/or e-mail address that your child submitted.
Personally Identifiable Information
Trancas International Films uses information about you to deliver the Services that you request, to keep you informed about changes affecting our Services or your account, to inform you of other Services or offers in which you might be interested, and to improve and enhance our sites and Services. If you provide Trancas International Films with personally identifiable information, we will take all reasonable and appropriate steps to protect it from unauthorized disclosure.
If you opt in to receive e-mail from us, you can always opt out of future marketing messages by following the directions in each message to “unsubscribe.” However, if you choose to opt out of marketing messages, we reserve the right to contact you regarding your account status, technical support, product information, changes to account terms, and any other matter that might affect our service to you and/or any products you purchased from us or registered with us, as applicable.
Trancas International Films companies may work together in order to provide portions of Trancas International Films sites and some Services (e.g., to fulfill prizes won in a contests, or to provide other support for a Service). These companies will handle your personally identifiable information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
As stated above in Personally Identifiable Information That We collect – Special Promotions and Purchases, Trancas International Films may also work with third parties to provide some Services on our sites. In connection with those Services, you are deemed to consent to us sharing your information with third parties who provide services such as processing of credit card transactions, customer service, promotion administration, order fulfillment and/or prize delivery, as applicable. Third parties who provide, or participate in, Services on Trancas International Films sites are prohibited from using our customers’ personally identifiable information for marketing purposes and/or from sharing, selling, or otherwise using such information, unless you choose to opt in to marketing, sharing, or other uses by the third parties. If you do not want your information to be used for marketing by a third party who participates in a Service on one of our sites, do not opt in to such use by that third party when you register to participate in the Service.
Please note that whenever you opt in to receive future communications from a third party, your information will be subject to the third party’s privacy policy. If you later decide that you do not want that third party to use your information, you will need to contact the third party directly, as we have no control over how third parties use information. You should always review the privacy policy of any party that collects your information to determine how that entity will handle your information.
Trancas International Films will not share, sell, rent, or disclose any personally identifiable information that we have collected except as stated herein, or in the following instances: 1) we have been given your consent to disclose; 2) we have previously informed you of the disclosure, including by means of our Privacy Policy or on the Web site, or through the Service where you provided your information; 3) we are required by law, legal process, or court order to disclose; 4) disclosure is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may cause or be causing harm to, or interference with, Trancas International Films rights or property, other Trancas International Films Web site users, or anyone else; or 5) to respond to an inquiry, request or complaint that you have made. Trancas International Films may also use IP addresses in cooperation with Internet service providers to identify users if we deem it necessary to comply with law, to enforce compliance with this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Service, or to protect our sites, customers, or others.
Hyperlinks To and From Other Sites
Trancas International Films sites may frame, and/or contain links to, or advertisements about, non-Trancas International Films Web sites. Other sites may also reference, advertise, or link to Trancas International Films sites. Trancas International Films does not endorse or sponsor other Web sites, is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of non-Trancas International Films sites, expressly disclaims any statements or assertions made on such Web sites, and denies all liability associated with your use of, and the content on, such other sites and advertisements. Consent to Processing in the United States.
By providing any personally identifiable information to Trancas International Films, all users, including, without limitation, users in the member states of the European Union, fully understand and unambiguously consent to this Privacy Policy and to the collection, storage, and processing of such information in the United States of America.
Contact Us Regarding Privacy
Trancas International Films is dedicated to protecting your personally identifiable information and welcomes comments and questions on this Privacy Policy.
You may e-mail your questions or comments to: privacy@trancasfilms.com
Notification of Changes
Trancas International Films reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy and its Terms of Service at any time. In case of any material change to the Privacy Policy, we will replace the “Privacy Policy” link on the home page of our sites with a link entitled “Updated Privacy Policy” for no less than 30 days. All changes to the Privacy Policy and/or Terms of Service will be effective when posted, and your continued use of any Trancas International Films site or Service after the posting will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes.
Effective Date: July 1, 2008
Primary SidebarSearch this website
FOLLOW US ONLINE
FacebookInstagramTwitterYouTube
Feature Articles
“It’s shocking, as it doesn’t seem that much time has passed!” Halloween: The Curse of Michael Myers … [Read More...] about EXCL: On Its 25th Anniversary, Writer Daniel Farrands Looks Back at Halloween: The Curse of Michael Myers – Part 1Halloween Kills' Jamie Lee Curtis took to Instagram yesterday with the below behind-the-scenes video … [Read More...] about Halloween Kills’ Jamie Lee Curtis Shares Behind-the-Scenes Video from SetFor many, the nostalgia of small-town drug stores of the 50’s through 80’s endures, from the soda … [Read More...] about Return to Halloween 4: Where’s Haddonfield’s Vincent Drug, and What’s It Look Like Now?MORE FEATURED ARTICLES
FooterFacebookInstagramTwitterYouTube
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Use
|
Legal Notices
HalloweenMovies.com could care less about cookies, but because this is a [WORDPRESS] site, they are present solely to provide you with the best experience on the website, which if you continue to use this website you acknowledge you are agreeable to this. Please also know that HalloweenMovies.com will NEVER sell or utilize your data in any way.    Ok    Privacy Policy