https://hancockshakervillage.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyHSV Admin2019-01-14T11:18:09-05:00
Hancock Shaker Village adheres to the following policy for ensuring the privacy of your personal information (full name, address, telephone number, and other information.)
Gathering and Use of Information
We will not collect personally identifiable information from you, other than what you supply to us on a voluntary basis.
You might be asked to provide some personally identifiable information in order to participate in some online activities. This could be in connection with the following:
Contest or sweepstakes registration
Subscription registration for services such as email newsletters
Transactions on our web pages such as becoming a member, donating to the Annual Fund or buying tickets to events or programs
Content submissions, community postings (i.e., forums or bulletin boards), comments and suggestions, voting , or online surveys
Hancock Shaker Village may use your personally identifiable information to extend promotional offers (such as invitations to Museum events) or to provide information requested by users.
When you are asked to provide personal information, we will explain the extent of its use: for example, to complete an online transaction.
When you disclose personal information on our website, we may use your address internally to inform you of events and opportunities.
If you do not wish to receive these communications, you may choose to “opt out.” Under certain circumstances, opting out may prevent your participation in activities for which personal information is needed (such as contests).
We may use personally identifiable information in order to prevent improper use of our site, or as otherwise necessary to defend against or assist in the investigation of improper or illegal activity on the website.
Children (12 years old or under)
The Village does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 12 years of age. Children should always ask parents for permission before providing personal information to any Web site or purchasing any products or services on line. The Village urges all parents to participate in their children’s exploration of the internet and to teach them about protecting their personal information while online.
Users under 18 years of age cannot make credit card purchases on our website.
By contacting us at privacy@hancockshakervillage.org during normal business hours, parents or guardians of users 12 years old or younger may review any personal information we have regarding their children, require us to change such information, or prohibit us from collecting or maintaining such information.
Cookies
The Village website uses a technology tool called a ‘cookie’. The cookie is a small text file that our website temporarily stores on your hard drive. When you return to our site your Web browser passes the cookie from your computer back to our website, so that we can recognize you as you move through our website (for instance, the cookie tells our website which shopping basket is yours). At no time will the cookie reveal to others your name, email address, street address, or telephone number, even if you have submitted this information to other areas of our website.
Aggregate Information
The Village website automatically logs information such as IP address and browser type of all visitors for measuring the usage of our website. We use this information to analyze how visitors use our website, which helps us improve your experience.
HSV Website Security
HSV’s website uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption to process purchases made online. By using this technology, online customers can feel confident that their personal information is protected from interception by a third party. Although we retain your order information in our records, we never share this information with other companies or persons.
When a secure connection is established between your browser and a website, any data that is transferred over the connection will be encrypted to prevent it from being viewed by a third party. Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption, the standard for most browsers and servers, makes it very difficult for anyone to intercept or decode messages exchanged over this type of secure connection.
To ensure that you are on a secure page, look for the closed key or lock on the bottom of your web browser during the checkout process.
Third-Party Partners
HSV has contracted with reputable third-party vendors who provide various services to our online users. The Village has taken all possible precautions to ensure that the privacy of our online visitors is protected by our online partners. If you leave the HSVsite to visit one of our partner sites, we encourage you to become familiar with the privacy statements of the new site.
Links
The HSV site may contain links to other websites. Please note that when you click on a link you are clicking to the site of another organization. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of other websites, as their policies may differ from ours.
Policy Changes
As our website is updated, it may be necessary for us to change our privacy policy to reflect new online activities and programs. Any changes will be posted here. To keep informed about our information practices, please check this page periodically.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy statement, our online practices or your dealings with this website, please contact:
Hancock Shaker Village
Online Privacy
Box 927
Pittsfield, MA 01202
413-443-0188
info@hancockshakervillage.org
Privacy Policy
QuicklinksHours & Admission
Group Visits
Directions
FAQs
Donate
Contact Us
Translate
Translate »
Skip to content
Open toolbar
Accessibility Tools
Increase Text
Decrease Text
Grayscale
High Contrast
Negative Contrast
Light Background
Links Underline
Readable Font
Reset
Go to Top