https://harrysfriends.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy:This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information that may be received and collected by Harrysfriends.com and how it is used.Harrysfriends.com values privacy and has strict website integrity and security controls. The privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us.We encourage you to read the following points regarding our privacy policies that may affect you. If you have any concerns please don’t hesitate to contact us.This website and its operation may collect the following types of personal information from you, particularly if you engage in email communication.You enter into email communication with us.We will not sell, rent or knowingly pass on your information to any other organisation or 3rd party.All reasonable security steps are taken by us to protect your personal information. However, we cannot be held liable for any unauthorized access to this information.You can access and update your personal information by contacting us direct. At all times it is essential you have our written acknowledgement of such communication.Complaints about privacyIf you have any complaints about our privacy practices, please feel free to contact us with details of your complaint. We take complaints very seriously and will respond shortly after receiving written notice of your complaint.
Website:
When you visit the website we may collect certain information such as browser type, operating system, website visited immediately before coming to the site, etc.
Log Files, Cookies & Web Beacons
Like many other Web sites, ours may make use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyse trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
As is very common for most websites, ours does use cookies. You do not need to have any fear of cookies; they are not malicious programs that access or damage your computer. Cookies are very small files which a website uses to identify you when you come back to the site and to store details about your use of the site. This website utilises cookies to improve the experience of people using the website.
Third party sites – LINKS
At times, this website may have links to other websites not owned or controlled by us. We are not responsible for the content nor operation of these websites or the consequences of you visiting from the link, to them.
Disclaimer:
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by Harrysfriends.com and while we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose.
Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of or in connection with, the use of this website.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, Harrysfriends.com takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
Terms & Conditions:
If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Harrysfriends.com‘s relationship with you in relation to this website.
The term Harrysfriends.com or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website. The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of this websites terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorized use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offense.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
You may not create a link to this website from another website or document without Harrysfriends.com prior written consent.
Copyright:
This website and its content are copyright of  ©Harrysfriends.com. All rights reserved.Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited other than the following:
You may print or download to a local hard disk extracts for your personal and non-commercial use only.
You may copy the content to individual third parties for their personal use, but only if you acknowledge the website as the source of the material.
You may not, except with our express written permission, distribute or commercially exploit the content. Nor may you transmit it or store it in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system.
Changes to these Policies
Please be aware that we may change theses Policies in the future. The revised versions will be uploaded to the website, so please check back from time to time.
Please contact us if you have any concerns or require more clarification or assistance.
Want to share your favorite story or memory about Harry? Maybe you saw him in concert or grew up listening to his music. Or maybe you’d like to tell us about your favorite Harry Chapin song.
John Doe
Harry
Sorry NO copying available!