http://harvardmagazine.com/about/privacy
toggle
menu
Latest News Current Issue Back Issues Harvard Squared Class Notes Classifieds Donate Subscribe
Search form
Search
Your
independent source for Harvard news since
1898
About Menu
About Harvard MagazineStaff
Harvard Magazine History
Map and Directions
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This page discloses the information-gathering and -dissemination practices for this website, harvardmagazine.com. Information Gathering and UsageWe collect and store e-mail addresses; however, we do not share or sell e-mail addresses or any other personally identifiable information about our Web visitors outside of Harvard—including those visitors who make donations through our site.Besides e-mail addresses, the information we may request on our Web forms includes: names, mailing addresses, telephone numbers, and descriptive information (such as one's Harvard affiliation and graduation year). We use this information to respond to specific requests, to personalize our communications, to communicate with subsets of our target audience, or to allow visitors to identify themselves when making use of such features as Cambridge 02138 (letters to the editor), website comments, and alumni class notes. If you do not wish to use our Web forms, please see our contact page for alternate ways to communicate with Harvard Magazine.Some members of Harvard Magazine's staff are authorized to cross-check information collected by this website against information stored in Harvard University databases (maintained elsewhere). Harvard Magazine does not retain external data; when we are authorized to access Harvard University data, we handle it very carefully, use it only for specific business purposes, and then discard it using secure means.Our Web server generates log files of the IP addresses of computers that access this website and of what files they access. These logs may be archived. We use cookies to maintain a user's identity between Web sessions. Our website uses Google Analytics tracking software. We use it to generate statistical reports and learn how people use our website. We share information about our Web traffic with business partners (such as advertisers), but these reports never contain personally identifiable information. Our website uses third-party ad-serving software to display its advertising. The software is provided by Google AdSense, Google DoubleClick for Publishers, AdSpeed, Oath, and Broad Street Advertising. This software uses cookies to identify unique visitors frequently tracking visitors across multiple websites.Our website uses third-party sharing tools (such as a tool that allows you to e-mail articles to friends by clicking links on our pages). Specifically, we use AddThis.com, which maintains its own privacy policy. This website may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other websites. Users Located in the European Economic AreaIf you are located in the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein or Norway (the "European Economic Area"), please click here for additional information about ways that Harvard Magazine may collect, use, and share information about you. SecurityHarvard Magazine has taken reasonable precautions to secure the personal information collected. The alumni notes and obituaries section of this site, for example, is password-protected to allow access to registered users only. Registration and subsequent access to class notes and obituaries is limited to members of the Harvard community.Systems that relay payment information are PCI-compliant. Contacting UsIf you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this website, or your dealings with this website, please contact our webmaster (webmaster@harvardmag.com). Changes to this Policy Harvard Magazine reserves the right to change this policy from time to time, without advance notice. We will update the effective date whenever this occurs. Effective DateThe effective date of this policy is February 14, 2014. Last updated: May 30, 2018