https://hazeguitars.com/privacy-policy
Repair
Guitars
Blue Collar
Burlesque
Vee-Twin
Bespoke
Books
Sketchy Setups
Solving Intonation Problems
Truss Rods Made Easy
Complete Guitar Wiring
How To
How To Set Intonation
Contact
Make Appointment
Location - Find Haze
Contact
Appointments
Search
Blog
Newsletter
Admin/Housekeeping
Sketchy Setups Thanks
New Subscriber Consent Thank You
Privacy Policy
Email Consent Confirmation
Affiliate Information
Haze GuitarsI’m Gerry Hayes and I run Haze Guitars, located at Rossberry Avenue, Lucan, Dublin, Ireland.Haze Guitars is a small company and that makes me, by default, the Data Protection Officer. All data privacy requests should be sent to me through the contact form (and yes, you have to click the data consent checkbox to send that form — that’s the meta-privacy world we live in).  My Own Privacy PolicyI expect my privacy to be respected and, in a common-sense golden-rule way, I will most certainly respect your privacy. At the end of the day, it’s that simple. I will never sell, rent, or trade your information. No spam. No underhandedness. The longer (but necessary) Privacy PolicyIn common with many websites, some non-personal information is automatically collected through use of the site. In addition, on this website, some personal information is collected in order to manage my customer queries and appointments, to manage and send my email newsletters, and when you buy something.  Service ProvidersLike many other websites, Haze Guitars uses third-party service providers to deliver the site content (like you’re reading now), manage customers questions and appointments, and sell products. Effectively, other companies process data for scheduling, emailing, and payments/fulfillments. I can’t do these things on my own and pay for someone else to do so.I may disclose, and you consent to my disclosing of, the personal information you give me, to service providers who help with my business operations and assist in the delivery of my products and services including, but not limited to, site hosting, maintenance, data analysis, customer service, email delivery services, payment processing, and marketing. Each third-party service, merchant, or payment processor collects and shares your information according to its own privacy policy and terms of service. Haze Guitars is not responsible for the actions of third-party processors or merchants, including how such entities treat your information. You are responsible for knowing and understanding their policies and terms.All of that said, to the best of my knowledge, the third parties I’ve chosen are not up to anything untoward. I trust them with my own personal data as well as the information you provide to allow this website to operate. Types of information collectedNon-personal informationThis site, and its third-party service providers may use a variety of technologies that automatically record certain usage information. For instance, when accessing this site, the host may log your IP address, access URL, time of access, geographic location, browser type, and referral URL in order to provide internal information regarding site traffic statistics, or to identify users using the site for spam purposes. Otherwise, this information is only used in the aggregate, and is never linked to any personal information. CookiesCookies are small pieces of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your hard drive.  This site’s third-party service providers may use cookies (both session cookies and persistent cookies) to analyse trends and track interaction with our site — among other things cookies help determine which areas of this site are popular by tracking hits to those areas. If you want, you can modify your browser preferences and tell it to either reject cookies or ask you to accept them any time one is sent. Disabling cookies does not prevent you accessing this website, but it’s possible that some features of the site will be degraded. Google AnalyticsI use Google Analytics to help understand the use of this website and to, hopefully, improve the site and its search engine placement with a view to being more easily ‘found’.Google, Inc. may use the data collected to track and examine the use of this website, to prepare reports on its activities, and share them with other Google, Inc. services. Further, Google may also use the data collected to contextualise and personalise the ads of its own advertising network. You can view Google’s privacy policy at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.You may opt out of Google Analytics data collection by installing a browser extension. See https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/. Personal informationGenerally, you can visit the Haze Guitars site without revealing any personal information about yourself. However, at times, I may need information from you. For instance, during submission of an email query, booking of a consultation/appointment, subscribing to an email newsletter, or purchasing a product, it will be necessary to ask for some personal information.I’ll breakdown the information required and how it’s used:Email queryIf you contact me through the site, I ask for your name, email address, phone number and a message outlining your query. This information is used only for the purposes of responding to that query and any related follow-up communications. I never use this information for marketing purposes.Consultation/appointment bookingIf you book an appointment with me, I ask for your name, email address, phone number, and a message outlining the subject of your appointment. Obviously, you’ll also specify a date and time for the appointment. This information is used for the purposes of managing that booking, recording work and instrument notes, scheduling collection, and for follow-up communications related to that booking. I never use this information for marketing purposes.Email newslettersIf you signup for my newsletter, or download some free guides or tools, I ask for your email address and (sometimes) your first name. This information is used to send my regular newsletters to you. Occasionally, I’ll tell you about one of my products in the hope you might buy one. That really is pretty occasional, though — mostly it’s just interesting and useful information on guitar and bass stuff and most subscribers like getting it. Email newsletters may use web beacons to track who opened the emails and clicked links. This information may be used to create reports to measure email campaign performance.It’s easy to unsubscribe from email newsletters if you decide you no longer want to receive them. Product salesWhen you purchase a product, you provide your email address and your payment details. Your email address is automatically added to a post-purchase mailing list that provides some additional guitar and bass maintenance information. This is a little bit of a liberty on my part but most people find it really useful. You may, of course, unsubscribe from this at any time. I never see or store your payment details. Although you purchased from Haze Guitars’ site, your payment was not processed here.  Public DataIf you post comments or user content on the website, you should be aware that any information you choose to provide there may be read, collected, or used by anyone.I do not control or endorse the information posted by third-party users, are not liable for your or third-party posts to this site, and specifically disclaim any liability resulting from such posts. Withdrawal of ConsentYou have the right to withdraw consent for me to hold your data. For instance, you have the right to be forgotten and can ask that I delete all data I hold related to you. To make a request, contact me through the contact form.  Third-Party Sites
Sometimes I’ll link to another site as part of an article. This could be to inform readers of a particular piece of news or writing, to recommend further reading, or to point out some tool or service that may be useful.
The inclusion of a link or accessibility of third-party sites does not imply endorsement of such third-party site by me. All trademarks, trade names, and logos of third parties featured on this site belong to their respective owners.
This Policy does not cover any collection, use, or disclosure by third parties through any applications, websites, products, or services that I do NOT control or own, or any third-party features or services made available through this site. By using this site, you expressly relieve Haze Guitars from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website.
As already stated, each third-party service, merchant, or payment processor collects and shares your information according to its own privacy policy and terms of service. Haze Guitars is not responsible for the actions of third-party processors or merchants, including how such entities treat your information. You are responsible for knowing and understanding their policies and terms.
Last updated: May 20th, 2018
GET THE HAZE GUITARS NEWSLETTER
Haze Email Newsletter
First Name
Email Address
*
Privacy Consent
*
You are signing up for my email newsletter so the understanding that you'll receive emails is pretty explicit.
However, in order to comply with privacy regulations, I also need you to provide consent to store and process the information you've entered.
I don't do spam and you can unsubscribe at any time. You can read more in my Privacy Policy.
I consent to having this data stored and used to personalise newsletter emails.
Thanks a lot. Check your inbox for an email for me—you'll need to confirm your subscription there. It might take a few minutes to come through so, don't worry if it's not there immediately. Cheers.