https://holga.net/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
You are hereHome
>
Privacy Policy
Holga.net is committed to bringing you information tailored to your individual needs while protecting the privacy of your information.
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how we collect, use, and disclose information through the websites, mobile applications, and other online services and products that link to or post this Policy (collectively, the “Services”).
Please read the entire Privacy Policy before using our Services.
By using the Services, you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect
You are not required to provide information about yourself when you visit the Services.  However, we may ask you for some or all of the following types of information when you register with our Services, access various content or features, register for contests or sweepstakes, submit comments and other content, order products, or directly contact us with questions or feedback:
Contact information, such as name, e-mail address, postal address, and telephone number;
Username, display name, and password;
Demographic data, such as age information and gender;
Payment information, such as credit card number and expiration date;
Geolocation information;
Communications preferences;
Search queries;
Stories, comments, photos, and other information posted in our interactive online features;
Correspondence and other information that you send to us; and
Additional information as otherwise described to you at the point of collection or under your consent.
We also may collect certain information automatically when you visit the Services, including:
Your browser type and operating system;
Your Internet Protocol (IP) address, which is the number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet, and that can sometimes be used to derive your general geographic area;
Other unique identifiers, including mobile device identification numbers;
Sites you visited before and after visiting the Services;
Pages you view and links you click on within the Services;
Information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other technologies;
Information about your interactions with e-mail messages, such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded; and
Standard Server Log Information
We may use cookies, pixel tags, Local Shared Objects (sometimes referred to as “Flash Cookies”), and similar technologies to automatically collect this information.  Cookies are small bits of information that are stored by your computer’s web browser.  Pixel tags are tiny images or small pieces of data embedded in images, also known as “web beacons” or “clear GIFs,” that can recognize cookies, the time and date a page is viewed, a description of the page where the pixel tag is placed, and similar information from your computer or device.  Local Shared Objects (sometimes referred to as “Flash Cookies”) are similar to regular cookies except that they can be larger and are downloaded to a computer or mobile device by the Adobe Flash media player.
By using the Services, you consent to our use of cookies and similar technologies.  You can decide if and how your computer will accept a cookie by configuring your preferences or options in your browser.  However, if you choose to reject cookies, you may not be able to use certain online products, services or features of the Services.
Use of Information
We may use information that we collect through the Services for a variety of purposes, including to:
Provide you with the products, promotions, services, newsletters, and information you request and respond to correspondence that we receive from you;
Customize and personalize your use of the Services;
Provide holga.net  users with premium content, products, promotions, and information;
Contact you via email and otherwise about products, services, and events that we think might be of interest to you;
Contact you with surveys, legal notices, and other information that may be relevant to your use of the Services;
Maintain or administer the Services, perform business analyses, or for other internal purposes to improve the quality of our business, the Services, and other products and services we offer;
Publish stories, comments, and other information posted in our interactive online features;
Process employment applications and inquiries; and
As otherwise described to you at the point of collection or under your consent.
Sharing of Information
We are committed to maintaining your trust, and we want you to understand when and with whom we may share the information we collect.
Corporate Parents, Affiliates, and Subsidiaries.We may share your information with our corporate parents, subsidiaries, and other affiliated entities for a variety of purposes, including business, operational, and marketing purposes.
Service Providers.We may share your information with service providers that perform certain functions or services on our behalf, such as to host the Services, manage databases, host a store or other e-commerce platform, perform analyses, or send communications to us.
Select Business Partners.We may share your information with select business partners so that they can provide you with special offers, promotional materials, and other documents that may be of interest to you. However, holga.net is not responsible for the privacy practices of these business partners, which may use your information for their purposes.
Other Parties When Required By Law or as Necessary to Protect the Services.We may disclose your information to third parties in order to protect the legal rights, safety, and security of holga.net our corporate parents, affiliates, and subsidiaries. The users of our Services; enforce our Terms of Use; prevent fraud (or for risk management purposes); and comply with or respond to law enforcement or legal process or a request for cooperation by a government or other entity, whether or not legally required.
In Connection With a Transfer of Assets.If we sell all or part of our business, or make a sale or transfer of assets, or are otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, or in the event of bankruptcy, we may transfer your information to one or more third parties as part of that transaction.
Other Parties With Your Consent.We may share information about you with third parties when you consent to such sharing, including when you post information to a user profile or a public area of the Services, such as a chat room, forum, blog, or other community tools.
Aggregate Information.We may disclose to third parties information that does not describe or identify individual users, such as aggregate website usage data or demographic reports.
We may allow third parties to place and read their cookies, web beacons, Local Shared Objects, and similar technologies to collect information through the Services.  For example, our third-party service providers may use these technologies to collect information that helps us with traffic measurement, research, and analytics.  Local Shared Objects (sometimes referred to as “Flash Cookies”) are similar to regular cookies except that they can be larger and are downloaded to a computer or mobile device by the Adobe Flash media player.
Please note that you may need to take additional steps beyond changing your browser settings to refuse or disable Local Shared Objects and similar technologies.  For example, Local Shared Objects can be controlled through the instructions on Adobe’s Setting Manager page.   If you choose to refuse, disable, or delete these technologies, some of the functionality of the Services may no longer be available to you.
Holga.net does not share information that it collects with third parties for the third party’s direct marketing purposes.
Data Security
We maintain reasonable security procedures to help protect against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of the information you provide to us.
Please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  As a result, while we strive to protect your information and privacy, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and cannot be responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your information.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account password and for any access to or use of the Services using your password, whether or not authorized by you.
Please notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security.
Children’re Privacy
The Services do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose personal information from children under the age of 13 without prior parental consent, except as permitted by the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”).
Social Networking Services
Holga.net has worked with certain third-party social media providers to offer you their social networking services through our Services.  For example, you can use third-party social networking services, including but not limited to Facebook, Twitter, and others to share information about your experience on our Services with your friends and followers on those social networking services.
These social networking services may be able to collect information about you, including your activity on our Services.  These third-party social networking services also may notify your friends, both on our Services and on the social networking services themselves, that you are a user of our Services or about your use of our Services, by applicable law and their privacy policies.
If you choose to access or make use of third-party social networking services, we may receive information about you that you have made available to those social networking services, including information about your contacts on those social networking services.
You also may be able to link an account from a social networking service (e.g., Facebook, Twitter) to an account through our Services.  This may allow you to use your credentials from the other site or service to sign in to certain features on our Services.  If you link your account from a third-party site or service, we may collect information from those third-party accounts, and any information that we collect will be governed by this Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy Updates
We may modify this Privacy Policy at any time by posting revisions to the Services or other appropriate notice.
Your continued use of the Services after any modification to the Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of the new terms and conditions.
Links to Third Party Sites and Services
The Services may contain links to other websites or online services that are operated and maintained by third parties and that are not under the control of or maintained by holga.net.  Such links do not constitute an endorsement by holga.net of those other websites, the content displayed therein, or the persons or entities associated in addition to that.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to this third-party content.  We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third-party websites or services.
International Users
Please note that the Services are directed towards users who reside in the United States.
By using the Services, you consent to the collection, storage, processing, and transfer of your information in and to the United States, or other countries and territories, under the laws of the United States.
While some of these countries may not offer the same level of privacy protection as your own, holga.net commits to uphold the privacy protections as explained in this Policy.
Your California Privacy Rights
It is our policy not to share your personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
Some web browsers may transmit “do-not-track” signals to the websites with which the user communicates.  Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them.
Because there currently is no industry standard concerning what, if anything, websites should do when they receive such signals,  holga.net  currently does not take action in response to these signals.  If and when a final standard is established and accepted, we will reassess how to respond to these messages.
Communications Preferences
You may choose to receive promotional emails, newsletters, and similar communications from us.  You may opt out of receiving commercial emails from us by clicking on the opt-out or “unsubscribe” link included in the commercial e-mails you receive.  Please note that opt-out requests may take up to 10 business days to be effective.
Your opt-out request will not apply to messages that you request or that are not commercial in nature.  For example, we may contact you concerning any purchases you have made with us, even if you opt out of receiving unsolicited commercial email messages.
Related Posts:Equipment To Be Used For Quality Aerial Photographs…How Thermal Technology Improves FirefightingFind The Best Thermal Cameras Depending On Your UseUsing Infrared Photography To Enhance Your PortfolioFind The Best Camera For The Beginner, Hobbyist, or…Aerial Photography
Search for:
Recent Posts
Find The Best Thermal Cameras Depending On Your Use
Using Infrared Photography To Enhance Your Portfolio
Equipment To Be Used For Quality Aerial Photographs And Videos
Find The Best Camera For The Beginner, Hobbyist, or Professional Photographer
How Thermal Technology Improves Firefighting
Aerial Photography
Photography Tips/Tricks
Popular Cameras
Equipment To Be Used For Quality Aerial Photographs And Videos
0 Comments
Aerial Photography
0 Comments
One of the Best Drones for Aerial Photography
0 Comments
Using Infrared Photography To Enhance Your Portfolio
0 Comments
Photography Tricks and Tips That Are Super Cool
0 Comments
6 Great Aerial Photography Tips For Beginners
0 Comments
Find The Best Camera For The Beginner, Hobbyist, or Professional Photographer
0 Comments
Two Of The Best DSLR Cameras
0 Comments
Popular Camera- Nikon D5300 Review
0 Comments
Archives
August 2020
March 2020
October 2019
June 2019
February 2019
October 2018
December 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
August 2016
July 2016
Categories
Aerial Photography
Photography Tips/Tricks
Popular Cameras
Thermal Imaging Camera
Top