http://hollywoodmusic.tv/privacy-policy
Home
About
Store
Contact
Legal Stuff
Select a Category
No categories
Legal Stuff
Privacy PolicyYour privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
Introduction
HMI wants to help you make the most of your visit to our web sites, and that includes helping to protect your personal privacy. Most of the features on our web sites are offered without collecting any Personal Information from you. You can surf HMI’s web sites and view much of our content anonymously. For those areas of our web sites and services that do require us to collect Personal Information, this Privacy Policy will tell you what you need to know to make good decisions for yourself and your family.
This Privacy Policy discloses when and how we collect, use, share, and safeguard information from this web site. The Personal Information we collect depends on what you do when you visit our sites or use the various products or services we offer. This Privacy Policy also explains what to do if you do not want to provide Personal Information when you visit our web sites, and how to correct or change information you have already provided to us.
By using this web site, you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy, as posted in this area of the site. If you do not agree with any terms or practices described in this Privacy Policy, please do not use our web sites.
As used in this Privacy Policy, “Personal Information” means personally identifiable information, such as your name, street address, telephone number, date of birth and e-mail address. When Personal Information is collected, you will know because you will have to fill out a form on the web site.
Children
HMI is committed to providing special protection for the privacy of children who may visit our web sites. HMI is also committed to fully complying with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). We encourage parents to spend time online with their children, become familiar with the features of our web sites and participate in the activities offered on our web sites. Our protections for the privacy of children include the following:
We do not knowingly collect, use or retain any Personal Information, for any purpose whatsoever (including internal or external marketing or promotional purposes), from visitors to this web site who are age 12 or younger. In addition, we will delete any records of such Personal Information that come to our attention.
Since we do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from visitors to this web site who are age 12 or younger, we do not disclose or transfer any such information to third parties.
We do not request any visitor to provide any information about their family members, friends or other persons.
We do not allow visitors who are age 12 or younger to be listed in any directory of registered users, to participate in any of our chat services, to register for contests, sweepstakes, promotions, or newsletters, or to receive direct marketing from HMI or from our third-party affiliates or service or product providers.
Special Note to Parents
If you become aware that your child has provided us with Personal Information at one of our web sites, we invite you to notify us so that we may delete the information from our records and discontinue any related features or services (see Opt-Out below). We appreciate your cooperation in assisting us to provide a safe and enjoyable online experience for your children.
Collection of Personal Information
HMI collects limited Personal Information from visitors to our web sites in the following ways:
Subscriptions to our free monthly newsletters, which include updates, special offers and promotions from HMI’s entities only.
Participation in contests and sweepstakes.
E-mail transmitted via various links on our web sites.
The use of any of these services is entirely optional and voluntary; however, if you do not provide the Personal Information requested, we may elect to not make the related services available for your use. If you send us an e-mail in which you disclose Personal Information, we will use it to discuss the subject of your correspondence and, if appropriate, share it with other interested parties (such as manufacturers of merchandise you have purchased from a web site).
If you send us an e-mail, you should know that e-mail is not necessarily secure against interception. So, if your communication for some reason needs to include sensitive information, please contact us by postal mail or telephone (see contact us below) rather than e-mail.
Cookies
In order to track your use of the site, “cookies” may be employed. Cookies are pieces of information that are sent by web sites and stored in your computer’s hard drive, which provide you a service by allowing us to recognize your computer to save you from having to re-enter the same data every time you visit our web sites. They also allow us to learn how visitors use our web sites. This user data is aggregated for tracking purposes primarily by tallying pages viewed throughout our web sites and logging Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses and browser types.
Aggregated usage data enables us to tailor our content to our visitors’ interests and to help our advertisers better understand the preferences of our audience. Providing such usage data to advertisers is essential to keeping as many of our services free to visitors as is reasonably possible. This information does not reveal your identity although, in some cases, we may have to combine this non-identifiable information with Personal Information to enforce compliance with our Terms of Service or to protect our service, web sites, visitors or others.
In the course of serving advertisements to the site, our third-party advertisers may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser.
If you do not want to receive cookies, you may set your browser to reject them. However, if you turn cookies off, you will not have access to some HMI features and services. Visitors From Outside the United States
All Personal Information collected at our web sites is collected and stored in the United States. By submitting Personal Information to this web site, you are consenting to the storage of your Personal Information in the United States.
How We Use Your Information
We limit the manner in which your Personal Information is used. We use Personal Information to provide you the products and services you want, to better understand and serve the needs of the HMI community, and to provide news and information to community members on new content, products and features of the web sites via direct e-mail. If you have registered with us and do not want to be contacted in the future by HMI or our advertising partners, please see Opt-Out below.
Finally, please note that we will release your Personal Information if required to do so by law, or by search warrant, subpoena or court order.
Links to Third Party Web Sites
Please be advised that this web site contains certain hyperlinks to other web sites, some of which may display HMI’s logos or other HMI content. These web sites may have privacy policies; however, all of these web sites and their privacy policies are independent of our web sites or this Privacy Policy. HMI is not responsible for compliance with other web sites’ privacy policies or data collection practices. You should review these privacy policies carefully before providing any Personal Information to these web sites.
Third Party Ad Servers
The ads appearing on this Web site are sometimes delivered to you third-party ad servers, or in certain instances, by other third party advertising companies, our Web advertising partners. Information about your visit to this site, such as number of times you have viewed an ad, date/time at which the ads were shown, the advertisers’ cookies, and IP address (but not your, address, or other personal information), is used to serve ads to you on this site. In addition, we share web site usage information about visitors to our sites with these companies for the purposes of managing and targeting advertisements, measuring their effectiveness, and for market research analysis on our site and other sites. For these purposes, we and our third-party advertising company may note some of the pages you visit on our site. For more information about this or cookies, please review their privacy policy.
Limitations on Use of Personal Information
We will only use or retain your Personal Information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy, and only for so long as is needed to fulfill your requests, support the services you have requested or comply with the law.
Opt-Out
Any feature on our web sites requiring registration allows you to opt-out from receiving any newsletters, product offers, or other correspondence from either us or our business affiliates. In addition, if after registering, you would no longer like to receive any such materials or correspondence, send an e-mail to the address below. Indicate your preference to unsubscribe and we will promptly remove you from our list. Please be sure to include your name and e-mail address in the e-mail. You will need to send separate e-mails if you are registered for more than one of our features or services.
If you believe your child (age 12 or younger) has provided us with Personal Information and/or is receiving access to certain features or services, including marketing communications, we invite you to notify us via e-mail at the below e-mail address. We will delete this Personal Information and/or discontinue your child’s access to the related features or services.
Access/ Correct/ Update Personal Information
If you would like to correct or update your Personal Information, including providing a new e-mail address, send an e-mail to the below address. Please be sure to include your old e-mail address.
Changes in This Privacy Policy
HMI reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes here and we will change the “Last Updated” date at the top of this page. We encourage you to visit this area frequently to stay informed.
Contact Us
If you have any comments or questions about this Privacy Policy, please send to the below e-mail address.
You may also contact at us by postal mail at:
Hollywood Music
c/o Privacy Matters
PO Box 25084
Anaheim, CA 92825
Or, send an e-mail to complaints(at)hollywoodmusic.tv
Complaints
If you wish to lodge a complaint about any conduct that you believe is not consistent with the terms of this Privacy Policy, please contact:
Hollywood Music
c/o Concerns
PO Box 25084
Anaheim, CA 92825
Google Adsense and the DoubleClick DART CookieGoogle, as a third party advertisement vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. The use of DART cookies by Google enables them to serve adverts to visitors that are based on their visits to this website as well as other sites on the internet.
To opt out of the DART cookies you may visit the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following url http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html Tracking of users through the DART cookie mechanisms are subject to Google’s own privacy policies.
Other Third Party ad servers or ad networks may also use cookies to track users activities on this website to measure advertisement effectiveness and other reasons that will be provided in their own privacy policies, Hollywood Music has no access or control over these cookies that may be used by third party advertisers.
Copyright & Trademark NoticeThe textual, photographic, video, audio, and combined audiovisual programs and products resulting from Hollywood Music, Inc.’s events and television programs, including the material contained in this web site, are protected under U.S. and international laws as copyrighted works. Anyone who displays, reproduces, copies, creates derivative works, or sells our textual, photographic, video or audiovisual programs for commercial or non-commercial purposes without our permission violates the copyright laws and is liable for copyright infringement.
Likewise, Hollywood Music, Inc.’s trademarks and service marks, including not only its world famous HMI and HMI marks, but also the names of its shows, like “Head Full of Metal” and “Punk Out with Your Junk Out” are protected by state, federal, and international trademark laws. Any person who uses our marks for commercial or non-commercial purposes without our permission on goods or services in such a way that it dilutes the distinctive quality of our marks or that creates the likelihood of confusion with our marks is liable for trademark infringement.
Liability for copyright or trademark infringement involves the potential for significant civil damages, including in particular cases, statutory damages, liability for up to three times actual damages, and attorneys fees.
If you have any questions regarding this notice, please send an e-mail to permission(at)hollywoodmusic.tv
Collection of Personal InformationWhen visiting Hollywood Music, the IP address used to access the site will be logged along with the dates and times of access. This information is purely used to analyze trends, administer the site, track users movement and gather broad demographic information for internal use. Most importantly, any recorded IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Terms & ConditionsPLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEB SITE.
This web site is owned and operated by Hollywood Music, Inc. (“HMI” ). By using this web site, you signify your agreement to these terms and conditions of use (“Terms of Use”). If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, please do not use this web site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add to, or remove portions of these Terms of Use at any time. We suggest that you review these Terms of Use periodically for changes. Your use of this web site after the posting of changes to these Terms of Use will mean you accept the changes. HMI may also offer other services from time to time that are governed by different terms and conditions of use. This website is based in the United States. By submitting personal information to this website, you consent to your information being maintained in the United States, subject to applicable U.S. laws. U.S. laws may be different than the law of your home country.
COPYRIGHT AND RESTRICTIONS ON USE OF MATERIALS
OWNERSHIP AND RESTRICTIONS ON USE OF MATERIALS
All materials contained on this web site are the copyrighted property of HMI and its affiliates and/or our third party licensors. All trademarks, service marks and trade names, including but not limited to the HMI and HMI marks, as well as the names of its superstars, are proprietary to HMI or its affiliates and are protected by state, federal and international trademark laws.
The textual, photographic, video, audio and combined audiovisual programs and products resulting from HMI’s events and television programs, including the material contained in this web site, are protected under United States and international copyright laws as copyrighted works. No materials from this web site may be copied, reproduced, republished uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed in any way without the express written permission of HMI. For purposes of these Terms of Use, the use of any such materials on any other web site or computer environment is prohibited without the express written permission of HMI.
Anyone who displays, reproduces, copies, creates derivative works or sells our textual, photographic, video or audiovisual programs for commercial or non-commercial purposes without permission from HMI violates the copyright laws and is liable for copyright infringement. Any person who uses HMI’s marks for commercial purposes without HMI’s permission on goods or for services in such a way that it dilutes the distinctive quality of HMI’s marks or that creates a likelihood of confusion with HMI’s marks is liable for trademark infringement.
If you download software or applications from any HMI web site, the software or applications, including any files, images incorporated in or generated by the software or applications, and data and instructions accompanying the software or applications (collectively, the “Software”) are licensed to you by HMI or our third party licensors for your personal, non-commercial home use only. We do not transfer title to the Software to you, and HMI (or our third party licensors) retains full and complete title to the Software and all intellectual property rights in the Software. You may not redistribute, sell, de-compile, reverse engineer, disassemble or otherwise reduce any of the Software to readable form.
If you have any questions regarding this notice, please send an email to permission(at)hollywoodmusic.com.
PRIVACY AND SECURITY
HMI takes the issue of your privacy seriously. We do not share your information with anyone. For more information on how HMI and our affiliates use and protect the personal information you may provide through this web site, please click the button bar on the bottom of this website to review our Privacy Policy.
Please keep in mind that whenever you provide personal information online – for example, via message boards or chat – that information can be collected and used by people you don’t know. While HMI strives to protect your personal information and privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online; you make such disclosures at your own risk. You may not use or attempt to use this web site to collect personal information about other persons or in any other manner that is inconsistent with another person’s privacy or personal data protection rights.
MONITORING OF WEB SITE
HMI expressly reserves the right to monitor any and all uses of this web site. However, HMI is under no obligation to do so, and we assume no responsibility or liability arising from or relating to the content of any transmissions by third parties to or through this web site or for any error, omission, defamatory or libelous statement, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity or inaccuracy contained in any information transmitted by third parties to or through any location on this web site. You may not post or transmit any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, inflammatory, pornographic or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law or any of these Terms of Use, or any other term or condition of use posted on this web site. HMI reserves the right to cooperate fully with law enforcement authorities or court orders requesting or directing HMI to disclose the identity of anyone transmitting any such materials to or through this web site. HMI may also disclose such information if we have a good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property or personal safety of HMI, our third party licensors, customers or the public.
SUBMISSIONS
At times, HMI may solicit from visitors to this web site information that includes but is not limited to, creative ideas, concepts, know-how, techniques, suggestions, ideas, artwork or other materials. Of course, visitors to this web site have the ability to submit information of this type to us at any time even if we do not solicit it. Collectively this type of information, whether solicited by us or not, is referred to as “Submissions”. By submitting any Submission, whether solicited by us or not, you are automatically granting HMI a perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide and irrevocable right and license to sell, rent, transfer, sub-license, use, reproduce, modify, publish, translate, prepare derivative works based upon, distribute, perform or display such Submissions, in whole or in part, in any form, media or technology known or hereafter developed for any purpose, including, but not limited to, advertising and promotional purposes (collectively, “Rights”). This grant of Rights means that all Submissions will be owned by HMI and may be used by HMI for any purpose, now or in the future, without any payment to, or further authorization by, you. All Submissions, whether solicited or unsolicited, shall become and remain the property of HMI. HMI also has the right, but not the obligation, to use your name or the name of any entity owned or controlled by you in connection with the broadcast, print, online or other use or publication of your Submission. We assume no responsibility for reviewing such Submissions and we will not incur any liability as a result of any similarities between your Submissions and future HMI products or programs. In submitting a Submission to us, you represent that you have no reasonable basis to believe that the use of any such Submission by us would infringe upon the rights of any third-party.
THIRD-PARTY CONTENT
Please exercise discretion while browsing the Internet or using this web site. You should be aware that while using this web site you could be directed to other web sites by links and other features found on this web site. If you click on those links or other features, you may be visiting a web site that is not owned or operated by HMI and over which HMI has no control. For example, if you click on a banner advertisement, the click may take you to the web site of a company that is not related to HMI and over which HMI has no control. This includes links from advertisers, sponsors, content partners and other users that may use our logo(s) as part of a co-branding or affiliate agreement. These other web sites may collect data, solicit personal information and generate cookies on your computer in a manner different from our web sites. These other web sites may also contain information that you may find inappropriate or offensive.
HMI is in no way responsible for the content or availability of information found on any web site owned by a third party that may be linked to HMI’s web sites by a hyperlink, whether such hyperlink is provided by HMI or by a third party. By providing access to third party web sites or advertisements, HMI is not endorsing the products or services provided by the owner or operator of such web sites. Consequently, we will not be liable or responsible for the accuracy, relevancy, reliability, copyright compliance, legality or decency of material contained in third party web sites linked to this web site. We cannot ensure that you will be satisfied with any products or services you purchase from a third party web site that links to or from this web site or that you purchase through third party advertising or content on this web site. We do not make any representations or warranties as to the security of any information (including, without limitation, credit card and other personal information) you might be requested to give any third party, and you hereby irrevocably waive any claim against us with respect to the products, services and content of third party web sites, including third party web sites accessible by links from this web site. We strongly encourage you to make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online or offline transaction.
DISCLAIMER
THE MATERIALS ON THIS WEB SITE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS OR MATERIALS ON THIS WEB SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THIS WEB SITE OR THE SERVERS THAT MAKE SUCH MATERIALS AND FUNCTIONS AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. WE DO NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE MATERIALS ON THIS WEB SITE IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE. YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY MAINTENANCE, SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION TO THE EQUIPMENT AND SOFTWARE YOU USE TO ACCESS THIS WEB SITE. APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
INDEMNIFICATION
To the extent we have assigned to you an account through this web site, you are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and for all activities that occur under your account. You hereby indemnify, defend and hold HMI and our affiliates, officers, directors, owners, agents, information providers, licensors and licensees (collectively, the “Indemnified Parties”) harmless from and against any and all liabilities and costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) incurred by the Indemnified Parties in connection with any claim arising out of any breach by you of these Terms of Use (or claims arising from your account). You agree to use your best efforts to cooperate with us in the defense of any claim. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE, SHALL WE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THIS WEB SITE OR MATERIALS OR FUNCTIONS ON THIS WEB SITE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY OR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN NO EVENT SHALL OUR TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE, OR OTHERWISE) EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU TO HMI, IF ANY, FOR ACCESSING THIS WEB SITE.
JURISDICTIONAL ISSUES
This web site is controlled and operated by or on behalf of HMI and its affiliates. We make no representation that materials or products offered on this web site are appropriate or available for use in any particular location. Those who choose to access this web site do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with all applicable national and local laws. Software and products downloaded or purchased from this site are further subject to United States export controls. No software or products offered on this site may be downloaded, shipped or otherwise exported or re-exported (i) into (or to a national or resident of) Cuba, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Iran, Syria, or any other country to which the U.S. has embargoed goods; or (ii) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department’s Table of Deny Orders. By purchasing products or downloading or using the Software offered on this web site, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list.
TERMINATION
We may terminate your access to this web site immediately and without notice if in our sole discretion you fail to comply with any term or provision of these Terms of Use or any other term or condition of use posted on this web site. Upon termination of your use of this web site, you must cease use the web site and destroy all materials obtained from the web site and all copies of such materials. If you have any problems with this web site or your use of this web site or with these Terms of Use, your sole and exclusive remedy is to cease using this web site.
GENERAL PROVISION
These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Connecticut and is subject to applicable copyright and intellectual property laws, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these Terms of Use shall be filed only in the state or federal courts located in Fairfield County, Connecticut and you hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating any such action. If any provision of these Terms of Use shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms of Use and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions of these Terms of Use. These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between us relating to your use of this web site.
Changes to this Privacy StatementThe contents of this statement may be altered at any time, at our discretion.
If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of Hollywood Music then you may contact us at info(at)hollywoodmusic.tv
Last updated Tue, 02 Mar 2010 02:31
Search the Website
Support Hollywood Music TV
© MMX, Hollywood Music. All Rights Reserved.