https://homemcr.org/about/policies/privacy/
Privacy statement
HOME (Greater Manchester Arts Centre Limited) is committed to handling and storing personal information in compliance with the terms of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). This applies whether the information is obtained directly from individuals through the HOME website by completing web forms or by other means such as phone calls, e-mail, printed forms, or in person. It also applies to information obtained from publicly available sources.
In all instances HOME is the data controller.
This privacy statement applies to external stakeholders (visitors) and participants in HOME Engagement and Talent Development programmes. A separate privacy policy is in place for staff, artists and freelancers providing a service to HOME. As such, not all the processes listed in this policy with relate to all individuals.
Whose information do we collect?
We collect personal information about the following categories of people:
Audience members
Subscribers
Supporters – Friends, Patrons
Donors
People hiring the building, or spaces within it
Enquirers
Media and press
Participants in engagement or talent development activities
Other stakeholders
What information do we collect?
Depending on the nature of your relationship with HOME, we may collect some or all of the following information:
Biographical – name, title, previous surname, date of birth or age, gender, ethnicity, faith, or information that indicates your socio-economic status
Contact details – postal address, email address, phone number
Current interests and preferences
Access requirement
Medical information
Occupation and professional activities
Record of donations or payments (payment for tickets and regular donations are managed through a third party – bank account details are retained only for the purposes of processing direct debits)
Attendance at events
We will only collect this information when there is a legitimate reason for doing so.
How do we collect the information?
Information is collected under the following circumstances:
Booking tickets/merchandise/gift vouchers/memberships online, in person or over the phone
Subscribing to HOME mailing lists or other marketing communications
Becoming a supporter of HOME
Providing information via surveys about visitor experience
Taking part in a competition on social media
Through personal contact with a staff member or trustee
From publicly available sources
Enrolling on to or applying to an engagement or talent development programme
HOME’s restaurant is run by a separate company. Although their online table booking system appears on HOME’s website, data is not collected or retained by HOME.
When you provide contact details you will be asked if you would like to receive further information from HOME. You will also be offered the opportunity to opt-out every time we communicate with you. If you have an online account, you can also log in at any time and update your preferences.
We use ‘Cookies’ on our website to allow us to see how our website is used and to improve our services to you. None of this information identifies you personally. For more information see below.
Why do we collect the information?
We collect the information in order to:
provide and manage services, such as attendance at free and charged events
manage contact with, and provide information to, supporters
communicate news about HOME
communicate news about events at HOME
issue invitations to HOME events
administer donations, including Gift Aid
understand who our audience is to improve our services, or to provide information to funders or visiting companies (we will only share information with visiting companies if you have given your consent to do so)
Identify potential donors and sources of funding for, amongst other activities, learning and engagement, talent development, capital projects and our artistic programme
Provide an appropriate environment, schedule, or level of support to participants in engagement or talent development activities
Respond to emergency situations appropriately for participants in engagement or talent development activities and their families
We use tools to assist us with providing targeted information to our stakeholders, such as art-form specific event communications. We may occasionally use profiling services provided by trusted third party organisations for the same purpose. We also gather information from publicly available third party resources, e.g. directories, charity registers, to assist us with identifying stakeholders who might be approached for financial support.
Under the terms of the GDPR the lawful bases for processing personal information are:
we need it to fulfil a contract (e.g. ticket purchase);
we need it to pursue our legitimate interests including by communicating with current and potential supporters; and/or,
you have given your consent for us to do so.
Who collects the information?
Information is collected by, and on behalf of, HOME. It may be shared by departments within HOME in order for us to undertake a range of communications activities, both electronically, in print and through other channels.
Only where you explicitly consent for us to do so we will share your information with third parties which will usually be our funders of specific programmes.
How long do we hold the information?
Information is retained for as long as necessary for the purpose for which it is required, and in line with HOME’s Retention Schedule.
We want to be sure that we have the most up-to-date information for you. If you discover that we have outdated information, such as address, e-mail address or change of name, please contact us via updateme@homemcr.org. If you purchase tickets online for HOME you can update your information yourself by logging into your account or contacting our Box Office.
Where your information is stored
Your information is stored on secure, password protected databases and networks. Access to the information is given only to staff with the appropriate authorisation. Data is held mainly in the United Kingdom with some on servers within the European Union.
CCTV
HOME operates CCTV camera surveillance throughout the building and on the perimeter of the premises. The system is in place for the purposes of reducing the threat of crime generally, protecting HOME’s premises and helping to ensure the safety of HOME’s staff and visitors. The images are stored securely and monitored in a controlled space. Images may be shared with Greater Manchester Police if required for the investigation of crime.
Photography
HOME uses photography and film at events to promote its activities, build new audiences and report to funders. These images may be used on our website, social media channels and in written reports to funders. Any events being photographed will be clearly signposted to make the public aware. Public may request not to be photographed. We will seek parental consent to take photographs of children and young people under the age of 18.
Your rights
You have the right to request copies of any of your data held by HOME. If you would like to request this, please e-mail datarequest@HOMEmcr.org.
You have the right to have your data rectified or erased. If you would like to request this, please e-mail updateme@HOMEmcr.org or eraseme@HOMEmcr.org.
If you no longer want us to use or process your data, you can opt out at any time via the unsubscribe link included in emails or contact the Data Protection team on dataprotection@HOMEmcr.org.
Contact and complaints
If you have any queries or complaints about this policy please contact
Data Protection, HOME, 2 Tony Wilson Place, Manchester M15 4FN or send an e-mail to dataprotection@HOMEmcr.org.
If you are dissatisfied with HOME’s response to your request for access to your data, or handling of your request to rectify or erase your data, you may contact the Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire SK9 5AF Tel.: 0303 123 1113 https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
Use of cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
The website uses Google Analytics to collect statistical data – please visit Google Analytics Terms Of Service for full details.
Changes to this privacy policy
If this privacy policy changes in any way, we will place an updated version on this page.
Who to contact about the policy
Please email info@homemcr.org or call 0161 200 1500.
For our Freelancers and Artists Privacy Policy, click here.
Navigation
Our policies
Accessibility
Terms of Use
Privacy