http://honeybfly.mariahcarey.com/terms
Press enter to begin your search
(Effective October 31, 2002; last modified March 14, 2017)Welcome! The following are the terms of use ("Terms") that govern your use of the websites and applications where this appears (collectively, the "Site"). Our Privacy Policy and any other policies, rules or guidelines that may be applicable to particular offers or features on the Site are also incorporated into these Terms. By visiting or using the Site, you expressly agree to these Terms, as updated from time to time.We may make changes to these Terms at any time. Any changes we make will be effective immediately when we post a revised version of these Terms on the Site. The "Last modified" date above will tell you when these Terms were last revised. By continuing to use this Site after that date, you agree to the changes.While some of the events listed on the Site may appeal to children, the Site is not targeted at children under the age of 13, and they are not permitted to use the Site.  We strongly encourage all parents and guardians to monitor the Internet use by their children. If you use the Site, you affirm you are at least 13 years old.Account RegistrationYou may browse the Site without registering for an account. You may be required to register for an account to use certain features of the Site. Your account username may not include the name of another person with the intent to impersonate that person, or be offensive, vulgar or obscene. Your account username and password are personal to you. You will be responsible for the confidentiality and use of your username and password, and for all activities (including purchases) that are conducted through your account. You may not transfer or sell access to your account. We will not be liable for any harm related to disclosure of your username or password or the use by anyone else of your username or password. You may not use another user's account without that user's permission. You will immediately notify us in writing if you discover any unauthorized use of your account or other account-related security breach. We may require you to change your username and/or password if we believe your account is no longer secure or if we receive a complaint that your username violates someone else's rights. You will have no ownership in your account or your username. We may refuse registration, cancel an account or deny access to the Site for any reason.Fan Club Membership and Ticket PurchasesFan club membership may be required to purchase certain tickets offered via the Site. You may join the fan club by submitting an application and paying the appropriate fees. Unless otherwise stated, memberships are for one year. We may change the terms of membership, including the fees, if you renew your membership. We will grant only one membership per person. If we determine that a single person has joined (or attempted to join) more than once, or if we receive multiple membership applications from a single and/or cluster of e-mail addresses verified to single person, we may cancel all applicable memberships and invalidate any tickets purchase via the membership(s). We may offer certain tickets or ticket packages as a benefit to fan club members. Tickets purchased on our Site are typically subject to a per ticket service fee and a non-refundable per order processing fee. In many cases, delivery prices will also be owed. You may be limited to a specified number of tickets for each event (also known as a "ticket limit"). This ticket limit is posted during the purchase process and is verified with every transaction. This policy is in effect to discourage unfair ticket buying practices. We reserve the right to cancel any or all orders and tickets without notice to you if you exceed the posted limits. This includes orders associated with the same name, e-mail address, billing address, credit card number or other information.Orders are processed only after a billing address, and other billing information, has been verified. Occasionally, we receive incorrect billing or credit card account information for a ticket order that can delay processing and delivery. In these cases, we will attempt to contact you, using the information provided at the time of purchase. If we are unable to reach you after our initial attempt, we may cancel your order and may sell your tickets to another customer without further notice.If you do not receive a confirmation number (in the form of a confirmation page or email) after submitting payment information, or if you experience an error message or service interruption after submitting payment information, it is your responsibility to confirm whether or not your order has been placed. Only you may be aware of any problems that may occur during the purchase process. We will not be responsible for losses (monetary or otherwise) if you assume that an order was not placed because you failed to receive confirmation.Different combinations of delivery methods may be offered, depending on factors that include the venue or country where the event is to be held, the country in which you live, how much time is left before the event starts, whether it is a holiday season and the nature of the demand for the event. Please carefully review the list of delivery methods offered during the purchase process. For security purposes, we can only ship tickets to the billing address on file with the credit card company that is used for your purchase.Opening acts or guests may sometimes tour with headlining performers. We are not always made aware of opening acts or the length of their performances. Opening acts, as well as festival performers, are subject to change or cancellation at any time without notice. No refund will be owed if an opening act or festival performer is changed or canceled.Before purchasing tickets, carefully review your event and seat selection. We will not issue exchanges or refunds after a ticket has been purchased or for lost, stolen, damaged or destroyed tickets.Occasionally, concerts are canceled or postponed. Should this occur, we will attempt to contact you to inform you of refund or exchange procedures for that concert. For exact instructions on any canceled or postponed concert, please check the concert information online or contact us. If the event was moved or rescheduled, we may be able to substitute tickets with comparable or better seat locations in our discretion. Please contact us for more information if you cannot attend the rescheduled event.You agree that you will not attempt to evade, avoid, or circumvent any refund prohibitions in any manner with regard to tickets you purchased. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you will not contact us to seek a refund or exchange from us when we are prohibited from providing one, and you will not dispute or otherwise seek a "chargeback" from the company whose credit card you used to purchase tickets from the Site. Should you do so, your tickets may be canceled, and we may, in its sole discretion, refuse to honor pending and future ticket purchases made from all credit card accounts or online accounts on which such chargebacks have been made, and may prohibit all persons in whose name the credit card accounts exist and any person who accesses any associated online account or credit card or who otherwise breaches this provision from using the Site.If we are able to issue you a refund for a ticket due to a canceled or postponed event, we will issue a refund of the ticket’s face value paid (or, for a discounted ticket, then instead the discounted ticket price paid) and all service fees. In no event will delivery charges or any other amounts be refunded. If a refund is issued, it will be issued using the same method of payment that was used to purchase the tickets. We will not be liable for travel or any other expenses that you or anyone else incurs in connection with a canceled or postponed event.If the amount you pay for a ticket is incorrect regardless of whether because of an error in a price posted on this Site or otherwise communicated to you, or you are able to order a ticket before its scheduled on-sale or presale date or you are able to order a ticket that was not supposed to have been released for sale, then we will have the right to cancel that ticket (or the order for that ticket) and refund to you the amount that you paid. This will apply regardless of whether because of human error or a transactional malfunction.Event providers reserve the right, without refund of any amount paid, to refuse admission to, or eject, any person whose conduct management deems disorderly, who uses vulgar or abusive language or who fails to comply with event provider rules. Breach of terms or rules will terminate your license to attend the event without refund. A ticket is a revocable license and admission may be refused upon refunding the ticket’s face amount. A ticket is not redeemable for cash.You agree that the event for which you purchase tickets is a public event, that your appearance and actions inside and outside the venue where the event occurs are public in nature, and that you have no expectation of privacy with regard to your actions or conduct at the event. You grant permission to the event provider(s) to utilize your name, image, likeness, acts, poses, plays, appearance, movements, and statements in any live or recorded audio, video, or photographic display or other transmission, exhibition, publication or reproduction made of, or at, the event (regardless of whether before, during or after play or performance) for any purpose, in any manner, in any medium or context now known or hereafter developed, without further authorization from, or compensation to, you or anyone acting on your behalf.You and your belongings may be searched on entry to the event. You consent to such searches and waive any related claims that may arise. If you elect not to consent to such searches, you may be denied entry to the event without refund or other compensation. Under certain facility rules, certain items may not be brought into the premises, including without limitation, alcohol, drugs, controlled substances, cameras, recording devices, laser pointers, strobe lights, irritants (e.g., artificial noisemakers), bundles and containers.Unlawful resale (or attempted resale), counterfeit or copy of tickets is grounds for seizure and cancellation without compensation. Certain maximum resale premiums and restrictions may apply in some states and we cannot be responsible for providing legal advice regarding resale or pricing of tickets. You are responsible for complying with all applicable ticket resale laws. In addition, we reserve the right to restrict or deny ticket purchasing privileges to anyone that we determine to be, or has been, in violation of our policies. Tickets may not be used for advertising, promotions, contests or sweepstakes, unless formal written authorization is given by us.Code of ConductYou agree that you will comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, and that you will not:Restrict or inhibit any other person from using the Site;Use the Site for any unlawful purpose;Express or imply that any statements you make are endorsed by us, without our prior written consent;Impersonate any person or entity, whether actual or fictitious, including any employee or representative of our company;Submit (a) any content or information that is unlawful, fraudulent, libelous, defamatory, or otherwise objectionable, or infringes our or any third party's intellectual property or other rights; (b) any non-public information about companies without authorization; or (c) any advertisements, solicitations, chain letters, pyramid schemes, surveys, contests, investment opportunities or other unsolicited commercial communication;Submit, or provide links to, any postings containing material that could be considered harmful, obscene, pornographic, sexually explicit, indecent, lewd, violent, abusive, profane, insulting, threatening, harassing, hateful or otherwise objectionable, includes the image or likeness of individuals under 18 years of age, encourages or otherwise depicts or glamorizes drug use (including alcohol and cigarettes), characterizes violence as acceptable, glamorous or desirable, or contains any personal contact information or other personal information identifying any third party;Submit, or provide links to, any postings containing material that harasses, victimizes, degrades, or intimidates an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, gender, age, or disability;Engage in spamming or flooding;Harvest or collect information about Site users;Use any password or code to participate in a presale or other offer on the Site if you did not receive the password or code from us or if you violate the terms of the presale or offer; orUse any area of the Site for commercial purposes, such as to conduct sales of tickets, products or services.Ownership of Content and Grant of Conditional LicenseThe Site and all data, text, designs, pages, print screens, images, artwork, photographs, audio and video clips, and HTML code, source code, or software that reside or are viewable or otherwise discoverable on the Site (collectively, the "Content") are owned by us or our licensors. We own a copyright and, in many instances, patents and other intellectual property in the Site and Content. We may change the Content and features of the Site at any time.We grant you a limited, conditional, no-cost, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to view this Site and its Content as permitted by these Terms for non-commercial purposes only if, as a condition precedent, you agree that you will not:Submit any software or other materials that contain any viruses, worms, Trojan horses, defects, date bombs, time bombs or other items of a destructive nature;Manipulate identifiers, including by forging headers, in order to disguise the origin of any posting that you submit;Link to any portion of the Site other than the URL assigned to the home page of the Site;"Frame" or "mirror" any part of the Site;Modify, adapt, sub-license, translate, sell, reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble any portion of the Site or otherwise attempt to derive any source code or underlying ideas or algorithms of any part of the Content;Remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices contained on the Site;Use any robot, spider, offline reader, site search/retrieval application or other manual or automatic device, tool, or process to retrieve, index, data mine or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Content or the Site, including with respect to any CAPTCHA displayed on the Site. Operators of public search engines may use spiders to copy materials from the Site for the sole purpose of and solely to the extent necessary for creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials, but not caches or archives of such materials. We may revoke this exception at any time and require removal of archived materials gathered in the past;Use any automated software or computer system to search for, reserve, buy or otherwise obtain discount codes, promotional codes, vouchers, gift cards or any other items available on the Site, including sending information from your computer to another computer where such software or system is active;Take any action that imposes or may impose (in our sole discretion) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure;Access, reload or refresh transactional pages, or make any other request to transactional servers, more than once during any three-second interval;Request more than 1,000 pages of the Site in any 24-hour period, whether alone or with a group of individuals;Make more than 800 reserve requests on the Site in any 24-hour period, whether alone or with a group of individuals;Reproduce, modify, display, publicly perform, distribute or create derivative works of the Site or the Content;Use the Site or the Content in an attempt to, or in conjunction with, any device, program or service designed to circumvent any technological measure that effectively controls access to, or the rights in, the Site and/or Content in any way including, without limitation, by manual or automatic device or process, for any purpose.This license is expressly conditioned on your preexisting agreement to comply with, and your actual compliance with, each of the provisions described in this Ownership of Content and Grant of Conditional License section. This license exists only so long as you strictly comply with each of the provisions described in this section. Any use of the Site or Content by you or anyone acting on your behalf that does not strictly comply with each and every provision in this section exceeds the scope of the license granted to you herein, constitutes unauthorized reproduction, display, or creation of unauthorized derivative versions of the Site and Content, and infringes our copyrights, trademarks, patents and other rights in the Site and Content. You will not acquire any ownership rights by using the Site or the Content. The registered and unregistered trademarks, logos and service marks displayed on the Site are owned by us or our licensors. You may not use our trademarks, logos and service marks in any way without our prior written permission. You may inquire about obtaining permission by contacting us at trademarks@livenation.com.Forums and User ContentWe may host fan reviews, message boards, blog feeds, social media feeds and other forums found on the Site (collectively, "Forums"), and you may be able to submit suggestions, reviews, concepts, audio and video recordings, photographs, artwork or other materials to the Forums or other areas of the Site ("User Content").By submitting User Content, you certify that you are at least 18 years old, or you are at least 13 years old and have obtained your parent's or legal guardian's express consent to submit User Content.You own all rights to your User Content. If you submit User Content to the Site, you grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, transferable, sublicenseable, royalty-free right and license to use, reproduce, modify, create derivative works of, distribute, publicly perform, display, archive and commercialize your User Content, in our sole discretion, in all formats and in all media channels now known or hereinafter discovered, without any compensation or acknowledgment to you or anyone else. This license will not affect your ownership in your User Content, including the right to grant additional licenses to your User Content, except if it conflicts with these Terms. We are not obligated to post, display or otherwise use any User Content, or to attribute your User Content to you. You will not make or authorize any claim against us that our use of your User Content infringes any of your rights.Statements, opinions and reviews posted by participants in a Forum may be inaccurate, offensive, obscene, threatening or harassing. We do not endorse and are not responsible for these postings. We will not be liable for any loss or harm caused by the posting or your reliance on information obtained through the postings.You will be responsible for your User Content and the consequences of posting it. By submitting User Content, you represent to us that (i) you own, or have the necessary permission to submit the User Content and to grant the licenses to us under this section, and (ii) you have the written permission of every identifiable person in the User Content to use that person's name and likeness in the manner contemplated by the Site and these Terms or, if the person is a minor, the written permission of the minor's parent or legal guardian.We will have the right (but not the obligation) to monitor the Site, the Forums and the User Content, and to disclose any User Content and the circumstances surrounding its submission in order to operate the Site properly, or to protect ourselves, our sponsors and our users, or to comply with legal obligations or governmental requests.If we are notified that your User Content does not comply with these Terms, we may investigate the allegation and may decide to remove your User Content and cancel your account. We may also hold you liable for any User Content that infringes the rights of a third party, and require you to pay or reimburse us for any amounts we believe are necessary to resolve any complaint.Claims of Copyright Infringement on the SiteUnder the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA") if you believe in good faith that any content on the Site infringes your copyright, you may send us a notice requesting that the content be removed. The notice must include: (a) your (or your agent's) physical or electronic signature; (b) identification of the copyrighted work on our Site that is claimed to have been infringed (or a representative list if multiple copyrighted works are included in one notification); (c) identification of the content that is claimed to be infringing or the subject of infringing activity, including information reasonably sufficient to allow us to locate the content on the Site; (d) your name, address, telephone number and email address (if available); (e) a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the content in the manner complained of is not authorized by you or your agent or the law; and (f) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that you or your agent is authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner. If you believe in good faith that a notice of copyright infringement has been wrongly filed against you, you may send us a counter-notice. You may read more information about the DMCA at http://www.loc.gov/copyright.Notices and counter-notices should be sent to Copyright Officer, Live Nation Entertainment, Inc., 9348 Civic Center Drive, Beverly Hills, CA 90210, copyrightofficer@livenation.com. There can be penalties for false claims under the DMCA. We suggest that you consult your legal advisor before filing a notice or counter-notice.It is our policy to terminate, in appropriate circumstances, the access rights to the Site of repeat infringers.LinksThe Site contains links to other websites that may not be owned or operated by us. The fact that we may link to those websites does not indicate any approval or endorsement of those websites. We have no control over those websites. We are not responsible for the content of those websites, or the privacy practices of those websites. We strongly encourage you to become familiar with the terms of use and practices of any linked website. Your use of other websites is at your own risk and is subject to the terms of those websites. It is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever links you select or software you download (whether from the Site or other sites) is free of viruses, worms, Trojan horses, defects, date bombs, time bombs and other items of a destructive nature.Parental ControlsWe cannot prohibit minors from visiting our Site, and must rely on parents and guardians to decide what materials are appropriate for children to view and purchase. There are parental control protections (such as computer hardware, software or filtering services) available that may assist you in limiting access to material that is harmful to minors. You can find information about parental controls at http://onguardonline.gov. We do not endorse the products or services listed at this website.Access from Outside the United StatesThe Site is directed to people residing in the United States. We do not represent that Content available on or through the Site is appropriate or available in other locations. We may limit the availability of the Site or any service or product described on the Site to any person or geographic area at any time. If you choose to access the Site from outside the United States, you do so at your own risk.Rules for Sweepstakes, Contests and GamesIn addition to these Terms, sweepstakes, contests, games or other promotions (collectively, "Promotions") made available through the Site may have specific rules that are different from these Terms. By participating in a Promotion, you will become subject to those rules. We urge you to review the rules before you participate in a Promotion. Promotion rules will control over any conflict with these Terms.Violation of these TermsWe may investigate any violation of these Terms, including unauthorized use of the Site. We may provide law enforcement with information you provide to us related to your transactions to assist in any investigation or prosecution of you. We may take legal action that we feel is appropriate. You agree that monetary damages may not provide us a sufficient remedy and that we may pursue injunctive or other relief for your violation of these Terms. If we determine that you have violated these Terms or the law, or for any other reason or for no reason, we may cancel your account, delete all your User Content and prevent you from accessing the Site at any time without notice to you. If that happens, you may no longer use the Site or any Content. You will still be bound by your obligations under these Terms. You agree that we will not be liable to you or any third party for termination of your access to the Site or to your account or any related information, and we will not be required to make the Site or your account or any related information available to you. We may also cancel any order and products acquired through your order. We may refuse to honor pending and future purchases made from all accounts we believe may be associated with you, or cancel an order associated with any person we believe to be acting with you, or exercise any other remedy available to us.You agree that your abusive use of the Site may cause damage and harm to us, including impaired goodwill, lost sales and increased expenses. You also agree that monetary damages for your abusive use of the Site are difficult to determine and that if you, or others acting with you, request more than 1,000 pages of the Site or make more than 800 reserve requests on the Site in any 24-hour period, you, and those acting with you, will be jointly and severally liable for liquidated damages in the amount of twenty-five cents ($0.25) for each page request or reserve request made during that 24-hour period which exceeds those limits.Disclaimer of WarrantiesWE PROVIDE THE SITE AND THE CONTENT TO YOU "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE". WE TRY TO KEEP THE SITE UP, BUG-FREE AND SAFE, BUT YOU USE IT AT YOUR OWN RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW, AND TO THE EXTENT THAT APPLICABLE LAW PERMITS THE DISCLAIMER OF EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, ACCURACY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR WARRANTIES THAT MAY ARISE FROM COURSE OF DEALING OR COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE. WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THAT THE SITE WILL ALWAYS BE SAFE, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE OR THAT THE SITE WILL ALWAYS FUNCTION WITHOUT DISRUPTIONS, DELAYS OR IMPERFECTIONS. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE ACTIONS OR INFORMATION OF THIRD PARTIES, AND YOU RELEASE US FROM ANY CLAIMS AND DAMAGES, KNOWN AND UNKNOWN, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH ANY CLAIM YOU HAVE AGAINST ANY SUCH THIRD PARTIES. IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT, YOU WAIVE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE §1542, WHICH SAYS: A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.Limitation of LiabilityIN NO EVENT WILL WE OR THE ARTIST OR OUR EVENT PROVIDERS, SUPPLIERS, ADVERTISERS AND SPONSORS, BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR, AND YOU HEREBY KNOWINGLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVE ALL RIGHTS TO SEEK, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY TYPE OTHER THAN OUT OF POCKET EXPENSES, AND ANY RIGHTS TO HAVE DAMAGES MULTIPLIED OR OTHERWISE INCREASED, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE, THE CONTENT, OR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE PURCHASED THROUGH THE SITE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THE CLAIM IS BASED UPON ANY CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT WE WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY WHATSOEVER FOR (a) ANY FAILURE OF ANOTHER USER OF THE SITE TO CONFORM TO THE CODES OF CONDUCT, (b) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, WHETHER ARISING IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF OUR SITE, (c) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (d) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, WORMS, TROJAN HORSES, DEFECTS, DATE BOMBS, TIME BOMBS OR OTHER ITEMS OF A DESTRUCTIVE NATURE WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH OUR SITE, OR (e) ANY ERRORS, MISTAKES, INACCURACIES OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT. YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SITE IS TO STOP USING THE SITE. THE LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION WILL APPLY EVEN IF ANY LIMITED REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. THE ALLOCATION OF RISK BETWEEN US IS AN ESSENTIAL ELEMENT OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN US. OUR AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF THESE TERMS OR THE USE OF THE SITE WILL NOT EXCEED THE GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100) OR THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID US IN THE PAST TWELVE MONTHS. IN NO EVENT WILL ATTORNEYS' FEES BE AWARDED OR RECOVERABLE. OUR LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED UNDER THIS PARAGRAPH TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW,  AND THE PROVISIONS OF THIS PARAGRAPH WILL NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW PERMITS THE RECOVERY OF DAMAGES, ATTORNEYS’ FEES OR COSTS OTHERWISE PROHIBITED UNDER THIS PARAGRAPH. THE PROVISIONS OF THIS PARAGRAPH THAT (A) PROHIBIT DAMAGES TO BE MULTIPLIED OR OTHERWISE INCREASED, (B) IMPOSE A DAMAGES LIMITATION OF THE GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100) OR THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID US IN THE PAST TWELVE MONTHS, AND (C) PROHIBIT THE RECOVERY OF ATTORNEYS’ FEES AND COSTS, DO NOT APPLY IN CERTAIN STATES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION NEW JERSEY, TO CLAIMS BROUGHT UNDER STATUTES PERMITTING SUCH RECOVERY.IndemnificationIf anyone brings a claim against us related to your use of the Site, the Content, your User Content or your violation of these Terms, you agree to indemnify, defend and hold us and our affiliated companies, artists, event providers, suppliers, advertisers and sponsors, and each of our officers, directors, employees, and agents, harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, losses and expenses of any kind (including reasonable legal fees and costs). We reserve the right to take exclusive control and defense of any claim, and you will cooperate fully with us in asserting any available defenses.Disputes, Including Mandatory Arbitration and Class Action WaiverAny dispute or claim relating in any way to your use of the Site, or to products or services sold or distributed by us or through us, will be resolved by binding arbitration rather than in court, with the following exceptions:You may assert claims in small claims court if your claims apply;If a claim involves the conditional license granted to you as described in the Ownership of Content and Grant of Conditional License section above, either of us may file a lawsuit in a federal or state court located within Los Angeles County, California, and we both consent to the jurisdiction of those courts for such purposes; andIn the event that the arbitration agreement in these Terms is for any reason held to be unenforceable, any litigation against us (except for small-claims court actions) may be commenced only in a federal or state court located within Los Angeles County, California, and we both consent to the jurisdiction of those courts for such purposes.The arbitration agreement in these Terms is governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (FAA), including its procedural provisions, in all respects. This means that the FAA governs, among other things, the interpretation and enforcement of this arbitration agreement and all of its provisions, including, without limitation, the class action waiver discussed below. State arbitration laws do not govern in any respect.This arbitration agreement is intended to be broadly interpreted, and will survive termination of these Terms. The arbitrator, and not any federal, state or local court or agency, shall have exclusive authority to the extent permitted by law to resolve all disputes arising out of or relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability or formation of this Agreement, including, but not limited to any claim that all or any part of this Agreement is void or voidable. There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited. However, an arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court (including injunctive and declaratory relief or statutory damages), and must follow these Terms as a court would.To begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to: Live Nation Entertainment, Inc., 9348 Civic Center Drive, Beverly Hills, CA 90210, Attn: Legal. You may download the forms located at http://www.jamsadr.com. The arbitration will be conducted by JAMS under its Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures or, if applicable, its Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures, and any applicable supplemental rules including its Consumer Arbitration Standards of Minimum Fairness. The JAMS Rules are available online at http://www.jamsadr.com or by calling (800) 352-5267. Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by JAMS's rules. We will reimburse those fees for claims totaling less than $10,000 unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous, but in no event will we pay for attorneys' fees. You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submissions, or in person in the county where you live or at another mutually agreed location.We each agree that the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person's claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding, and that any dispute resolution proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated or representative action. You agree to waive any right to a jury trial or to participate in a class action. If this specific provision is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this arbitration section will be null and void and neither of us will be entitled to arbitrate our dispute.You agree that these Terms evidence a transaction involving interstate commerce and will be governed by and construed in accordance with federal law to the fullest extent possible.QuestionsIf you have any questions, comments or complaints regarding these Terms or the Site, please contact us at:Live Nation Entertainment, Inc.9348 Civic Center DriveBeverly Hills, CA 90210(800) 653-8000EmailCalifornia users may also contact the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services, California Department of Consumer Affairs, located at 1625 North Market Blvd., Sacramento, CA 95834, (800) 952-5210.
HelpTerms Of UsePrivacy PolicyDo Not Sell My InfoMariah Carey Concert Tickets© 2020 Mariah Carey. All Rights Reserved.
HomeTourMusicVideosPhotosStoreBeauty