https://housemill.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
Board Members
Visit Us
News
Partners
Contact Us
Follow us: facebooktwitter
Privacy Policy
Who are we
We are House Mill Trust and can be contacted on the below contact details:
Email: info@housemill.org.uk
Telephone: 020 8980 4626
Address:
House Mill Trust,
The Miller’s House,
Three Mill Lane,
Bromley-by-Bow,
London,
E3 3DU
Why do we collect and use your
personal information
We collect and use your personal information in order for us to
manage your enquiry and provide you with information about our
products/services that you have enquired about.
What happens if I do not provide my
personal information
We need your personal information in order to provide you
information about our products/services. If we do not collect your personal
information we will not be able to provide our services to you.
How we protect your information
Your data is securely password protected and
securely held on a server. Our website server is protected and regularly
scanned for malware and viruses. We do not store any credit/debit card details.
Who will we share your personal
information with
We will not pass your personal information onto any third parties.
Transferring your personal information
outside Europe
We will not share your personal information with organisations
based outside Europe.
How long will we store your personal
information
We will store your personal information for up to one month if you
do not decide to proceed with our services and do not opt-in to receive
marketing information from us. If you do become a customer/client of ours, we
will store your data for up to one year from the date of the latest purchase of
our services. If you do choose to opt into our marketing, we will continue to
contact you via email until you opt out. All of our emails contain an
unsubscribe link.
What are your rights in relation to
your personal information
Right to access
You have the right to request copies of the personal information we hold about
you at any time.
Right to rectification
You have the right to request that we correct any inaccurate personal
information we hold about you.
Right to erasure
You have the right to request that we delete your personal information from our
records.
Please note that we will not be able to delete
your personal information whilst we are
still providing our services to you. We will be able to delete your personal
information
once you cancel the service or once the service is completed.
Right to restrict processing
You have the right to request that we restrict how we use your personal
information.
Right to object
You have the right to object to the collection and use of your personal
information at any time.
Right to data portability
You have the right to obtain a copy of your personal information in a
legible and compatible format such as Excel or Word.
Right to withdraw consent
You have the right to withdraw your consent for us to use your personal information
to send marketing information to you. Each marketing email that we send you
will include a link which you can follow to opt-out of future marketing.
How can I exercise my rights in
relation to my personal information
You can exercise all of your rights by contacting us on any of the
above contact details.
How do I lodge a complaint about the
use of my personal information
You can lodge a complaint with us directly by contacting us on one
of the above contact details.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint
directly with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). The ICO are the
regulator who makes sure that we use your personal information in a lawful way.
You can lodge a complaint with the ICO by
following this link https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ or calling the ICO on 0303 123
1113.
Do we use
‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small
files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard
drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or
service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember
certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and
process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us
understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which
enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help
us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we
can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
You can choose to have
your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to
turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser
is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct
way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies
off, some features will be disabled. It won’t affect the user’s experience that
make your site experience more efficient and may not function properly.
Subscribe to our Newsletter
Tweets by The_House_Mill
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Close