https://hsga.org/privacy/
Hawaiian Steel Guitar Association
|
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy GDPR |
Close
Privacy
Posted on
January 28, 2019
by
Mike Wittmer
- Updated
February 13, 2020
Privacy, Cookies and Data Collection
Who We Are
Hawaiian Steel Guitar Association (HSGA)
3442 Greystone Ct., Fort Collins, CO 80525 USA
email: hsga@hsga.org
Frank Della-Penna, President
Washington, DC USA
phone (202) 359-3046
Tony Fourcroy, Secretary Treasurer
3442 Greystone Ct. Fort Collins, CO 80525 USA
The Hawaiian Steel Guitar Association is a registered, nonprofit educational corporation in the State of Hawai`i under IRS tax code 501(c)(3). Its purpose is to develop a global communications network of players and lovers of traditional Hawaiian music and to encourage the study, teaching, performance, and manufacture of the Steel Guitar. Its primary financial goal is to provide scholarship assistance through donations and bequests to steel guitar students who demonstrate the ability and intent to become accomplished performers
For a list of individuals who may be involved with the collection and/or use of user information collected on this website, please email hsga@hsga.org
Notice of Data Collection
This website (hsga.org) may collect user data including IP addresses and visitor data, such as pages you visited during your time here. We use the following services that may collect and store data:
Facebook
YouTube
JotForm (our membership application and contact form)
BrownPaperTickets (to sell tickets to our festivals)
PayPal (to process donations and member dues)
You may opt-out of non-functional cookies at any time. We do not use analytics on this website.
We do not collect information such as your name, email address, mailing address, and phone numbers without your consent—you must opt-in when providing your information. To opt out of this data collection completely, please do not fill out any forms while visiting this website.
We do not store this information on our own servers or share this information knowingly with third parties or advertisers. The third parties listed use secure data handling and have informed us of their GDPR compliance methods.
If at any time you wish to have your personal data deleted from the above services, please email hsga@hsga.org
Why do we collect this information?
We ask for names and email addresses to provide scholarship opportunities, process membership applications and dues payments, and to help us keep records of donations.
More information about opting out
To opt out of the collection and use of your data::
• for U.S. visitors, see the DAA opt-out program (available at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/)
or the NAI opt out program (currently available at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/)
• for EU/EEA visitors, see the EDAA opt-out program at http://www.youronlinechoices.eu
Cookies Policy
hsga.org uses cookies.
By using this website, you consent to the use of cookies. Our Cookies Policy explains what cookies are, how we use cookies, how third­ parties we may partner with may use cookies on this website, your choices regarding cookies and further information about cookies.
What are cookies
Cookies are small pieces of text sent by your web browser by a website you visit. A cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows our website or a third­ party to recognize you and make your next visit easier and more useful to you. Cookies can be “persistent” or “session” cookies.
How HSGA uses cookies
When you use and access hsga.org, we may place a number of cookies files in your web browser. We use cookies for the following purposes: to enable certain functions of this website. We use both session and persistent cookies on hsga.org and we use different types of cookies, including essential cookies.
Third ­party cookies
In addition to our own cookies, we may also use various third­ parties cookies to report usage statistics, deliver advertisements on and through the website, and so on. This website uses:
YouTube video
Facebook
JotForm
What are your choices regarding cookies?
If you’d like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser. Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly.
Where can you find more information about cookies
You can learn more about cookies and the following third ­party websites:
• AllAboutCookies: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
• Network Advertising Initiative: http://www.networkadvertising.org/
Financial infoPast Festivals
Terms and Conditions - Privacy Policy GDPR