http://hughes-and-kettner.com/legal-notes/
EN DE
Home
Products
News
Blog
Artists
Company
Support
Legal Notes
Extra Small
Small
Medium
Large
XS
SM
MD
LG
EN DE
Home
Products
News
Blog
Artists
Company
Support
LEGAL NOTES
Use of this Website and Agreement to Terms
Music & Sales Professional Equipment GmbH
Tritschlerstraße 3
66606 St. Wendel, Germany
Tel: +49 6851 905 0
Fax: +49 6851 905 100
E-Mail: info@musicandsales.com
Internet: www.musicandsales.com
Managing Directors: Thomas Bittel / Lothar Stamer
Registered in: Saarbrücken, Saarland, Germany
Registration number: HRB 80889
Value-Added-Tax ID: DE138247506
Registration number ElektroG: 92121632
Responsible for journalistic and editorial content in accordance with § 55 Abs. 2 RStV: Christian Jordan
Statement of responsibility:
While we carefully review external links for their content, we do not assume responsibility for that content. The content of external links is solely the responsibility of the owners of those respective websites.
Disclaimer
1. Content
The author reserves the right not to be responsible for the topicality, correctness, completeness or quality of the information provided. Liability claims regarding damage caused by the use of any information provided, including any kind of information which is incomplete or incorrect,will therefore be rejected.
All offers are not-binding and without obligation. Parts of the pages or the complete publication including all offers and information might be extended, changed, partly or completely deleted by the author without separate announcement.
2. Referrals and links
The author is not responsible for any contents linked or referred to from his pages - unless he has full knowledge of illegal contents and would be able to prevent the visitors of his site from viewing those pages. If any damage occurs by the use of information presented there, only the author of the respective pages might be liable, not the one who has linked to these pages. Furthermore, the author is not liable for any postings or messages published by users of discussion boards, guestbooks or mailinglists provided on his page.
3. Copyright
The author intended not to use any copyrighted material for the publication or, if not possible, to indicate the copyright of the respective object.
The copyright for any material created by the author is reserved. Any duplication or use of objects such as diagrams, sounds or texts in other electronic or printed publications is not permitted without the author's agreement.
4. Legal validity of this disclaimer
This disclaimer is to be regarded as part of the internet publication which you were referred from. If sections or individual terms of this statement are not legal or correct, the content or validity of the other parts remain uninfluenced by this fact.
5. Use of Facebook Social Plugins
This website makes use of social plug-ins by the social networking website facebook.com, operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA resp. Facebook Ireland Limited, Hanover Reach, 5-7 Hanover Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland ("Facebook"). With this plug-in you may rate the displayed web-page in conjunction with Facebook and decide whether you like it ("I Like It").
If you call up such a web-page containing this plug-in, your browser establishes a direct connection to the servers of Facebook. The content of this plug-in is directly transferred by Facebook to your browser and embedded in the web-page.
By embedding this plug-in Facebook receives information that you called up the respective page of our Internet presence. If you are logged into Facebook your visit may be allocated by Facebook to your Facebook account. If you interact with the plug-in, for example by clicking the button "I like it" or by passing a comment, the corresponding information will be directly passed on to Facebook and saved there.
Purpose and extent of the data collection and further processing and usage of data by Facebook as well as your relevant rights and configuration options to protect your privacy are stated in Facebook's privacy policy .
Should you not wish that Facebook collects data about you with the help of our Internet presence, you need to log out of Facebook before you visit our website.
FOLLOW US
NEWSLETTER
Join
* I accept the processing and use
of my personal data in accordance with the privacy policy.
Home
Products
News
Blog
Artists
Company
Support
Legal Notes
Privacy Policy
Diese Website verwendet Cookies. Wenn du die Website weiter nutzt, gehen wir von deinem Einverständnis aus.
OKErfahre mehr
We use cookies to give you the best user experience. If you continue to use this site, we assume that you agree.
OK
Deny
Consider it using this method: a great richard mille replica eight-dayer ¡beats¡¯ (that¡¯s a single mark any treadmill machine tock) Your five.