https://hugohouse.org/privacy-policy/
Menu
Skip to content
Classes
Class Catalog
About Our Classes
Student Guidelines
Meet the Teachers
Scholarships
Book Lab
Write-O-Rama
The Writer’s Welcome Kit
Events & Programs
Events & Programs Overview
Upcoming Events
Hugo Literary Series
Word Works: Writers on Writing
Works in Progress
Write with Hugo House
Manuscript Consultants
Hugo Fellowship
Writers in Residence
Youth
Overview
Youth Classes & Scribes Summer Camps
Young Writers Cohort
Write Time
Kids Write-In
Stage Fright
Field Trips
About
Overview
Staff + Board
History
Mission, Vision & the Future
Racial Equity
FAQ
Richard Hugo
Jobs + Internships
In the Press
Support
Support Hugo House
Become a Member
Volunteer
Hugo House Funders
Annual Fund Donors
Capital Campaign Donors
Eat Read Hugo
Novel Nights
Search for:
Donate
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
At Hugo House, we value your support and we are committed to protecting your privacy. Our site is a safe environment for anyone who visits, submits payment for goods or services or makes a donation. The purpose of this statement is to share with you our policy concerning your privacy and the safety of your transactions. If you’d like to view the Terms of Use for hugohouse.org and the Hugo House blog, please visit this page.
Our postal address is:
1634 11th Ave
Seattle, WA  98122-2419
You can contact us via email at welcome@hugohouse.org or via phone at (206) 322-7030; our typical business hours are 12 – 6 on Monday through Thursday and 12 – 5 on Saturday.
User Accounts
In order to register for a class or make a donation to get a membership online, you need a user account on hugohouse.org. You can register for a user account from our home page at hugohouse.org.
Username
Username is required to set up a user account. Your username will be your handle to comment on Hugo House blog posts, so it is publicly available if you use it in that capacity. You can use either your username or your email address (in combination with your password) to log in your account on hugohouse.org once you’ve set it up.
Email Address
Your email address is also required to set up a user account. You can use either your email address or your username (in combination with your password) to log into your account on hugohouse.org once you’ve set it up.
Name and Address
Your first and last names are required to set up a user account, as well. If you’d like to receive mailings from Hugo House (such as the class catalog or season announcements and thank-you letters for donations), you can also provide your address.
Data Security/Privacy & Systems
Who Has Access to Your Data
Only you (of course) and Hugo House staff with administrative privileges (i.e., anyone you might speak to on the phone who could register you for a class or process a donation for you) have access to your account.
Where the Data Lives, Where it Goes and What Protects It
Our site (and by extension, your account information) lives on remote servers that are monitored 24/7, 365 days a year by our server company. Both physical security (advanced smoke detection and fire suppression systems; 24/7 secured access with motion sensors, video surveillance and security breach alarms) and virtual security (24/7 server monitoring team; no remote access to MySQL) are provided.
Hugohouse.org also has an SSL certificate enabled, which encrypts and protects data sent through it (like credit card information). Authorize.net is our payment processor; we use your billing address and card security code to process credit cards but we do not retain sensitive credit card information (card type, card number and security code). We use your mailing address to send thank-you letters and member cards (when applicable); you will also receive email receipts if you donate or sign up for a class online.
Hugo House staffers have password-protected access to system data and accounts equipped with regular log-outs to deter unapproved users from accessing to our workstations.
Other Privacy Information
We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
Our site uses cookies to store non-personal information on your hard drive to provide a richer user experience each time you visit hugohouse.org. If desired, you can disable cookies in your browser settings.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes to our website to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check our website periodically or contact us directly.
Upon request (via email, post or phone), we will provide you with access to information that we maintain about you, as long as you can provide reasonable proof of identity. You can also log into your account to view and edit your information yourself. We are also happy to make changes for you; just contact us.
More Than You Ever Wanted To Know About the Systems
Hugohouse.org’s content management system (the software we use to update website content and structure so we don’t spend all our time hand-coding and instead focus on putting on great classes, resources and events) is WordPress. CiviCRM is our customer relationship management (CRM) system. It’s also open-source software; it interfaces directly with WordPress. You can find out more about it at http://civicrm.org/.
For updates about events and classes at Hugo House, new blog posts about writing and writers, info about writing contests, and more, sign up for our twice-monthly newsletter.
Email address *
First name
Last name