https://hultcenter.org/privacy-policy-2/
Skip to main content
COVID-19 Precautions & Information
More Info
Privacy Policy
Hult Center Privacy Policy
The Hult Center for the Performing Arts is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. The Hult Center does not collect personal information about individuals, such as names and mailing or email addresses, unless the individual knowingly provides it. In choosing to provide this information, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of The Hult Center’s Privacy Policy. The Hult Center’s Privacy Policy is outlined below. Please note that we review our privacy practices from time to time, and that these practices are subject to change. We ask that our visitors periodically review this page to ensure familiarity with the most current version of our privacy statement. If you have any questions or comments about our privacy practices, you can contact us at HultCenter@eugene-or.gov Please include the word “privacy” in the subject line.
Usage Data
When you visit the The Hult Center website, our servers automatically collect information about the IP address from which you access the site (an IP address is the number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the web), the pages you visit, the date and time you access our site, and the type of browser and operating system that you are using. We use this information to better understand how our site is used. This research is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis.
Email Content
You may choose to provide us with personal information in an email message to one of the addresses listed throughout our site. We use this information only to respond to your message.
As a service, the Hult Center offers visitors the opportunity to subscribe to the Hult Center’s email list to stay up-to-date on the latest events and ticket deals. You may unsubscribe at anytime, and a link to unsubscribe is on the bottom of every email newsletter. Email addresses are never rented or sold to third parties. Periodically we are given email lists by event promoters for one-time use to promote an event at the Hult Center. We require that they certify that all addresses were acquired through an opt-in process and we delete the lists after the event.
Children Twelve & Under
The Hult Center does not solicit personal information from children. Visitors twelve years of age and under should remember that they are required to obtain an adult’s permission before submitting any personal information to this or any other Web site.
Cookies
Cookies are small files of information that are stored on your computer’s hard drive by your Web browser. The cookies we use do not contain any personal information. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change the preferences of your browser so that it does not accept or blocks them. If you block cookies you may not be able to use certain site features or functions.
Third-Party Cookies & Advertising
Third party vendors that the Hult Center engages, including but not limited to Google Inc., use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to our website. Google’s use of DART cookies enables the Hult Center to serve ads to you based on your visit to our website and/or other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of DART cookies and other cookies by visiting the advertising opt-out page.
Data Sharing
You should be aware that your name and basic contact information, but not email addresses, may be exchanged with other arts organizations and arts programmers. These organizations may attempt to contact you to promote performances that they offer. Such contacts will only be made with our consent, and we will only grant our consent when we consider the offer to be of potential interest and benefit to you. We do not sell, exchange, share, or rent any lists to political parties or candidates for political office. Credit card information is not made available to any third party and is considered completely confidential.
Opting-Out
If you do not want your name and/or contact information to be used in the manner stated above, you may indicate this at the time you provide the information. If an “opt-out” option is not offered, or you decide after you have provided this information that you do not want us to share your information with any other organization, you may also notify us in an email addressed to HultCenter@eugene-or.gov (subject line “do not share”). We cannot, however, remove your name from any third party list; you will have to contact them directly.
The Direct Marketing Association (DMA) offers a Mail Preference Service that is designed to assist consumers in decreasing the amount of nonprofit or commercial mail they receive at home. For more information about this service, visit the DMA Web site.