http://hyphenmagazine.com/privacy-notice
Skip to main content
MagazineBack IssuesLGBTQAboutContactMissionStaffSubmissionsSubscribeJoin StaffDonate
Search form
Search
Privacy Notice
Last updated on
December 12, 2007
This privacy notice discloses the privacy
practices for Hyphen Magazine (“Hyphen”).
This
privacy notice applies solely to information collected by Hyphen through
its website at www.hyphenmagazine.com (the “Website”) and does
not apply to any other organizations.
This privacy notice will
notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you by Hyphen through the Website, how it is used, and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available
to you regarding the use of your data collected by Hyphen.
The security procedures
in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any
inaccuracies in the information.
This privacy notice is subject to change or alteration at any time, and use of information that we collect will be subject to the privacy notice then in effect unless you later agree otherwise. Notices of such changes will be posted on the home page of the Website and the privacy notice will indicate the date on which it was last updated. In addition, Hyphen may also send you an email informing you that the privacy notice has changed. Please note that, in addition to other uses specified in this privacy notice, we may disclose and use personally identifiable information in special circumstances such as when required by law (for example, to comply with a court order or subpoena) or where it is necessary to enforce one of Hyphen's policies. We may also disclose or use your personal information when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires us to do so.
Links to Other Websites
The Website contains links to websites of third parties (such as Independent Arts & Media or PayPal). Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such third-party websites to which we link or to which we are linked. Accordingly, this privacy notice does not apply to such third parties or third-party websites. We encourage our users and visitors to be aware when they leave the Website and to read the posted privacy statements or policies whenever interacting with any website.
Information Collection, Use, and
Sharing
When you purchase a subscription, when you register as a user on the Website, and at other times, we will collect personally identifiable information from you that may include your name, email address, birth date, age, gender, income level, ethnic background, zip code, your street and billing addresses, city and state of residence, your phone number, username, password and whether you are current subscriber of Hyphen Magazine. For people who indicate that they reside outside the United States, Hyphen will collect ethnic background data in a manner so that the data cannot be associated with the particular individual providing the information and so that the providing of such data will be anonymous. Hyphen may also, on occasion, also ask for your clothing size.
Please note that if you participate in the forum or leave a comment, your comment will be available for everyone to see. We advise you not to disclose any personally identifiable information when you participate in the forum.
We do not intend for children to visit the Website. Further, Hyphen does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen. Hyphen will not accept the registration of anyone under the age of thirteen.
We use technology to collect some information about you, so it may not be readily apparent to you that it is being collected. For instance, when you come to the Website, your IP address is collected so that we know where to send information you are requesting.
We use (and disclose as applicable)
the information that we collect from you in the following ways:
For the purposes that you specifically provided the information to us such as to enable us to process, validate or verify subscriptions.
To send you the issues that you have ordered, to fulfill a subscription that you have placed, and to bill you for your orders or subscriptions.
To contact you if there is a
problem in processing your order or subscription.
To send you reminders to renew
your subscription.
To send you email or other notices about our new or existing products or services, special offers, or to otherwise contact you.
To send you email or other notices
about events, products or services that we believe you might be interested
in.
To
enhance existing features or develop new features, products and services.
For our internal purposes. (For example, we may use the information that we collect to monitor use and activity on the Website, to improve your user experience or to improve the content that we provide.)
To enhance searchability on
Google.
To provide advertisers, media companies and other third parties with aggregate information about the Website, our user base and usage patterns. (For example, we may include aggregated information in an advertising or media kit.)
To allow us to personalize the content or advertising that you and others see based on your personal interests, characteristics or preferences.
To third-party service providers
to assist us with any of the above.
Hyphen currently does not share your personally identifiable information with unaffiliated third parties except as set forth in this policy.
Your Access to and Control Over
Information
You can do the following at any time by contacting us at
hyphen [at] hyphenmagazine.com:
Request the data we have
about you, if any.
Request that we change or
correct any data we have about you.
Request that we delete any
data we have about you.
Express any concern you
have about our use of your data.
Request that you not receive
future communications from us.
Consent
to Transfer
The Website is operated in the United States. If you are located in the European Union or elsewhere outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States. The privacy laws in the United States may not be as protective as those where you are located. By using or visiting the Website, registering as a user on the Website or providing us with your information, you consent to this transfer.
Security
The personally identifiable information that Hyphen collects about you is stored in limited-access servers. Only Hyphen staff members who need the information to perform a specific task (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to your personally identifiable information.
All payment information -- for subscriptions,
single/back issues, etc. -- are processed through PayPal (www.paypal.com), a third party, and are subject to PayPal's
privacy policy.
Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information that a web site sends to your computer while you are viewing the web site. These pieces of information allow the web site to remember important information that will make your use of that site more useful.
We currently use cookie-related technology (such as cookies, or web beacons) on the Website and may also utilize such technology in the email that we send to you for a variety of reasons including to recognize users, remember a password or other information about a user, assess traffic patterns and count how many email messages have been viewed.
Please be aware that third parties, such as parties who serve ads to the Website, may employ the use of cookie-related or other technology. Hyphen is not responsible for the actions of nor use of such technology by such third parties.
Surveys
In addition to the other information we collect (as described above), from time-to-time, we may conduct online surveys. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate. If we choose to conduct a survey, in addition to the personally identifiable information described above in this privacy notice, we will collect other information from you (some of which either individually or in aggregate may be personally identifiable) such as demographic information (i.e. age, political party affiliation, products and services that you purchase, annual income, preferences, dislikes, interests, etc.). We may use the information that we collect from you as described above in this privacy notice.
Contests
From time-to-time, we may conduct contests or sweepstakes, either online or via mail. For contests or sweepstakes that we conduct on the Website or via mail, we may use the personally identifiable information that we collect from you to notify the winners and award prizes. We may also use the personally identifiable information that we collect from you as described above in this privacy notice.
Phishing
From time to time, we will send you subscription renewal reminders via email. The email may include a link to the renewal page on the Website. We may also contact you via phone to remind you to renew your subscription if your email address is obsolete or if we do not have an email address for you. We do not process subscription renewals over the phone. When we contact you by email or by phone, we will not ask you for credit card information or other financial information. Except for such email or phone reminders, we do not and will not, at any time, request personal information in a non-secure or unsolicited email or telephone communication. For more information about phishing, visit the Federal Trade Commission at http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/conline/pubs/alerts/phishingalrt.htm.
Please direct any questions to hyphen [at] hyphenmagazine.com.
Email this page
Featured
Top Posts
Recent
Our Favorite Comfort Foods: A Community Collection of Recipes
How to Be An Anti-Racist, Pro-Black Ally: A Resource List
When did you first recognize me as your own?: A Folio of Undocupoets Fellows
Deconstructing Cookbooks
September Lit: "the ear of the sky" by Kimarlee Nguyen
When Nowhere Feels Safe: COVID-19, Anti-Asian Racism and Domestic Violence
The Trappings of Visibility
A Misfit's Encounter with Books and Punk Rock: A Review of Sigh, Gone
Gish Jen’s Resistant Possibilities: On Black Fugitivity, Coalitional Care and Baseball
You learn what’s enough
Empowered by a Pig
Interior Chinatown Wins National Book Award
NOVEMBER 2020 NONFICTION: EXCERPT FROM “ALLEGIANCE” BY DARIEN HSU GEE
“The Play As a Gateway for Many Other Stories”: A Conversation with Lauren Yee on her play, Cambodian Rock Band
On the Brink of After: A Review of Lauren Yee’s “Cambodian Rock Band”
Tweets by @hyphenmagazine
Hyphen magazine