http://ibreathemusic.com/privacy.php
in Articles
in Forums
Home
|   Subscribe
|   Link to us
|   Privacy
Online Articles:
188
Article Browser
Forum Members
26,183
Join Us - Take Part
Pulse Subscribers
2046
The Pulse Archive
Topics
General
Creativity
Practicing
Insights
Music Theory
Improvisation
Technique
Chords
Picking
Others
Etudes
Rhythm
Eartraining
Features
Reviews
Your Account
iBreatheMusic's Commitment to Your Privacy
This site is owned and operated by Pixeltide Limited. We are committed to protecting your privacy. We invite you to contact us if you have questions
about this policy. You may contact us by mail at the following address:
Pixeltide Limited
4 Teddington Hall
25 Hampton Road
Middlesex
TW11 0JN
You may contact us by email at
Because we gather certain types of information about our users, we feel you
should fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and
use of that information. This privacy statement discloses what information we
gather and how we use it.
Information iBreatheMusic.com Gathers and Tracks
iBreatheMusic.com gathers two types of information about users:
- Information that users provide through optional, voluntary submissions. These
are voluntary submissions to receive our electronic newsletters, to participate
in our message boards or forums, to email a friend, and from participation in
polls and surveys.
- Information iBreatheMusic.com gathers through aggregated tracking information
derived mainly by tallying page views throughout our sites. This information
allows us to better tailor our content to users' needs and to help our advertisers
and sponsors better understand the demographics of our audience. Because
iBreatheMusic.com derives its revenue mainly from sponsorships and advertising,
providing such aggregated demographic data is essential to keeping our service
free to users. Under no circumstances does iBreatheMusic.com divulge any
information about an individual user to a third party.
iBreatheMusic.com Gathers User Information In The Following Processes:
Optional Voluntary Information
We offer the following free services, which require some type of voluntary submission
of personal information by users:
1. Electronic newsletters (Dispatches)
We will offer a free electronic newsletter to users. iBreatheMusic.com gathers
the email addresses of users who voluntarily subscribe. Users may remove themselves
from this mailing list by following the link provided in every newsletter that
points users to the subscription management page. Users can also subscribe to
the newsletters at the time of registration.
2. Message boards/forums
Users of the site's Message Boards and Forums must register separately for these
services (free of charge) in order to post messages, although they needn't register
to visit the site. During registration the user is required to supply a username,
password, and email address.
3. "E-mail this to a friend" Service
Our site users can choose to electronically forward a link, page, or documents
to someone else by clicking "e-mail this to a friend". The user must
provide their email address, as well as that of the recipient. This information
is used only in the case of transmission errors and, of course, to let the recipient
know who sent the email. The information is not used for any other purpose.
4. Polling
We may offer interactive polls to users so they can easily share their opinions
with other users and see what our audience thinks about important issues. Opinions
or other responses to polls are aggregated and are not identifiable to any particular
user. iBreatheMusic.com may use a system to "tag" users after they
have voted, so they can vote only once on a particular question. This tag is
not correlated with information about individual users.
5. Surveys
iBreatheMusic.com may occasionally conduct user surveys to better target our
content to our audience. We sometimes share the aggregated demographic information
in these surveys with our sponsors, advertisers and partners. We never share
any of this information about specific individuals with any third party.
Usage tracking
iBreatheMusic.com tracks user traffic patterns throughout all of our sites.
However, we do not correlate this information with data about individual users.
iBreatheMusic.com does break down overall usage statistics according to a user's
domain name, browser type, and MIME type by reading this information from the
browser string (information contained in every user's browser).
iBreatheMusic.com sometimes tracks and catalogs the search terms that users
enter in our Search function, but this tracking is never associated with individual
users. We use tracking information to determine which areas of our sites users
like and don't like based on traffic to those areas. We do not track what individual
users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. This helps us continue
to build a better service for you.
Cookies
We may place a text file called a "cookie" in the browser files of
your computer. The cookie itself does not contain Personal Information although
it will enable us to relate your use of this site to information that you have
specifically and knowingly provided. But the only personal information a cookie
can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can't read data off
your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. iBreatheMusic.com
uses cookies to track user traffic patterns (as described above). Our advertising
system delivers a one-time cookie to better track ad impressions and click rates.
You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. If you've set your
browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you will receive the warning message
with each cookie. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use this site.
However, you do need cookies to participate actively in message boards, forums,
polling and surveys.
Use of Information
iBreatheMusic.com uses any information voluntarily given by our users to enhance
their experience in our network of sites, whether to provide interactive or
personalized elements on the sites or to better prepare future content based
on the interests of our users.
As stated above, we use information that users voluntarily provide in order
to send out electronic newsletters and to enable users to participate in polls,
surveys, message boards, and forums. We send out newsletters to subscribers
on a regular schedule (depending on the newsletter), and occasionally send out
special editions when we think subscribers might be particularly interested
in something we are doing. iBreatheMusic.com never shares newsletter mailing
lists with any third parties, including advertisers, sponsors or partners.
When we use tracking information to determine which areas of our sites users
like and don't like based on traffic to those areas. We do not track what individual
users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. This helps us continue
to build a better service for you. We track search terms entered in Search function
as one of many measures of what interests our users. But we don't track which
terms a particular user enters.
iBreatheMusic.com creates aggregate reports on user demographics and traffic
patterns for advertisers, sponsors and partners. This allows our advertisers
to advertise more effectively, and allows our users to receive advertisements
that are pertinent to their needs. Because we don't track the usage patterns
of individual users, an advertiser or sponsor will never know that a specific
user clicked their ad. We will not disclose any information about any individual
user except to comply with applicable law or valid legal process or to protect
the personal safety of our users or the public.
Sharing of the Information
iBreatheMusic.com uses the above-described information to tailor our content
to suit your needs and help our advertisers better understand our audience's
demographics. This is essential to keeping our service free. We will not share
information about individual users with any third party, except to comply with
applicable law or valid legal process or to protect the personal safety of our
users or the public.
Security
iBreatheMusic.com operates secure data networks protected by industry standard
firewall and password protection systems. Our security and privacy policies
are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorized individuals
have access to the information provided by our customers.
Opt-out Policy
We give users options wherever necessary and practical. Such choices include:
- Opting not to register to receive our electronic newsletters.
- Opting not to participate in certain interactive areas, which completely alleviates
the need to gather any personally identifiable information from our users
- Opting to have your membership with iBreatheMusic.com terminated including
the removal of all personal data from our database. Email
with your login name and we will process your removal from our systems.
Your Consent
By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of this information
by iBreatheMusic.com. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post
those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information
we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Privacy Policy
The contents of this webpage are copyright © 2002-2020 iBreatheMusic.com. All Rights Reserved