http://idahoptv.org/about/privacypolicy/
Privacy Policy
IntroductionIdaho Public Television takes the privacy of visitors to our website very seriously. We have developed a strict policy to ensure that idahoptv.org remains a safe haven for our members, donors, viewers and other website visitors. The privacy policy below describes how we collect information online, what we do with that information, and what controls you have as a visitor for regulating the information you choose to share with us.This privacy policy does not apply to unaffiliated third party websites to which we link. You should check the privacy policies of those websites to understand how they may collect or use your personal information.Gathering and Use of Information:In order to participate in some activities, you might be asked to provide some personally identifiable information. This could be in connection with the following:contest or sweepstakes registrationsubscription registration for sites or services which require subscription (such as e-mail newsletters)requests for membership information to local television stationscontent submissions, community postings (i.e., forums or bulletin boards), comments and suggestions, or votingIdaho Public Television and our affiliated websites will not willfully disclose your personal information to any third party.We will always explain the extent of its use at the time you are asked to provide personal information.The Idaho Public Television website is a general audience website and does not knowingly market to, accept postings from, or collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 18 years old without parental consent. However, Idaho Public Television believes that it is important to assist parents in supervising their children's online activities and, therefore, recommends that parents consider using parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers that help provide a child-friendly environment. These tools can also prevent children from disclosing their name, address, and other personally identifiable information online without parental permission. For additional information about parental control tools, please consult the Direct Marketing Association home page located at www.the-dma.org.CookiesIdaho Public Television uses a standard feature of browser software called a cookie to help make our website more responsive to the needs and preferences of visitors. A cookie assigns each visitor a unique code that resides on the visitor's computer. We use cookies to measure user traffic and to provide personalized services.Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information and are used only by Idaho Public Television to provide better statistics on traffic throughout our website. If you do not want any information to be collected through cookies a simple procedure in most browsers allows you to deny or accept the cookie feature. Please check your browser documentation to exercise this option.External LinksIdaho Public Television's website may contain links to other Internet websites. Idaho Public Television encourages its partners, contributors and other third parties to implement policies and practices that respect your privacy. Idaho Public Television is not, however, responsible for other websites' privacy practices or content. Occasionally, you may receive cookies from third party advertisers, partners and vendors. Idaho Public Television does not control these cookies.Credit Cards and Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT)Idaho Public Television offers you the convenience of making online support contributions with a credit card or via electronic funds transfer (EFT) from a savings or checking account.We take the security of your credit card and banking information very seriously. All information from financial transactions made on idahoptv.org isstored and collected from a secure server. This means that each page you view on our website and any financial information you submit is encrypted on its way between your computer and ours. Even in the highly unlikely event that your transmission is intercepted, the data will not be usable by a third party.Your credit card and/orbanking information is used only for your intended purpose - a donation and nothing else. However, please be advised that Idaho Public Television has no control over the privacy policies of websites that are linked to ours. For all online financial transactions you make through organizations that link to our website, be sure to review those organizations' privacy policies. If you have any questions regarding how those organizations use your personal information, please contact them directly.Children's Online PrivacyWe will not collect personally identifiable information from your child without first obtaining your permission. If your child submits stories, artwork, comments or anything else to us, which is posted our website, he or she will be identified only by first name, age or grade level, city and state. No other personal information will be displayed unless a parent or legal guardian givesus permission to do so.Again, please be advised that idahoptv.org has links to third party websites. Since we are not responsible for the content or safety and privacy practices of those websites, we encourage adults and children to discuss these choices together before giving out any information at these outside websites.If we know that your child is under the age of thirteen, we will collect your permission offline (by postal mail, fax or phone) before we mail any prizes or take any further action with your child's personal information.Several times during the year, Idaho Public Television offers contests for children. After receiving parental permission, we post the first names of the winners and selections of the child's submission. As an option, the parent or legal guardian may choose not to have the child's name on our website.All links on children's pages to third party websites are insulated with a bridge page (except links to PBS). These pages clearly notify the visitor that he or she is leaving Idaho Public Television and offers an opportunity to return to our website. Each bridge page displays a Web literacy tip, educating visitors how to be safe on the Internet. Since we cannot be assured that links to outside websites follow our safety or privacy guidelines, we encourage adults and children to discuss these choices together. We are not responsible for the content or safety and privacy practices at websites linked from our pages.Acceptance of Online Privacy Policy Terms and ConditionsBy using this website, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Idaho Public Television. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, please do not use the website. Idaho Public Television reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page from time to time for any changes.Tell Us What You ThinkYour comments and questions help us serve you better and make your visit a pleasant one. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this policy, please send us an e-mail at idptv@idahoptv.org or use our contact form. You may also write to us at Idaho Public Television, 1455 N Orchard St, Boise, ID, 83706 or call us at (208) 373-7220.