http://illusioninfusion.com/privacy-policy/
The Magic Castle/Academy of Magical Arts knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we have created this Site Privacy Policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to do so reasonably and responsibly.
This Site Privacy Policy describes our information gathering and dissemination practices only for this Web site: www.magiccastle.com (the “Site”).
Information You Give Us.
We receive and store any information you enter on our Site or give us in any other way. However, we do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily submit such information to us. Our Site uses a Contact Us form for you to request information or send us comments. Contact information (like your e-mail address) from the Contact Us form is collected and used to send you a reply to your questions or concerns.
How about children?
We do not wish to obtain personal information from children who are using our Site unsupervised. Thus, we ask children to obtain the consent of their parent or guardian before providing us with any personal information.
How about cookies?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and connection capabilities so that our Site can provide you with the optimal user experience. We also use cookies for Site visitor tracking. The information we collect is anonymous and The Magic Castle®/Academy of Magical Arts has no way of accessing any of your personally identifiable information through this system. The “help” portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you are to receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. However, as cookies allow us to enhance your user experience, we recommend that you leave them turned on.
Use of Information.
We use the information you provide us to perform the services for which such data was collected. For example, if you sign up for an e-mail newsletter, we will send the e-mail newsletter to the address you provide us. We also use the information you provide us for internal marketing purposes and for administration of the Site.
How about third parties?
Information about our visitors and members is an important part of our club, and we use it responsibly. We employ or partner with other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include processing credit card payments and fulfillment houses for mailing our monthly club newsletter. These agents have very limited access to the personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
Security.
We use industry-standard methods to protect your personal information from unauthorized access. Among other techniques, we usually store such information on a computer behind our “firewall” in a secure location, and we often restrict the number of employees internally who can access such data. Of course, there is no such thing as “perfect security” on the Internet. Further, please note that our servers are operated by a third party Web host whose actions we do not control.
Choice.
As discussed above, you can always choose not to provide certain information, even though it might be needed to take advantage of many of our features. Our Site also provides you with the opportunity to choose not to receive communications from us and our partners. You have the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided or removing your information from our database so as not to receive future communications:
You can send us an email.
Call 1-323-851-3313
Send mail to The Magic Castle, 7001 Franklin Avenue, Hollywood, CA 90028
Amendments.
We may from time to time revise this policy by updating this posting. Amendments to this policy will be effective when posted. You should therefore periodically visit this page to review the current Site Privacy Policy, so you are aware of any such revisions to which you are bound.
This Site contains links to other sites. The Magic Castle®/Academy of Magical Arts Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Thank you for visiting The Magic Castle®/Academy of Magical Arts.
By using this site, you acknowledge that the material it contains is protected by copyright and/or trademark rights of The Magic Castle®, The Academy of Magical Arts and other applicable third parties. Unless clearly labeled otherwise in writing, you should assume that none of the material on this site is in the public domain. ‘Material’ includes, but is not limited to, text, images, photos, logos, product names, executable code, layout designs, and templates.
Permitted Use
You agree that you are only authorized to visit, view and to retain a copy of pages of this Site for your own personal use, and that you shall not duplicate, download, publish, modify or otherwise distribute the material on this Site for any purpose other than to review content, show schedules, driving directions, menu items, magic classes, etc., for personal use only, unless otherwise specifically authorized by The Magic Castle®/Academy of Magical Arts to do so. You also agree not to link or deep-link to the site for any purpose, unless specifically authorized by The Magic Castle®/Academy of Magical Arts to do so. Linking to this site from eBay.com for the purpose of selling one of our Guest Invitations is strictly prohibited. The content on this Site is the property of The Magic Castle®/Academy of Magic Arts, Inc. and/or its suppliers and is protected by U.S., Canadian and international copyright laws. We post a legal notice and various credits on pages of the Site, which may not be removed. Please do not remove this notice or these credits, or any additional information contained along with the notices and credits.
You may download material from this web site for personal, non-commercial use only. This Material may not be reproduced, redistributed, rebroadcast or retransmitted in any form, in whole or in part, without the prior explicit written permission of The Magic Castle®/Academy of Magical Arts or the appropriate copyright or trademark holder. You are solely responsible for determining the owner of any given Material & obtaining that party’s express written permission prior to making any use of it.
If these terms are unacceptable to you, you should immediately cease using this web site and destroy any copies you have made of its Materials. You agree that unauthorized use of the Material, as defined in this notice, will cause injury to Mercantila and/or the appropriate copyright/trademark owner.
Magic Castle® is a registered trademark of Magic Castles, Inc. used under license.
You can send us an email.
Call 1-323-851-3313
Send mail to The Magic Castle, 7001 Franklin Avenue, Hollywood, CA 90028
Member Login
To access private content please login.
Username or Email Address
Password
Remember Me