http://in-his-image.net/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy:
in-his-image ("in-his-image")
operates n-his-image.net and may operate other websites. It
is in-his-image policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, in-his-image collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. in-his-image purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how in-his-image visitors use its website. From time to
time, in-his-image may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
in-his-image also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on n-his-image.net
blogs/sites. in-his-image only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to in-his-image websites choose to interact
with in-his-image in ways that require in-his-image to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that in-his-image gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at n-his-image.net to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with in-his-image are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, in-his-image collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
in-his-image. in-his-image does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
in-his-image may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. in-his-image may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, in-his-image does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
in-his-image discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on in-his-image behalf or to provide services available
at in-his-image websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using in-his-image websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. in-his-image will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, in-his-image discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when in-his-image believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of in-his-image, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an in-his-image website and have supplied your email address, in-his-image
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with in-his-image and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. in-his-image takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. in-his-image uses cookies to
help in-his-image identify and track visitors, their usage of in-his-image
website, and their website access preferences. in-his-image visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using in-his-image websites, with the drawback that certain features
of in-his-image websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If in-his-image, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that in-his-image goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of in-his-image may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by in-his-image and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, in-his-image may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in in-his-image sole
discretion. in-his-image encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a n-his-image.net account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Recent Posts
All You Need to Know About Buying Spotify Plays and Listeners
The Latest Trends in Mobile Phones in 2020
Essentials Tips When Choosing a Hosting Provider
3 Reasons why you should get your kid a digital camera
Save Money On Common iPhone Issues By Doing The Repairs Yourself
Archives
September 2020
July 2020
May 2020
January 2020
December 2019
November 2019
May 2019
April 2019
February 2019
December 2018
November 2018
October 2018
September 2018
August 2018
July 2018
June 2018
April 2018
March 2018
October 2017
September 2017
November 2016
Categories
Computer
Graphics
Social media
stickypost
Technology
Uncategorized
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok