https://inlibris.com/privacy-policy/
We take the protection of your privacy seriously and treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with statutory data protection regulations.
Access data
This website collects data about user access to this site and saves it in logfiles on the site’s server, including the time of access, the amount of data transmitted, the browser and operating system used, and the IP address. These logfiles are saved for a maximum of 180 days and are then deleted.
For purposes of pseudonymized range measurements, this website uses ‘cookies’ which are transmitted to the user’s browser. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your device and are accessed by your browser. Cookies enhance a website’s user-friendliness and safety. All common browsers offer the option of rejecting the use of cookies.
Collection and processing of personal data
We process personal data such as name, phone number, email and post address to carry out customers’ orders. We process personal data only with users’ express permission and in accordance with data protection regulations. When you contact us, your data is stored for purposes of processing and answering your inquiry. We will not share this data with third parties without your consent.
Google Analytics
This website uses the web analysis service “Google Analytics” provided by Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA). The information contained in cookies used by this service is usually sent to and stored on a Google server in the USA. Google LLC complies with European data protection law and is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement.
Users’ IP addresses are anonymized within EU member states and other signatory states of the Agreement. The IP address transmitted by the user’s browser is not cross-referenced with other data stored by Google.
Within the limits of the order-related data processing agreement between the website operator and Google Inc., the latter analyzes users’ website activity based on the data collected. The information collected by Google is used to analyze the use of our online services. You can prevent the storage of cookies on your device by choosing the appropriate settings in your browser. Also, you can use a browser plugin to prevent information collected by cookies (including your IP address) being sent to and used by Google Inc.
Newsletter subscription
If you subscribe to our email newsletter, you consent to the outlined procedure. You may revoke at any time your consent to receiving the newsletter. When you unsubscribe, we delete your personal data. An unsubscription link is included at the end of every newsletter.
User rights
As a user, you have the right to be provided, upon application and free of charge, with full information regarding all personal data stored about you. You also have the right to have incorrect information corrected and to have all relevant information erased.
Deletion of data
Unless your request collides with a legal obligation to retain certain data, you have the right to have your data deleted. All data stored by us is deleted once its purpose and any legal retention periods have expired.
Right of objection
Users of this website may object to the processing of their personal data at any time. If you seek the correction or deletion of or information on your personal data, have any questions regarding the collection, processing, or use of your data, or wish to revoke consent previously given, please contact office@inlibris.com.