https://irishwriterscentre.ie/pages/privacy-policy
Cart
0
Search
Menu
Cart 0
Home
About
+
-
Who We Are & What We Do
Governance & Our Board
Our Patron & Ambassadors
Our Partners
Contact Us
FAQs
What's On
+
-
News
At the Centre
NI & Around the Country
Professional Development
Novel Fair
Our 25th Anniversary
Past Events
Courses
+
-
All Courses
Beginner
Emerging
Professional Development
Around the Island
Past Courses
Resources
+
-
COVID-19: Information and Resources for Writers
All Resources & Opportunities
One-to-One Mentoring
Social Welfare Scheme for Writers and Artists
Venue
+
-
Our Building
Literary Packages
Get Involved
+
-
Membership
IAP Designated Giving Program
Purchase Gifts
Vacancies
Become a Facilitator
Become a Volunteer
Donate
Search
Privacy Policy
Who we are
The Irish Writers Centre values the trust of our members and customers. Any information collected by the Irish Writers Centre is used to better provide services and resources to individuals visiting our centre and website. In our Privacy Policy you can read about how and why we collect and store information.
Consent to collect information
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at events@writerscentre.ie or mailing us at: Irish Writers Centre 19 Parnell Square, Dublin 1, L, D01 E102, Ireland
Types of data we collect
Contact information and Purchasing Data
When you purchase a course, membership or gift voucher(s) through the Irish Writers Centre office or website your name, address data, email and contact number will be stored in our system. We do not share your personal details with any other company without your consent.
We may provide course facilitators with your email address so that they can provide you with materials for the duration of your course. Facilitators are not permitted to use your information for any other purpose unless you given permission by you.
We may contact you regarding your experience of the Irish Writers Centre courses and resources. This feedback and information is used to improve our services and is never passed on to other organisations.
Mailing Lists
As part of the registration process for our monthly e-newsletter, we collect personal information. We use that information for a couple of reasons: to inform you about the activities of the Irish Writers Centre; to contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information; to check our records are right and to check every now and then that you’re happy and satisfied. We don't rent or trade email lists with other organisations and businesses.
We use a third-party provider, MailChimp, to deliver our newsletter. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter. For more information, please see MailChimp’s privacy notice. You can unsubscribe to general mailings at any time of the day or night by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails or by emailing our data protection officer Kate Cunningham at events@writerscentre.ie
Payment Data
Our store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you. Your data is stored through Shopify’s data storage, databases and the general Shopify application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.
If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then Shopify stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted.
All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover.
PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.
For more insight, you may also want to read Shopify’s Terms of Service here or Privacy Statement.
Website Cookies & Google Analytics
Here is a list of cookies that we use. We’ve listed them here so you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not.
_session_id, unique token, sessional: Allows Shopify to store information about your session (referrer, landing page, etc).
_shopify_visit, no data held, Persistent for 30 minutes from the last visit: Used by our website provider’s internal stats tracker to record the number of visits
_shopify_uniq, no data held, expires midnight (relative to the visitor) of the next day: Counts the number of visits to a store by a single customer.
cart, unique token, persistent for 2 weeks: Stores information about the contents of your cart.
_secure_session_id, unique token, sessional
When someone visits www.irishwriterscentre.ie we use Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
When you use Irish Writers Centre Wi-Fi we do not collect any information about your activities.
Links
When you click on links on our website, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
Access to your personal information
You are entitled to view, amend, or delete the personal information that we hold. Email your request to our data protection officer Kate Cunningham at event@writercentre.ie with the subject line ‘Data Protection’.
Changes to this policy
This policy was reviewed on 20.04.2018 and will be re-examined on a yearly basis.
----