http://irvingpenn.com/privacy-policy
The Irving Penn Foundation
Cart
0
Irving Penn
Paintings
Galleries
Foundation
Permissions
News
Back
Biography
Chronology
Publications
Exhibitions
Bibliography
Back
Features
Penn's Painting Practice
Painting over prints
The Alchemist
Cards
Mushrooms
Farm Landscape
Mermaids
A Worn Shoe
African Village
Rooftops
Use of Sand
Collision
Before the Full Moon
Tower of Babel
Timeline
Back
Paintings & Drawings
Fashion
Still Life
Nudes
Beauty
Portraits
Small Trades
Travel
Documentary
Back
Mission
Archive
Board of Directors
Staff
FAQ
Privacy Policy The Irving Penn Foundation (“The Foundation”) is committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy policy tells you about our online collection and use of data on this website (the “Website”). By using this Website, you understand and agree to the terms of this policy. 1. Collection of Your Personal InformationInformation You Provide Us. You may be asked to provide us with your name, e-mail address, and postal code when you submit an inquiry or request on our Website.Information We Collect. The Foundation collects information about you when you access the Website. We may collect information about the website that referred you to us, your IP address, browser type and language, and access times. We also may collect navigational information, including information about the pages you view, the links you click, and other actions taken in connection with the Website.Cookies. Our Website also uses cookies. Cookies are small text files that are stored on a user’s computer and allow Websites to remember information about users. We use cookies for a variety of purposes in order to enhance the quality of our Website. We use transient (also called “session ID”) cookies to provide continuity from page to page. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. We use Google advertising cookies to collect information about the Website’s visitors. You have the choice to set your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set. (Each browser is different, so check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.) It is up to you whether to allow us to send you cookies. 2. How We Use Your Personal InformationThe Foundation collects and uses your personal information to operate and improve our Website and to process your requests.At your request, we may send you marketing emails or newsletters. If you do not wish to receive marketing emails or newsletters from us, you may follow the “unsubscribe” instructions included within each email communication. 3. Who We Share Your Information WithExcept as disclosed in this privacy policy, The Foundation does not share your personal information with any outside parties.We may share your personal information with service providers who perform services on our behalf. For example, we may hire other companies to host the Website, process your requests, and to assist with our email communications. Those companies will be permitted to obtain only the personal information they need to provide the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of the information and are prohibited from using it for any other purpose.Your personal information may be disclosed as part of any merger, acquisition, or sale of the company and/or its assets, as well as in the unlikely event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, in which personal information would be transferred as one of the business assets of the company.We reserve the right to disclose your personal information if required to do so by law, or in the good-faith belief that such action is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, respond to claims, or protect the rights, property or safety of our company, employees, customers, or the public. 4. International VisitorsPersonal information collected by The Foundation is stored and processed in the United States. If you access the Website from outside of the United States, you consent to the processing of your personal information in the United States. 5. Security of Your Personal InformationThe security of your personal information is important to us. However, no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. 6. ChildrenWe do not intend to solicit or collect personal information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are under 13, you should not use or enter information on this Website. 7. Changes to this Privacy PolicyWe reserve the right to change the terms of this privacy policy at any time. When we make changes, we will revise the “Last Updated” date at the bottom of the policy. If there are material changes to this policy, we will notify you by prominently posting a notice of such changes here or on our home page. We encourage you to review this policy whenever you visit our Website. Last Updated:  April 12, 2017