https://jamiesanchez.com/policies/
These policies are effective as of January 1, 2019.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to me. It is my policy to respect your privacy regarding any information I may collect from you across this website, https://jamiesanchez.com.
I only ask for personal information when I truly need it to provide a service to you. I collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. I also let you know why I’m collecting it and how it will be used.
I only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data I store, I’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
I don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.
This website may link to external sites that are not operated by me. Please be aware that I have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
You are free to refuse request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
Your continued use of this website will be regarded as acceptance of my practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how I handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact me.
Terms of Service
1. Terms
By accessing the website at https://jamiesanchez.com, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Jamie Sanchez’s website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:modify or copy the materials;use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on JamieSanchez.com’s website;remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; ortransfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Jamie Sanchez at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on Jamie Sanchez’s website are provided on an ‘as is’ basis. Jamie Sanchez makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.Further, Jamie Sanchez does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Jamie Sanchez or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on this website, even if Jamie Sanchez or an authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Accuracy of materials
The materials appearing on this website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Jamie Sanchez does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete or current. Jamie Sanchez may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice. However Jamie Sanchez does not make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Jamie Sanchez has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user’s own risk.
7. Modifications
Jamie Sanchez may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.
8. Governing Law
These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Illinois and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that State or location.