https://janspringerauthor.wordpress.com/privacy/
Jan Springer, Erotic Romance & JASMINE BLACK,
Erotica
HomeAudiobooks
Backlist
Boxed Sets
Cowboys Online
Deutsche
Español
etailers
Français
FREE eBooks!
GST
Italiano
Jasmine Black
Deutsche
Español
Français
Italiano
Português
Laura Kristina
Newsletters
Português
Privacy
Q&A
Series
Single Titles
Spunky Girl Bookstore
Translators
Vampira
Works In Progress
Blog
e-Books (Page 2)
Connect
Print
Book Videos
Coming Soon
About
Contact
Spunky Girl Publishing
Privacy
PRIVACY POLICY PAGE FOR THIS WEBSITE
In order to comply with new privacy and policy laws and to assist the user who is visiting this website, I hope you find the below information useful.
Please note: Any information collected at this site is used only by Jan Springer / Spunky Girl Publishing authors.
Newsletters:
The e-newsletter email addresses and names provided are stored via the third-party Yahoo groups or YMLP (Your Mailing List Provider) and is used only to send out newsletters regarding Jan Springer’s and Spunky Girl Publishing’s authors’ ebooks, audiobooks, translated ebooks and print releases. (Authors of Spunky Girl Publishing are Jan Springer, Jasmine Black, Laura Kristina and Joe Lucas).
Your name and email address are NOT sold by anyone at Spunky Girl Publishing (Jan Springer or SGP authors) to a third party nor are they made available for sale to anyone.
Your email address and name are used by Spunky Girl Publishing authors (ie: Jan Springer) to communicate directly with you which will include emails containing her newsletter.
For your convenience here is the privacy policy information for:
Yahoo Groups (ie: Jan’s Yahoo newsletter) – https://policies.oath.com/ie/en/oath/privacy/products/communications/index.html
YMLP (Your Mailing List Provider) Privacy Page (ie: Jan Springer newsletters, Jasmine Black newsletter) –https://www.ymlp.com/privacy_policy.html
YMLP Terms of Use:
https://www.ymlp.com/terms-of-service.html
OPT-OUT of newsletters
If you no longer wish to receive email messages (ie: newsletters), you can change your preferences which are available at the bottom of every newsletter from Jan Springer or Jasmine Black (whichever email newsletter you have signed up for). You can remove yourself by clicking on that link or you can contact Jan via the contact page (https://janspringerauthor.wordpress.com/contact/)
on this site and ask to be removed from the newsletter you have subscribed to. Make sure you give your name and/or the email address you signed up with.
Links to Third Parties:
If you purchase a book through a link on Jan Springer’s / Spunky Girl Publishing’s and authors website or associated social media pages please note that you will be deemed to have left this site and you will have gone to a third party site where your information / purchase will be handled by that vendor of the link you are using (e.g., Smashwords, Barnes and Noble (nook), Amazon (kindle), Kobo, Apple (ibooks), Google Play, Google Books, Excitica, Payhip (Spunky Girl Publishing bookstore), or other links. These third parties will hold your information and data separately from this website and their information is not shared with this website, Spunky Girl Publishing or Jan Springer.
This site and its authors have no control over what the third party sites do with your information therefore we are not responsible.
SMART URLS
This website also uses smart url’s (Smart Url It) which when used will send you to the third-party purchase link as mentioned above (ie: Amazon, Kobo etc…).
Information (if any) collected by the smart url it software company is not a part of this site and is considered a third party. No information (if any) collected by them is shared with this site or with Jan Springer or Spunky Girl Publishing).
Smarturl.it Privacy Policy page can be found here:
http://manage.smarturl.it/privacy
Social Media:
Please note:
If you use social media such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram etc…you will have been deemed to have left this site and gone to a third party. That third party might be using your information and we have no control on how they use your information therefore we are not responsible for what they do with your information.
Please note: Any information collected by a third party social media is NOT shared with Jan Springer or Spunky Girl Publishing or any of it’s authors. Therefore please use these social media at your own discretion and review your privacy settings and their respective policy and privacy pages.
Analytics/ Statistics/ Data Collection information:
Jan Springer / Spunky Girl Publishing and its authors have access to stats pages thru the use of WordPress which is where our website is located. The stats pages gives the number of visitor counts and names of countries and the pages visited at this website. We do NOT receive nor are we given your name or address.
Jan Springer, Spunky Girl Publishing and its authors using this site have no control over any information (if any) collected by WordPress or used by WordPress which has been sent by your computer browser or your mobile device.
This website is hosted with WordPress. For more WordPress PRIVACY etc: information please check here:
https://en-ca.wordpress.org/about/privacy/
Sharing Your Information:
There may be instances where Jan Springer, Spunky Girl Publishing and its authors have to share your information and that will only happen if requested by law or a subpoena or to protect the security of this website, to protect the security, property or rights of the authors and this website’s users.
Links to Other Websites and Services:
Jan Springer, Spunky Girl Publishing and its authors ARE NOT responsible for any policies and practices that are used by other websites or services that have been linked to or from this site. Nor are we responsible for the links placed on any comment pages by users, or any social media sites or wordpress advertising as these are third party sites and Jan Springer / Spunky Girl Publishing and its authors have no control over what these third-party sites do.
PLEASE NOTE: When you leave this site the Privacy Policy on this site does not follow you to any third-party links you may use through this site. Your browsing information and your interaction on any of the third-party websites or services that they may provide are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies and we at this site are not responsible for them because we have no control over them.
In other words, Jan Springer, Jasmine Black, Spunky Girl Publishing and the authors using this site have no control over any third parties that you authorize to access your User Content. If you are using a third-party websites or services, you will be doing so at your own risk.
UNSUBSCRIBE NEWSLETTERS:
To unsubscribe from Jan Springer and or Jasmine Black’s newsletters you’ll find an unsubscribe link at the bottom of the most recent newsletter email or use this contact link –  https://janspringerauthor.wordpress.com/contact/
here at this website and give instructions on which newsletter, your email address (and/or name) that you used to subscribe, and we will unsubscribe you no questions asked.
If you feel anything else should be added to this privacy page please use the contact page above.
Thank you and Happy Reading!
Jan Springer / Spunky Girl Publishing and its authors
If you want to share this page with your friends click on the Share icon:ShareFacebookTwitterPinterestTumblrPrintEmailLinkedInRedditLike this:Like Loading...
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Cancel
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
%d bloggers like this: