https://jcsum.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
We take your Privacy seriously.
By visiting J C Sum’s managed domains (including, but not limited to, www.jcsum.com, and www.marketingconsultant.com.sg) and websites or domain name, or any other linked pages, features, content, or application services offered from time to time by J C Sum in connection therewith (collectively, the “Website”), submitting information, or using any of our services, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”).
Information Gathered
Information that J C Sum gathers when you are accessing J C Sum’s website as a consumer or when you use J C Sum’s services as a customer (the “Information”) is covered under this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy also covers J C Sum ‘s treatment of your information that J C Sum’s business partners share with J C Sum. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that J C Sum does not own or control (such as third-party websites that you may access from the Website), or to individuals that J C Sum does not employ or manage.
J C Sum gathers Information from consumers and customers to enable us to personalize and improve our services and to allow our consumers and customers to set up accounts on the Website. In connection with the Website, we request and display some Information to other consumers and visitors of the Website, which allows consumers to identify authors and goods on the Website. We collect the following types of information from our consumers and customers.
Information You Provide to Us:
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or provide to us in any other way. The types of Information collected include, without limitation, your full name, email address, mailing address, phone number, IP address, browser information, password, contact information, credit card or bank account information, transactional information based on your activities on the Website, and media consumed on the Website including, but not limited to, media viewed (including eBooks), played, downloaded, uploaded, and shared. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of some of our features.
Information Collected Automatically:
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our Website or services. J C Sum automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, J C Sum cookie information, the page you requested, and the media you have consumed (e.g., viewed, played, downloaded, uploaded, and shared).
Generally, our service automatically collects usage information, such as the numbers and frequency of visitors to our site and its components. This data enables us to improve our Website so that we can make the it appealing to as many consumers as possible.
Cookies
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and tell us how and when pages in our site are visited and by how many people. J C Sum cookies do not collect Information, and except as necessary to investigate claims of fraud or other misconduct or as otherwise necessary to track purchases for purposes of calculating credit under our affiliate program, we do not combine the general information collected through cookies with other personal Information to tell us who you are or what your screen name or email address is.
Most browsers have an option for turning off the cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allowing you to decide on acceptance of each new cookie in a variety of ways. We strongly recommend that you leave the cookies activated, however, because cookies enable you to take advantage of some of our Website’s most attractive features.
Ads and offers appearing on the Website may be delivered to consumers and customers by our advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by J C Sum and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers or other third parties with whom J C Sum may work. J C Sum does not access or control such third-party cookies; please refer to those companies’ privacy policies.
Use of Information
The Information you provide is used for purposes such as responding to your requests for certain products and services, customizing the content you see, communicating with you about specials, sales offers, and new features, and responding to problems with our services.
J C Sum may use all of the Information that we collect from our users to understand usage trends and consumer and customer preferences, to improve the way the Website works and looks, to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, and to create new features and functionalities.
J C Sum may use automatically collected information and cookies information to: (a) remember your information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Website; (b) provide custom, personalized advertisements, content, and information; (c) monitor the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns; and (d) monitor aggregate usage metrics such as total number of visitors and pages viewed.
J C Sum may use your email address or other personally identifiable information to send you promotional or marketing information or to provide you with information about a specific program or feature you have elected to participate in or receive information about.
Information about our customers is an integral part of our business, and we may share such Information with our corporate parent or other affiliated entities. Except as expressly described below, we neither rent nor sell your Information to other people or non-affiliated companies. We may share your Information when we have your permission, and we may share your Information under the following circumstances: We provide Information, (i) to the content owners (e.g., authors and publishers) that relates to their fans/readers (e.g., regarding which fans are consuming and sharing what pieces of media at what levels), subject to the ability of such fans to opt-out of promotional communications, and (ii) we may provide aggregate information to our partners about how our consumers or customers, collectively, use our site (e.g., we share this type of statistical data so that our partners also understand how often people use their services and our Website, so that they, too, may provide you with an optimal online experience).
Third Party Service Providers: We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide products or services to you. Examples of such information include, without limitation, fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and email, analysing data, processing credit card information, and providing customer service. Unless we tell you differently, such third-party service providers do not have any right to use Information we share with them beyond what is reasonably necessary to assist us. You hereby consent to our sharing of Information for the above purposes.
Business Transfers: If J C Sum, or all or any portion of its business or assets, are acquired, sold, or otherwise transferred, including in any merger or other transaction, or in the unlikely event that J C Sum goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, consumer and customer Information would be one of the assets that is transferred to or acquired by the successor or acquirer (or a third party through bankruptcy). You acknowledge and agree that such transfers may occur in any of these circumstances, and that any acquirer or successor or other party acquiring all or any portion of J C Sum’s business or assets may continue to use your Information as set forth in this policy.
Protection of J C Sum and Others: We may release Information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with any applicable laws, rules or regulations; enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of J C Sum, our employees, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Opt-In for Promotions: We do not share personally identifiable information with other third-party organizations for their marketing or promotional use without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in.
With Your Consent: Except as set forth above, you will be notified when your Information may be shared with third parties, and will have the option of preventing the sharing of this information.
Information Security
Your J C Sum account Information is protected by a password for your privacy and security. You need to protect unauthorised access to your account and Information by selecting and protecting your password appropriately and limiting access to your computer and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account. If you share your password or your Information with others, remember that you are responsible for all actions taken in the name of your account. If you lost control of your password, you may lose substantial control over your Information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf. Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately notify J C Sum and change your password.
J C Sum attempts to protect user information to ensure that user account information is kept private; however, J C Sum cannot guarantee or ensure the security of user account information. Not even the Singapore government can guarantee that. Unauthorized entry or use by third parties, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of user information at any time, including your Information.
Your Access to Information
J C Sum may allow you to access certain information about you through the member dashboard, for the purpose of viewing, and in certain situations, updating that information.
Your Power
As stated previously, you can always opt not to disclose Information to us; provided, however, that in order to purchase goods from us as a customer or to make goods available for sale as a client, you will have to provide us with Information. If you are unwilling to provide Information, then you cannot purchase or sell goods through the J C Sum managed domains.
You are able to add or update certain information on pages, such as those listed in the member’s dashboard. When you update information, however, we often maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records.
You may request deletion of your J C Sum account by contacting J C Sum’s customer support at info@evolveadapt.com. Please note that some information may remain in our records after deletion of your account.
You will be able to opt-out of receiving e-mail notices or solicitations from J C Sum or our affiliates by responding to a link included in each e-mail notice or solicitation.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
J C Sum may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our use of your Information and will always be available at https://www.Jcsum.com/privacy. If we make a change to this policy that, in our sole discretion, is material, we will notify you via an e-mail notice to the e-mail address associated with your account. You and all consumers and customers are bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when you or they use the Website after such changes have been first posted.
Third Party Advertisers and Other Links
The Website contains links to other sites, including the sites of the authors, publishers and other artists from which you purchase or use products or services through the Website. J C Sum is not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites (including the authors, photographers, publishers and other artists from which you purchase or use products or services through the Website). When linking to another site you should read the privacy policy stated on that site. This Privacy Policy only governs information collected on the Website.
International Users
The Website is hosted in the Republic of Singapore. If you are a customer or client accessing the Website from outside Singapore with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure, that differ from Singapore laws, then please note that you are transferring your personal data to Singapore which does not have the same data protection laws as other countries.
By providing your personal data to J C Sum through the Website, you consent to:
the use of your personal data for the uses identified above in accordance with the Privacy Policy; and
the transfer of your personal data to the Republic of Singapore as indicated above.
Last Updated 05 May 2020
Close Menu