https://jeejeebhoy.ca/privacy-policy/
Skip to the content
Close
Shop
Library of Books, Essays, PoetryShow sub menu
Aban’s Accension
Concussion Is Brain Injury
LifelinerShow sub menu
Sneak Peek
Dr. Khursheed N. Jeejeebhoy
Readings
Photo Gallery
Book Club Questions
Translated Articles
She
Time and Space
Book Reviews
EssayShow sub menu
How To Autograph Your Book
Convert Your Old TV to Digital and Get FREE TV
How To Get Free High-Definition Television — HDTV Isn’t Just on Cable!
Starting a CafePress Shop
Poetry
Story
Podcasts
Blog
Brain Terms
Buy Books
Testimonials
Reviews
About
Contact
Privacy Policy
© 2020 Shireen Jeejeebhoy
Twitter
Flickr
Fb
Linkedin
Youtube
Welcome to another eye-glazing privacy policy. Below you will find all the applicable boiler plate gobbledy-gook that renders down to one cogent comment: I value privacy. I take my own privacy seriously; and I’m not interested in breaching yours. When you leave a comment or send me an email, I’ll see the name you choose to leave, your email address, and your comment. Those will remain in my inbox; emails sent to me through the contact form will not be shared without your consent; comments left on posts are obviously publicly visible but your email is not. When you visit my website, statistical software I use collects anonymized data, that means, I haven’t a clue who you are. When you search using Google and find my website, it’s virtually impossible to know what search string brought you to my website. I use Feedblitz  to power my weekly updates. If you choose to subscribe to my newsletter (weekly updates), I will see only the first name you choose to give and email address. Feedblitz’s own privacy policy governs the rest of the administration of the newsletter. I use Google AdSense to serve ads on this website. Google’s privacy policy page is here.
Who we are
Our website address is: https://jeejeebhoy.ca.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Contact
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
No one.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
What rights you have over your data
If you have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. Be aware, I don’t have a database of commenters so it would be a manual search. I’m one person with heavy fatigue issues. It could take awhile. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
We collect information about visitors who comment on Sites that use our Akismet anti-spam service. The information we collect depends on how the User sets up Akismet for the Site, but typically includes the commenter’s IP address, user agent, referrer, and Site URL (along with other information directly provided by the commenter such as their name, username, email address, and the comment itself).
Your contact information
Additional information
How we protect your data
This site uses SSL.
What data breach procedures we have in place
What third parties we receive data from
None.
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
None.
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
N/A.