https://jennings-organs.co.uk/privacy/
HOMEPAGEHOMEPAGE
ABOUTABOUT
INSTRUMENTSINSTRUMENTS
WORK IN PROGRESSWORK IN PROGRESS
CONTACTCONTACT
HOMEPAGEHOMEPAGE
ABOUTABOUT
INSTRUMENTSINSTRUMENTS
WORK IN PROGRESSWORK IN PROGRESS
CONTACTCONTACT
Privacy Policy
Information provided to Robin Jennings by users through the use of this website will be treated in confidence and will not be disclosed to third parties unless required to do so by law.
The JenningsOrgans.co.uk website does not store or capture personal information, unless voluntarily offered (for example via feedback forms and e-mail), but merely logs the user’s IP address which is automatically recognised by the web server.
Cookies
This site uses cookies. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your computer’s hard drive to help the site provide a better user experience. In general, cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. They are used to retain user preferences, store information for things like shopping carts, and provide anonymous tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We use this information for statistical analysis purposes.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the About Cookies website which offers guidance for all modern browsers. Please note that disabling cookies may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
By continuing to use this site you are considered as understanding and agreeing to the contents of this statement.
Where the provision of personal data is required to enable us to provide a specific service to the user the details collected will only be used for the stated purpose.
Cookies enabled on this site include:
Google Analytics – see Google for more information
For full details of all the cookies on this site please visit Cookie-Checker.com
Privacy - Jennings Organs
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thank you