http://jerryspringertv.com/popups/terms
Welcome to the JERRYSPRINGERTV.COM web site. Universal Syndicated Productions LLC, its parent, subsidiary and affiliated companies ("UNI-TALK") maintain this site ("Site") for your personal entertainment, information, education, and communication. Please feel free to browse the Site at any time; however, by browsing this Site, you are subject to the terms and conditions ("Terms and Conditions") of this Site. By accessing this Site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the following Terms and Conditions. If you do NOT accept the Terms and Conditions, then please discontinue your use of this Site.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Use of Site
UNI-TALK reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to amend the Terms and Conditions, and to modify, add or discontinue any aspect, content, or feature of the Site. Such amendments, modifications, additions, deletions shall become effective upon notice thereof, which may be provided to you by posting on the Site, via e-mail or any other means. Continued use of the Site by you shall constitute your binding acceptance of any such amendments, modifications, additions or deletions. The Site is owned and operated by UNI-TALK and it?s affiliated companies and contains material that is derived in whole or in part from material supplied and owned by UNI-TALK and other sources. Such material is protected by copyright, trademark, and other applicable laws. You may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, publicly display, prepare derivative works based on, or distribute in any way any material from the Site, including but not limited to text, audio, video, code and software. During your visit, however, you may download material displayed on the Site for non-commercial, personal use only (provided that you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials). UNI-TALK neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on the Site will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with UNI-TALK.
Disclaimer of Warranties
While UNI-TALK uses reasonable efforts to include up to date information on the Site, UNI-TALK makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy, timeliness, reliability, completeness or otherwise. UNI-TALK has provided links and pointers to Internet sites maintained by third parties ("Third Party Sites") and may from time to time provide third party materials on the Site. Neither UNI-TALK, its parent, subsidiary companies, affiliates, or suppliers operate or control in any respect the information, products or services on these Third Party Sites. The content, materials, and products or services available in or accessible through the Site are AS IS and, to the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, UNI-TALK DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND WARRANTIES IMPLIED FROM A COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR COURSE OF DEALING. UNI-TALK DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN SUCH MATERIALS AND PRODUCTS, OR IN THE SITE, WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, WILL BE AVAILABLE FOR USE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE SITE, INCLUDING THE STORAGE SERVICES AND THEIR CONTENTS, OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES THEM AVAILABLE, ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
Limitation of Liability
YOUR USE OF, AND BROWSING IN, THE SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. YOU ASSUME FULL RESPONSIBILITY FOR IMPLEMENTING SUFFICIENT PROCEDURES AND CHECKS TO SATISFY YOUR REQUIREMENTS FOR THE ACCURACY AND SUITABILITY OF THE SITE, INCLUDING THE INFORMATION, AND FOR MAINTAINING ANY MEANS THAT YOU MAY REQUIRE FOR THE RECONSTRUCTION OF LOST DATA OR SUBSEQUENT MANIPULATIONS OR ANALYSES OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDED HEREUNDER. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND ANY INFORMATION SENT OR RECEIVED IN CONNECTION THEREWITH, MAY NOT BE SECURE AND MAY BE INTERCEPTED BY UNAUTHORIZED PARTIES. YOU ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY MAINTENANCE, REPAIR OR CORRECTION TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR OTHER PROPERTY. IN NO EVENT SHALL UNI-TALK, ITS PARENT OR SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES OR ITS AFFILIATES OR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHER DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF THE SITE OR WITH THE DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE, OR FOR ANY INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ADVERTISED IN OR OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE, UNI-TALK'S REMOVAL OR DELETION OF ANY MATERIALS OR RECORDS SUBMITTED OR POSTED ON ITS SITE, OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THE SITE, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF UNI-TALK OR ANY OF ITS SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES, AFFILIATES OR SUPPLIERS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES. THIS WAIVER APPLIES, WITHOUT LIMITATION, TO ANY DAMAGES OR INJURY ARISING FROM ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DELETION, DEFECT, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, COMPUTER VIRUS, FILE CORRUPTION, COMMUNICATION-LINE FAILURE, NETWORK OR SYSTEM OUTAGE, OR THEFT, DESTRUCTION, UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO, ALTERATION OF, OR USE OF ANY RECORD. YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT UNI-TALK, ITS PARENT OR SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES, AFFILIATES OR SUPPLIERS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY USER OF THE SITE.
Submissions
While we are always happy to hear from you, it is UNI-TALK?s policy not to accept or consider creative materials, ideas, or suggestions other than those we specifically request. This is to avoid any misunderstandings if your ideas are similar to those we have developed independently. Therefore, we must request that you do NOT send to us any original creative materials such as screenplays, stories, original artwork, etc. Any communication or material you do transmit to the Site by electronic mail or otherwise will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. Anything you transmit or post shall be deemed the property of and may be used by UNI-TALK, or its affiliates, for any purpose, including, but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting. Furthermore, UNI-TALK is free to use and shall be deemed to own, any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to the Site for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such information. Disclosure, submission, or offer of any submissions to the Site shall constitute an assignment to UNI-TALK of all worldwide rights, titles, and interests in all copyrights and other intellectual property rights in such submission. UNI-TALK may edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate, and otherwise use in any medium any submission that you forward to UNI-TALK and will own exclusively all such rights, titles, and interest and shall not be limited in any way in its use, commercial or otherwise, of the submission. UNI-TALK is and shall be under no obligation to: (1) maintain any of your or any user's submissions in confidence; (2) to pay to you or any user any compensation for any submissions; or (3) to respond to any of your or any other user's submissions.
Trademarks
The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively the "Trademarks") displayed on the Site are registered and unregistered Trademarks of UNI-TALK and others. Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the Site without the written permission of UNI-TALK or such third party that may own the Trademarks displayed on the Site. Your misuse of the Trademarks displayed on the Site, or any other content on the Site, except as provided in these Terms and Conditions, is strictly prohibited. You are also advised that UNI-TALK will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including seeking of criminal prosecution.
Merchants
Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of, merchants found on or through the Site, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties, or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such merchant. UNI-TALK will NOT be responsible or liable for any loss and/ or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such merchants on the Site.
Chat Rooms / Message Boards / Bulletin Boards
The Site may provide you and other users an opportunity to submit, post, display, transmit and/or exchange information, ideas, opinions, photographs, images, video, creative works or other information, messages, transmissions or material to us, the Site or others ("Post" or "Postings"). Postings do not reflect the views of UNI-TALK; and UNI-TALK does not have any obligation to monitor, edit, or review any Postings on the Site. UNI-TALK assumes NO responsibility or liability arising from the content of any such Postings nor for any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger, or inaccuracy contained in any information within such Postings on the Site. You are strictly prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. UNI-TALK will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing Universal to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such information or materials.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold UNI-TALK and its parent, affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, owners, employees, agents, information providers and licensors (collectively the "Indemnified Parties") harmless from and against any and all claims, liability, losses, actions, suits, costs and expenses (including attorneys' fees) arising out of or incurred by any breach by you of these Terms and Conditions. UNI-TALK reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, and in such case, you agree to cooperate with UNI-TALK's defense of such claim.
Registration
Should UNI-TALK choose to provide member-based services ("Services") on the Site, when you register to use these Services, you may be required to provide certain personally identifiable information about yourself. You agree to provide true, accurate and complete information about yourself, and to update the information when it changes. If you provide any information that is untrue or inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, or if UNI-TALK suspects that your information is untrue, inaccurate, or incomplete, then UNI-TALK may, in its sole discretion, suspend, terminate, or refuse future access to your membership in these Services. Any personally identifiable information provided at points of registration on the Site will be subject to the JERRY SPRINGER TV Web Site Privacy Policy which can be read by clicking here.
Termination
UNI-TALK may, in its sole discretion, terminate your password, account (or any part thereof) or your access to the Site, or remove and discard any Communication transmitted by you, or information stored, sent, or received via the Site without prior notice and for any reason, including, but not limited to: (i) concurrent access of the Site with identical user identification numbers, (ii) permitting another person or entity to use your user identification number to access the Site, (iii) any other access or use of the Site except as expressly provided in this Agreement, (iv) any violation of the terms and conditions of this Agreement or the rules and regulations relating to the use of, the software and/or data files contained in, or accessed through, the Site, (v) tampering with or alteration of any of the software and/or data files contained in, or accessed through, the Site, or (vi) failure to use the Site or portion thereof on a regular basis. You may terminate your membership hereunder upon thirty (30) days written notice by you to UNI-TALK of your intent to terminate this Agreement. Termination, suspension, or cancellation of this Agreement or your access rights shall not affect any right or relief to which UNI-TALK may be entitled, at law or in equity. Upon termination of this Agreement, all rights granted to you will automatically terminate and immediately revert to UNI-TALK and its licensors.
Children Online Protection Act Notification
Pursuant to 47 U.S.C. Section 230 (d) as amended, UNI-TALK hereby notifies you that parental control protections (such as computer hardware, software, or filtering services) are commercially available that may assist you in limiting access to material that is harmful to minors. Information identifying current providers of such protections is available at the American Links Up web site, http://www.netparents.org. To view information on our policy regarding the privacy of information from children under the age of 13, please click here to read the Jerry Springer TV Web Site Privacy Policy.
Export Control
The Site is controlled and Operated by UNI-TALK from its offices within the State of California, United States of America. Unless otherwise specified, the materials on the Site are presented solely to promote and provide information about UNI-TALK's products and services available in the United States. UNI-TALK makes no representation that the materials in the Site are appropriate or available for use in other locations and other countries. Those who choose to access the Site from other locations or other countries do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws in that territory, if and to the extent that local laws are applicable. Software available from the Site is further subject to United States export controls. No software from the Site may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported: (A) into (or to a national resident of) Cuba, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Iran, Syria, or any other country to which the U.S. has embargoed goods, or (B) to anyone on the U. S. Treasury Department list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Deny Orders. By using the Site, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list.
Infringement Policy
UNI-TALK, pursuant to 17 U.S.C. Section 512 as amended by Title II of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the "Act"), reserves the right, but not the obligation, to terminate your license to use the Site if it determines in its sole and absolute discretion that you are involved in infringing activity, including allege acts of first-time or repeat infringement, regardless of whether the material or activity is ultimately determined to be infringing. UNI-TALK accommodates and does not interfere with standard technical measures used by copyright owners to protect their materials. In addition, pursuant to 17 U.S.C. Section 512 (c), UNI-TALK has implemented procedures for receiving written notification of claimed infringements and for processing such claims in accordance with the Act. All claims of infringement must be submitted to UNI-TALK in a written complaint that complies with the requirements below and delivered to our designated agent to receive notification of claimed infringement by mail:
Gillian M. Lusins NBC Law Department 30 Rockefeller Plaza, RM. 1081E New York, NY 10009 Email: dmca-agent@nbci.com
In addition, any written notice regarding any defamatory or infringing activity, whether of a copyright, patent, trademark or other proprietary right must include the following information:
A. A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of (1) the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed or (2) the person defamed. B. Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site. Similarly, for materials that are defamatory or infringe patent, trademark, or other proprietary rights of a third party, please submit a list of such materials. C. Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing, to be the subject of infringing activity, or that is claimed to be defamatory and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material. D. Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact you, such as your address, telephone number, and/ or e-mail address. E. A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material, in the manner complained, of is not authorized by the copyright or other proprietary right owner, its agent, or the law. F. A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed or on behalf of the person defamed.
Governance
This agreement shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, as it is applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely with such state. Any action you, any third party or UNI-TALK bring to enforce this agreement or, in connection with, any matters related to this Site shall be brought only in either the state or Federal Courts located in New York County, New York and you expressly consent to the jurisdiction of said courts. If any provision of this agreement shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. This agreement and any posted operating rules constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether oral or written, between the parties with respect to such subject matter.
TERMS OF SUBMISSIONS
Stamford Media Center & Productions, LLC ("SMCP") located at 307 Atlantic Street, Stamford, CT 06901, invites you to join in on the fun with The Jerry Springer Show (the "Show") by giving you the opportunity to submit your own video, photograph, musical composition, tweet, post, comment and/or any other form of original content (the "Submission"). Your Submission should be original and not infringe on any third party rights, including without limitation, copyright, trademark, or patent, or create claims for idea misappropriation or breach of contract. You must have the permission of any person who appears in your Submission or who you identify or otherwise refer to in your Submission. In order to participate, you must be eighteen (18) years old. If you are under the age of eighteen (18) years old, you must obtain prior permission from your parent or legal guardian before submitting your Submission. If you are submitting a photo and/or video of a minor, you must be the parent or legal guardian of any minor who appears in your Submission.
You understand that although you may believe your Submission to be unique and novel, there may be pre-existing ideas, concepts, or proposals that are similar to your Submission. By submitting your Submission, you recognize that other persons, including NBCU's own employees, may have submitted to NBCU or others, or made public, or may in the future originate and submit or make public, similar or identical ideas, concepts, or proposals that NBCU may have the right to use, and you understand that you will not be entitled to any compensation because of NBCU's use of such similar or identical ideas, concepts, or proposals in any manner. You understand and agree that NBCU's use of material containing features or elements similar or identical to those contained in your Submission will not obligate NBCU to negotiate with you or entitle you to any compensation if NBCU determines that it has an independent legal right to use that other material for any reason (for example, because the features or elements are not new or novel, were not originated by you, or were or may hereafter be independently created and submitted by other persons, including your employees). By submitting your Submission, you agree that your Submission may be broadcast on-air, on the Show's website located at [http://www.jerryspringertv.com] (the "Website"), and in promotion and advertising for the Show on-air and off-air and on the Website (together, the "Materials") and that NBCU may exploit your Submission and the Materials howsoever it chooses in any and all markets and media now known or hereafter devised, throughout the world in perpetuity, without additional notification, permission, approval, or compensation.
You grant NBCU and its licensees, successors and assigns the non-exclusive, royalty-free, and irrevocable rights to use, reproduce, copy, publish, display, distribute, perform, translate, adapt, modify, and otherwise exploit your Submission and to incorporate your Submission in other works in any and all markets and media, now known or hereafter devised, throughout the world in perpetuity, without additional notification, permission, approval, or compensation. You warrant that you have the sole and exclusive right to grant such rights to NBCU and that NBCU's reproduction, publishing, displaying, and/or other use of your Submission will not infringe on any rights of third parties, including, without limitation, copyright, trademark, patent, privacy, or publicity, or create claims for defamation, false light, idea misappropriation, intentional or negligent infliction of emotional distress, or breach of contract.
By submitting your Submission, you consent to the recording, use, and reuse by NBCU and its licensees, successors, and assigns of your social media user name, your and/or your child's voice, actions, likeness, name, appearance, biographical material, and any other identifying information, including without limitation, any information contained in your Submission or social media profile, as used, edited, altered, fictionalized, or modified by NBCU, in its sole discretion, in any and all markets and media, now known or hereafter devised, throughout the world in perpetuity, including, without limitation, in and in connection with NBCU, the Website, or related sites or services, in and in connection with any television programs and other productions, and in and in connection with advertising, promotion, and publicity.
You acknowledge and agree that NBCU, its licensees, successors, and assigns will be entitled to retain any and all revenue generated from any sales, licenses, assignments, and other transfers of the rights granted by you hereunder, as well as any and all revenue generated by the display of any advertising, publicity, promotional materials, or distribution rights in connection with your Submission or the Materials. Nothing in these Terms of Submission obligates or may be deemed to obligate NBCU or any other person or entity to exercise any of the rights granted by you under these Terms of Submission. NBCU and its successors, licensees, and assigns, will have the unlimited right to assign these Terms of Submission and the rights granted by you under these Terms of Submission at any time, in whole or in part, to any party. Your Submission may not be identifiable. NBCU will have the right to make any changes to your Submission as it determines in its sole discretion. Your Submission should not contain material that is violent, pornographic, obscene, illegal, inappropriate, or racially or morally offensive. Your Submission must be your own original work. You agree that NBCU and its licensees, successors, and assigns shall have no obligation to give you credit for your Submission but in their sole discretion may elect to do so. Your Submission will not be acknowledged or returned. You acknowledge and agree that you are sending your Submission voluntarily and not in confidence and that no confidential relationship is intended or created between NBCU and/or any other person or entity, on the one hand, and you, on the other hand, by your submission of your Submission.
You understand that there will be no payment for your submission or the use of your Submission. You understand that no industry custom or practice applies to your agreement that you will not be paid for your Submission. You understand that if your Submission is selected for use, such use will not be considered an employment opportunity. If you do not want your Submission to be used and broadcast by NBCU, then please do not participate.