https://joelocke.com/store/terms-and-conditions/
Search for:
Exit
The term nadworks cb for Wire Walker / Joe Locke or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owners and creators of this website. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
1. Terms and Conditions
This website is maintained by nadworks cb for Wire Walker / Joe Locke. The following are terms and conditions of use of the site. If you do not accept these conditions you must not use the website.
Unless specified to the contrary, the contents of this website and these pages are protected by copyright and no part of them may be reproduced in any form or used in any other way except with nadworks’ and Joe Locke’s prior written permission or in accordance with the next term set out below.
You may print off or download the visible text on the site for personal non-commercial purposes but it may not be used for any other purpose. Further, you may not reproduce any other part of the website, including but not limited to the structure, overall style and program code.
nadworks cb for Wire Walker / Joe Locke gives no warranty and makes no representation as to the content of this site or its accuracy and accepts no liability for any errors or omissions in it. nadworks cb for Wire Walker / Joe Locke does not warrant that your use of the site will not infringe third party rights.nadworks cb for Wire Walker / Joe Locke does not warrant that use of this site or materials downloaded from it will not cause computer virus infection or other damage to property. It is a condition of use of the site and the materials in it that use is at the user’s own risk. Neither nadworks cb for Wire Walker / Joe Locke nor any of the site’s editors or contributors shall be liable for any loss or damages suffered as a result of any use of the site, including but not limited to direct loss, consequential loss and loss of profits (but not including death or personal injury).
This site includes links to other sites on the world wide web. We are not responsible for such sites and cannot vouch for the suitability or accuracy of their content. You link to them at your own risk.
nadworks cb for Wire Walker / Joe Locke may monitor communications on the site but is under no obligation to do so. You must not post any material onto the site which is defamatory, obscene or blasphemous, which infringes third party rights or which could in any other way give rise to criminal or civil liability in any jurisdiction. We shall have no liability for any such material. We may in our absolute discretion remove any material if in our view it falls or might fall within the foregoing categories or is otherwise inappropriate. We shall own any material you send to the site or to us, shall not be obliged to treat any such communication as confidential and may exploit any such communication and its contents in such ways as we see fit.
Wire Walker is Joe Locke’s registered BMI publishing company. You must not use these or any other registered or unregistered trade marks on the site without Joe Locke’s prior written permission.
These conditions of use are governed by English law and any dispute connected with this site is subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
2. Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how nadworks cb for Wire Walker / Joe Locke uses and protects any information that you give us when you use this website.
nadworks cb for Wire Walker / Joe Locke is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
[business name] may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 01 January 2004.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
• full name and title
• contact information including email address
• demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
• other information relevant to music, customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
• Internal record keeping.
• We may use the information to improve our products and services.
• We may periodically send promotional email about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
• From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to .
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Search for:
Joe endorses Malletech mallets, vibraphones and the Malletech Vibes Pickup System.
RT @nadworks: Scary masses of unmasked people spilling out into the streets every day at the same time, blocking pavements, close together,…20 days agoA benediction on my divided country, on one brief celebratory day - Saturday, November 7th, 2020.
#Election2020… https://t.co/yqi6mXK4Fv23 days agoRT @nadworks: Best weekend of 2020 so far! https://t.co/ddhQfA6XhQ31 days ago
Follow @joelockecom
We would like to keep you posted about new projects, releases and tour dates.
Select your global region
Please choose
world wide
Europe
North America
Your Country
Please choose
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegowina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
France, Metropolitan
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and Mc Donald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran (Islamic Republic of)
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
North Korea
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
FYROM
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovak Republic
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia &amp; South Sandwich Islands
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre and Miquelon
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Democratic Republic of Congo
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Close
Mobile navigation
News history
Live
Work
Discography
Subtle Disguise
Education
Endorsements
Bio
Media
Photo / Video Galleries
Press info
Biography
Contact
Contact
Music Store
Albums
Sheet Music
Package Deals
Cart
Checkout
Your Account
Go top
We've got cookies! What?Okay