http://johnrpierce.com/privacy.html
johnrpierce.com
Privacy policy
Terms of use
Privacy policy
This website does not collect information that is personally identifiable.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to administer the site, track user movement and gather demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to identifiable information.
Sharing
We will share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person
Links
This website contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. Read the privacy statements of each website that collects identifiable information.
Third party advertisement servers such as The LinkShare Network may collect information as a result of your clicking on certain links on this site.
Google
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to the site's users based on their visit to this site and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Other third parties
Other third parties (including amazon.co.uk and other advertisers) may serve content and advertisements, collect information directly from visitors, and place or recognize cookies on visitors' browsers.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We and the third parties we authorize may receive and store certain types of non-personally identifiable information whenever you interact with us by using "cookies," "web beacons" and analogous technology. "Cookies" are small files that are placed on your computer or your internet browser memory to enable the owner of the cookie to recognize your browser and to provide convenience and other features to you. It is important to note that the cookies that we use, or permit others to use, do not contain and are not tied to personally-identifiable information about you.
You may be able to direct your internet browser not to allow cookies and you can typically delete existing cookies from your computer at any time. Please note, however, if you set such browser settings or delete existing cookies then some elements of our website may not function properly or be available to you.
Preference Based Advertising
We also work with and permit certain third parties, including, but not limited to advertising networks and website analysis firms, to place cookies on your computer or browser when you view, click or otherwise interact with advertisements that are featured on our website. These third party cookies and analogous technology are used to gather non-personally identifiable information about your activities on our website and third party sites you may visit to serve you with advertisements that are relevant to your interests and preferences while you are on third party sites. Some of these third parties participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA"), an industry self-regulatory program to give consumers a better understanding of and greater control over ads that are customized on the basis of their online behavior across different web sites. To learn more and make choices about preference-based ads from participating third parties, please visit the DAA website at www.aboutads.info.
Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may update or change this Policy from time to time, with or without any advance notice. The date of the last change or update to this Policy shall be noted at the end of this Policy, and any changes made will be effective upon posting of the revised version. We encourage you to check this policy whenever you use our website and services to understand how your personal information is used.
Limitation of liability and disclaimer
We obtain the Content from a wide variety of sources and it includes facts, views, opinions and information likely to be of interest to users of the Web Site.
While all reasonable care is taken, we do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, performance or fitness for any particular purpose of the Content or the Web Site, nor do we endorse or accept any responsibility for any views, advice, recommendations or opinions expressed on this Web Site. You should note that any contact or arrangements made between you and a third party named on this Web Site is at your own risk, and we accept no liability.
The Content should only be used for your general information and use and not by way of specific recommendation or advice as every individual's circumstances are different.
We do not give any warranties in respect of the Content or the Web Site, including without limitation any warranty about freedom from viruses or other contamination or that the Web Site is compatible with any computer systems, software and browsers.
Country of this website
This website is based in the United States of America.
Nonapplication of California Consumer Privacy Act
The California Consumer Privacy Act does not apply to this website, the reason being that this website does not earn more than $25 million in gross revenue, does not collect data on more than 50,000 people, and does not derive revenue from selling consumer data.
Most recently updated:
December 31, 2019