https://jttarchive.net/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
You are hereHome > Cookie and Privacy Policy
Below you can read about the JTTArchive.Net privacy policy as well as how we handle your personal information.
JTTArchive.net use cookies with the following purposes:
Technical functionality, including login, in order to store your preferences
Visitor analysis, to count the number of visitors and visits – this is only for internal and data is never shared with 3rd parties
Owner information
This website is owned and hosted by:
Jens Christian Skov
Hammeren 32, 1, 196
DK-2630 Taastrup
Denmark
E-mail: contact@jttarchive.net
Cookies
A cookie is a small textfile stored in your browser. These are used to recognise your computer on return visits to the site. They do not contain any personal informations, and can’t contain virus or malware.
Cookies are automatically deleted after a set period of time – the time may vary, but are renewed on every visit to our website.
How to prevent cookies
If you don’t want to accept cookies, you can delete and/or block them. You can find a guide for your browser here: http://www.whatarecookies.com/delete.asp
What does JTTArchive.Net use cookies for?
We use the cookies for statistics of the number of users and their visits. Data includes browser information and location based on IP address.
Statistics are gathered using Matomo, a self hosted analytics software, which ensures that your data is not shared with 3rd parties.
Use of personal information
We never share any personal information with 3rd parties. If you create an account on the website we store your e-mail address, chosen username and password.
No personal information is stored without your consent.
The personal information you provide when creating an account is only used when you interact with the forum and/or comment on posts on the website.
Contact regarding personal information
If you want access to the information which are registered about you at JTTArchive.Net, you need to send a mail to contact@jttarchive.net.
If we have any wrong information stored about you, or you have any concerns you can contact the same address.
You have the option to get insight into which information is registered about you, and you can challenge the data store in accordance with Danish and European legislation.
Protection of personal information
All data is protected and stores safe and confidential. We do our outmost to protect your data, and systems are monitored closely, however we can not give you a 100% guarantee that security can’t be breached.
The data you provide on the website is your own responsibility, and you agree to this if and when you create an account on the website.
We maintain our right to update these guidelines in order to comply with new legislation and changes. If we make significant changes, you will be notified when you visit the site.
Share on Facebook
Share
0
Share on TwitterTweet
0
Total
Shares
Log In
Log In
Username:
Password:
Keep me signed in
Log In
Latest posts
The Advocate: Uncommonly Grounded
February 15, 2020February 15, 202002194
Home Improvement promos posted by Tim Allen
November 24, 201802191
Jonathan elected for the SAG-AFTRA National Board
August 25, 2017August 27, 2017023772
On the Jonathan Taylor Thomas Archive [JTTArchive.Net] we use cookies when you create and sign into an account and for visitor analytics. Please read through our Cookie and Privacy Policy page (click on read more) to get to know how we use and store data about you.
If you click "Agree" means that you have read and agree to our privacy policy.
AgreeDisagreeRead more