https://juliatrops.com/privacy-policy-2/
Privacy Policy - Julia Trops - Canadian Artist
Skip to content
Menu
Skip to content
Home
The Artist
Julia Trops CV
How do I paint thee….
Portfolio
Community
Community: Livessence Society for Figurative Artists and Models
Community: Okanagan Erotic Art Show
Community: Studio 113 Cooperative
Community: Westside Culture Days
Community: Suk’temsqilx’w West Kelowna Arts Council
Community: The Spirit of the Okanagan
Community: The Okanagan Butterfly
Community: Respecting Traditional Knowledge & Protocols
MAIS
MAIS: Bridging Cultures
MAIS: The Project Works of Bridging Cultures
MAIS: The Real Canadian Un-opoly FAQs
TRC
Shop
My account
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Return Policy
Cart
Checkout
Contact Me
Julia Trops – Canadian Artist
Interested in representing me or buying my work? Contact me.
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://juliatrops.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Contact forms
Your information on contact forms are not kept or referenced unless you indicate otherwise.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
We don’t share or sell your data.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Quick LinksHome
The Artist
Portfolio
Cart
Contact Me
Products
Small Beads Deep Red Wood Bracelet Mala
Citrine Glass Bead Buddha Bracelet
$45.00
Palo Santo Wood Incense Stick Peru Ecuador
$3.00
African Turquoise Buddha Bracelet
$20.00
Amazonite Obsidian Wish Music Bracelet
$25.00
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
RSS
© 2020 Julia Trops – Canadian Artist All Rights Reserved
Privacy Policy
Theme: Bottomless Themes