https://kallmancreates.com/privacy-policy/
Call Dan at 507-645-8788
Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We care about protecting the privacy of customers and visitors to this web site.  We collect information only in order to better serve you, and we collect and store only personal information that is knowingly provided to us. This Privacy Policy explains the way we use information collected in the process of doing business with you, and the choices you can make about the collection and use of this information.
The website https://kallmancreates.com is the web presence for Daniel Kallman, Composer, and for the business Kallman Creates Publications, 519 Winona St., Northfield, MN, 55057. Phone: 507-645-8788.
Contact forms
Personal information submitted via contact forms may be kept for a certain period for customer service purposes, but we do not use the information submitted through them for marketing purposes.
What we collect and store
Cookies are used by WooCommerce in a variety of ways. However, no personal information is collected, and, since we don’t have an active shopping cart or account log-in capability, there are not as many types of cookies used.  While you visit our site, we’ll track:
Products you’ve viewed: we’ll use this to, for example, show you products you’ve recently viewed.
Location, IP address and browser type: Woocommerce collects this information to give us an overall, general picture of where our viewers are located.
When you purchase from us, you will  provide information via email which may include your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, and/or phone number. You may also provide us with tax-exempt information for your organization. We’ll use this information for purposes, such as, to:
Send you information about your account and order
Respond to your requests, including refunds and complaints
Process payments
Comply with any legal obligations we have, such as calculating taxes
Improve our store offerings
Send you marketing messages, if you choose to receive them
We generally store information about you for as long as we need the information for the purposes for which we collect and use it, and we are not legally required to continue to keep it.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We use Google Analytics to help us understand website traffic and webpage usage. Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
What we share with others
We accept payments through PayPal. When processing payments, some of your data will be passed to PayPal, including information required to process or support the payment, such as the purchase total and billing information.
Our contact forms may use Akismet anti-spam service. The information we collect may include IP address, user agent, referrer, and Site URL (along with other information such as name, username, email address, and any comments).