http://karaokescene.com/privacy.php
KARAOKE SCENE MAGAZINE ONLINE! - The information we collect is used for internal review and is then discarded, used to improve the content of our Web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, used to notify Visitors about updates to our Web site, shared with other reputable organizations to help them contact Visitors for marketing purposes, not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
Home | Contact Us | Site Map
Karaoke SceneYour complete karaoke resource for everything karaoke
Karaoke Scene
Homepage
What's New
Karaoke Forums
Showcase
Submissions
Members
Submit Song
Directories
Club Directory
KJ Directory
Photo Gallery
Song Search
Events
Calendar
KaraokeFest
SongBurst
Sales
Order Magazine
Premium Membership
Login
Username:
Password:
Remember Me:
Custom Search
You need a Frames Capable browser to view this content.
Offsite Links
Command Comfort
Power Karaoke
VocoPro
Social Networks
Tweet
KS Newsletter
Privacy Policy - Karaoke Scene Magazine (Online):
This is the web site of Karaoke Scene Magazine (Online).
We can be reached via e-mail by using the contact page
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes the consumer's IP Address, domain name and e-mail address (where possible).
We collect the IP Address, domain name and e-mail address (where possible) of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who post messages to our bulletin board, the e-mail addresses of those who make postings to our chat areas, aggregate information on what pages Visitors access, user-specific information on what pages Visitors access, information volunteered by the visitor, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used for internal review and is then discarded, used to improve the content of our Web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, used to notify Visitors about updates to our Web site, shared with other reputable organizations to help them contact Visitors for marketing purposes, not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that Visitors add to their shopping cart, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, alert visitors to new areas that we think might be of interest to them when they return to our site, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site , customize Web page content based on visitors' browser type or other information that the visitor sends.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by contacting us.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events.
If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by contacting us. Please provide us with your name and phone number.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice.
If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses.
If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to financial information (e.g., credit card account information) that we maintain about them, unique identifier information (e.g., customer number or password) that we maintain about them, transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them, contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them .
Visitors can acquire this information by accessing the area where they submitted it.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information, financial information, unique identifiers, transaction information, communications that the consumer/visitor has directed to the site.
Visitors can acquire this information by accessing the area where they submitted it.
With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us.
Privacy Policy | Anti-Spam Policy | Acceptable Use Policy | Karaoke History
Copyright © 2020 Karaoke Scene Magazine Online
design & hosting by Cross Web Tech