https://kawaius.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
KAWAI AMERICA PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy is delivered on behalf of KAWAI America Corporation (“KAWAI America”, “we”, “our” or “us”). Your privacy is important to us. We provide this Policy to explain how KAWAI America collects, uses and protects the information that you provide to us via our website or by doing business with us.
This KAWAI America website is intended for our U.S. customers and is in compliance with applicable privacy laws in the U.S. For residents in European Economic Area (EEA) or other countries, please also refer to KAWAI Group’s Global Privacy Policy regarding our practices for processing and managing personal data we collect.
Information We Collect
We may collect the following information about customers, business partners and our website users:
Name, mailing address, date of birth (age), gender, contact information (phone number, email address), affiliation (workplace, membership, position, school, etc.), information in relation to personal preference (favourite pastime, hobby, interest, sports, etc.), other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers.
Information We Collect Automatically
We automatically collect certain information when you visit our website, such as your IP address, which web pages you visit and for how long, your operating system and browser type.
Information We Obtain from a Third Party
The descriptions and source of personal information that we obtain from a third party are as follows:
Descriptions of the information we obtain
Name, address, date of birth (age), gender, contact information (phone number, email address)Product information, other information in relation to service to customers
Source from which we obtain the information
Musical instrument dealers, music schools, music associations, conferences and events, etc.
How We Use the Information
We may use the information collected pursuant to this Policy in the following ways:
To complete commercial transaction of sales or to provide after-sale services or maintenance services.
To respond to inquiries or requests from customers or to fulfill our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contract with customers including for billing and collection.
To send brochures or promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting.
To engage in credit management and collection operations and performing credit assessment.
To respond to applicants, etc., for the contest sponsored and operated by us.
To conduct analysis, research and development for the improvement of our future products and services.
How We Share the Information
We may share the information we collect or that you provided to us with our business partners or service providers such as dealers, contract technicians or movers to assist us in providing our services to you. We do not sell or disclose your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required to do so by law.
Cookies
We use cookies to improve the user experience on our website and for us to better understand how our website is being used by our visitors. “Cookies” are small text files that are stored on your computer when you visit a website. Although our web server can identify your computer by using cookies, this allows you to efficiently access our web pages, and we will not use these for any other purposes. You can choose not to accept cookies in your browser settings. Please see your browser Help how to change the settings. But please note that you may not be able to fully use several functions of our website if you do so.
Security
We are committed to ensure that your personal information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect on our website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of such third party websites which are not governed by this Policy. You should exercise caution and consult the third party websites’ privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Accessing, Correcting, and Deleting Your Personal Information and Opting Out
You have certain rights in relation to the information that we collected about you, as detailed below. To exercise your right, please contact us via email at privacy@kawaius.com, and we will take appropriate actions on your requests in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
Right to access your personal information we collect and retain
Right to update and correct your personal Information that is inaccurate, incomplete, or irrelevant for legitimate purposes.
Right to request the deletion of your personal information
Right to opt out of receiving commercial communication from us and/or having your personal information processed for direct marketing purposes
Do Not Track
KAWAI America’s website does not recognize “Do Not Track (DNT)” browser signals as no uniform standard to respond to such signals has been developed at this time.
Your California Privacy Rights: Notice to California Customers
Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, California residents are entitled to request certain data regarding our disclosure, if any, of personal information to third parties for the their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@kawaius.com with “Request for California Privacy Information” in the subject line.
Children’s Personal Information
This website is not intended for use by children, especially those under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If we become aware that a child has provided us with personal information, we will take steps to delete such information. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information without parental consent, please contact us via email at privacy@kawaius.com.
Changes to the privacy policy
We may change this Policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 1/1/2020 and when we make changes to this Statement, we will amend the revision date at the bottom of this page.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or its implementation, please contact us via email at privacy@kawaius.com or in writing to:
KAWAI America CorporationAttention: Privacy Policy Administrator2055 E. University DriveRancho Dominguez, CA 902201-800-421-2177
Last revised:1/1/2020
Find a Dealer
Blog
Home
Pianos
Grand Pianos
Upright Pianos
Digital Pianos
Hybrid Instruments
Discontinued Models
Artists
Technology
Carbon Fiber Technology
Kawai Piano Actions
ABS – The Truth
Sound Technology
Keyboard Actions
Soundboard Speaker System
Institutions
EPIC Program
Testimonial Videos
Institutional Fleet
Loan Programs
Financial Assistance
About Kawai
Timeline
Our Philosophy
Koichi Kawai
Shigeru Kawai
Ryuyo Grand Piano Factory
Hirotaka Kawai
Kawai Today
Heritage
Awards
FAQs
Support
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?