https://kdcg.com/privacy-policy/
December 11, 2020FacebookYouTube
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Information we collect:
We collect information from you when you register, and from time to time when respond to a survey or fill out a form.  Any data we request that is not required will be voluntary or optional. When registering on this site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address or phone number, and other various demographic details.  You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Like most websites, we use cookies to enhance your experience, gather general visitor information, and track visits to our website
Use of Information:
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
Website improvement; in an effort to continually improve our website and its offerings, we rely information and feedback we gather from you.
Send periodic emails; the email address you provide for registration, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to this site, it’s services, and related information from any Channel or Sponsor associated. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, this can be accomplished within your personal profile once you are logged into the system.
Features administration; to administer contests, promotion, survey or other site features.
Information Protection:
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
These security measures include: password protected directories and databases to safeguard your information, SSL (Secure Sockets Layered) technology to ensure that your information is fully encrypted and sent across the Internet securely or PCI Scanning to actively protect our servers from hackers and other vulnerabilities.
Third Party Disclosure:
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third Party Links:
Occasionally, at our sole discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance of 2003:
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance of 1998:
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Consent:
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy:
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date at the top. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change.
Contacting Us:
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
mindy@deltamediacorp.com
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Lafayette
55°
clear sky
82% humidity
wind: 3m/s N
H 57 • L 53
Weather from OpenWeatherMap
KDCG on FacebookMusic Report