https://kennyloggins.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main site content.
At KENNYLOGGINS.COM, your privacy is our priority. We are committed to protecting your privacy at all times, in all situations. The information we collect about you when you register at our online web store is used to process your orders and to provide a more personalized experience on our site. Our site uses a 256 bit encrypted SSL to increase the security of our customers’ connection and information. While we cannot guarantee complete security on stored information, we have processes and technology systems in place to encrypt and protect your information according to best practices.
How Do We Use the Information We Collect?
When you become a KENNYLOGGINS.COM member or customer, we ask you to fill out a form that requests your name, address and e-mail address as well as some demographic information such as gender and date of birth. KENNYLOGGINS.COM will share your information with trusted partners to collect payment and fulfill your order. We may share data with trusted partners to help us perform anonymous statistical analysis.
Your name and address information is used solely to process orders unless your prior consent is given. Without your consent, this information will NEVER be sold, given, rented or traded to others for purposes other than order fulfillment.
Our Use of Log Files
When you visit our site we automatically log your IP address, your browser type and your access times. We utilize this information to conduct site performance evaluations, to see where visitors are coming from and to keep track of click stream data (the screens our users visit on our site). This data helps us to determine what content our members find most appealing so that we can maximize your enjoyment of the site.
Site Security
All KENNYLOGGINS.COM employees take your personal information very seriously. All of our associates are aware of and must follow our security policies. Access to your personal information is limited to key management personnel and our customer services department. All customer, order, and subscription information is password protected.
Correcting/Updating Your Personal Information
After signing up with KENNYLOGGINS.COM you may correct/update your personal information. The changes you make will be reflected in our databases instantly. If you wish to deactivate your account, please contact us.
Links To Other Sites
This Web site may contain links to other Web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you may be leaving the KENNYLOGGINS.COM site and entering another Web site. These sites may independently collect or request information about you and we encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policy may differ from ours.
Communication
From time to time we may send out email messages alerting you that products are available, to remind you about providing feedback, or for promotional offers. In addition, you will receive communication from us 1) if you contact us for a particular reason, 2) to receive your orders, or 3) we need to contact you for administrative purposes such as winning a contest. Administrative e-mails will not contain promotional materials. If you choose to receive our Newsletters, they will contain promotional materials from KENNYLOGGINS.COM.
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site.
Supplementation
We may correct or supplement your address information with standardized postal representation in order to ensure that your orders are delivered. We do this since we want to make sure that our members receive the order and to lower costs associated with our programs.
Contests
Periodically, contests are run on our site. Sometimes contests are sponsored by our customers. To enter these contests you need only to enter your ID and password and your guess. At the time of entry, you may decide if you wish to have your first name and state posted on our site if you are the winner. Winner’s names are never shared with our customers without their consent.
Our Use of Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information that your browser stores on your computer’s hard drive which identify you when you enter. The ability to select samples on our site is not cookie-driven. We may use session cookies to provide a seamless experience on the site and to combine with our log files so that we can understand our site traffic and analyze our demographic information in aggregate form. If you have set your browser to reject cookies, our site will not identify you when you enter and you will need to manually type in your ID and password.
Your Feedback is Always Welcome
We welcome your comments and questions about our privacy policy – or anything else you might want to talk about. To contact us click here or write to:
Kenny Loggins.com
c/o Higher Vision, Inc.
1187 Coast Village Rd.
Suite 1-490
Santa Barbara, CA 93108