https://kentonuk.com/privacy-policy/
Due to COVID-19, items built-to-order (kits) may take longer than usual. Please click here to see latest information from Kenton regarding COVID-19.Home / Privacy Policy
KENTON PRIVACY AND COOKIES POLICY
This website is secured with a SSL certificate. If you proceed to the checkout page, all the information requested on that page will be stored by this website along with details of the items you have ordered.
Please note that NO credit card details are stored by this website.
If you click the button to pay by Credit/Debit Card you are transferred to our payment gateway Sagepay. Sage Pay is Europe’s leading independent payment service provider (PSP) and is one of the most trusted payment brands.
Your credit/debit card details are NEVER passed on to Kenton under any circumstances.
Kenton Electronics Ltd. uses a ‘deferred payment’ system with SagePay. When you make a successful payment, the amount is ‘held’ without actually taking any money immediately from your card. Kenton then releases the payment when ready or in certain circumstances releases a lesser amount or cancels it.
Note, a lesser amount may be taken but never more than the original amount authorised by you.
What are cookies?
Cookies are tiny text files stored on your computer when you visit certain web pages. At kentonuk.com we only use cookies to anonymously track visitors to our site so that we may better understand how our site is used and so that we can improve the service that we offer.
Please note that cookies can’t harm your computer. We do not store personally identifiable information such as credit card details in cookies we create, but we do use encrypted information gathered from them to help improve your experience of the site, For example, they help us to identify and resolve errors.
As part of our initiative to comply with recent legislation, and to make sure we’re honest and clear about your privacy when using our website,we are giving you this information to make sure we’re honest and clear about your privacy when using our website.
Our cookies policy
To make full use of the online shopping features on kentonuk.com, your computer, tablet or mobile phone will need to accept cookies, as we can only provide you with a smooth operation of your shopping cart by using them.
The cookies don’t store sensitive information such as your name, address or payment details; they only hold information related to the products you have saved to your shopping cart. However, if you’d prefer to restrict, block or delete cookies from kentonuk.com, or any other website, you can use your browser to do this. Each browser is different, so check the ‘Help’ menu of your particular browser (or your mobile phone’s handset manual) to learn how to change your cookie preferences. Please remember, however, that by blocking these cookies, you may not be able to use our online shopping facility.
Here’s a list of the main cookies we use, and what we use them for.
Managing cookies
If cookies aren’t enabled on your computer, it will mean that your shopping experience on our website will be limited to browsing and researching; you won’t be able to add products to your basket and buy them.
To enable cookies
If you’re not sure of the type and version of web browser you use to access the Internet:
For PCs: click on ‘Help’ at the top of your browser window and select the ‘About’ option
For Macs: with the browser window open, click on the Apple menu and select the ‘About’ option
How to check cookies are enabled for PCs
Google Chrome
Google Chrome
Click on ‘Tools’ at the top of your browser window and select Options
Click the ‘Under the Hood’ tab, locate the ‘Privacy’ section, and select the ‘Content settings’ button
Now select ‘Allow local data to be set’
Internet Explorer 6.0, 7.0, 8.0
IE
Click on ‘Tools’ at the top of your browser window and select ‘Internet options’ , then click on the ‘Privacy’ tab
Ensure that your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable cookies in your browser
Settings above Medium will disable cookies
Mozilla Firefox
Mozilla
Click on ‘Tools’ at the top of your browser window and select Options
Then select the Privacy icon
Click on Cookies, then select ‘allow sites to set cookies’
Safari
safari
Click on the Cog icon at the top of your browser window and select the ‘Preferences’ option
Click on ‘Security’, check the option that says ‘Block third-party and advertising cookies’
Click ‘Save’
How to check cookies are enabled for Macs
Internet Explorer and Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 on OSX
IE
Click on ‘Explorer’ at the top of your browser window and select ‘Preferences’ options
Scroll down until you see ‘Cookies’ under Receiving Files
Select the ‘Never Ask’ option
Mozilla Firefox
Mozilla
Click on ‘Mozilla’ or ‘Netscape’ at the top of your browser window and select the ‘Preferences’ option
Scroll down until you see cookies under ‘Privacy & Security’
Select ‘Enable cookies for the originating web site only’
Safari & Safari on OSX
safari
Click on ‘Safari’ at the top of your browser window and select the ‘Preferences’ option
Click on ‘Security’ then ‘Accept cookies’
Select the ‘Only from site you navigate to
Opera
Opera
Click on ‘Menu’ at the top of your browser window and select ‘Settings’
Then select ‘Preferences’, select the ‘Advanced’ tab
Then select ‘Accept cookies’ option
All other browsers
Please consult your documentation or online help files.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.