https://kentonuk.com/terms-and-conditions/
Due to COVID-19, items built-to-order (kits) may take longer than usual. Please click here to see latest information from Kenton regarding COVID-19.Home / Terms and conditions
How to pay
We can accept payment by the following means.
Cash
Credit Cards (Visa/Master Card/American Express)
Debit Cards (Visa Delta/Maestro/Solo)
UK Postal Orders
UK Building Society Cheque
Cheque drawn on a UK bank
Bank Wire Transfer (you will need to contact us for our bank details)
When placing an order please ensure that we have the following details
Your name and full postal address including the post code (zip code)
Your telephone number (and Fax /Email if you have one)
Exact details of your order stating Kenton part numbers
Quantities required
Prices quoted
Date of your order
Any relevant additional information, such as synth model and type
Please note that we cannot despatch to PO Box numbers. We MUST have your full postal address.
Ordering from the UK
You can order from Kenton in the following ways:-
By telephone on 020 8544 9200 and speak to a real human being.
Sales line usually open 9.30am to 2:55pm Monday to Friday
By fax on 020 8544 9300
By email
NEVER send credit card details by regular email
Use our online shopping cart system –
uses a secure 3rd party online payment system (Sagepay) to keep your card details safe
By post to
Kenton Electronics Ltd.
Brookfarm House
1 Station Road
South Wimbledon
London
SW19 2LP
For options 1-4 you can pay by credit / debit card or bank giro credit (see wire transfers for bank account info).
For option 5 you could also send a cheque (approx 3 working days needed to clear)
Delivery cost is usually £8.23 (inc VAT) to mainland UK addresses (except Scottish Highlands and Islands), except for small items (such as Socket upgrades) which can be sent by post.
Please note that we cannot despatch to PO Box numbers. We MUST have your full postal address.
Ordering from overseas
IMPORTANT NOTE:
If you are an EU business with a valid VAT number, please see the “Information about VAT ” section below if you want us to zero rate your sale.
You can order from Kenton in the following ways:-
By telephone on +44 20 8544 9200 and speak to a real human being.
Sales line usually open 9:30am to 2:55pm GMT (+1 if summer time)
By fax on + 44 20 8544 9300
By email to sales@kentonuk.com
do not send credit card details by regular email
Use our online shopping cart system –
uses a secure 3rd party online payment system (SagePay) to keep your card details safe
By post to
Kenton Electronics Ltd.
Brookfarm House
1 Station Road
South Wimbledon
London
SW19 2LP
United Kingdom
For options 1-4 you can pay by credit / debit card or a bank wire transfer (see wire transfers for bank account info).
For option 5 you could also send a cheque – note however that this must be in Pounds Sterling GBP and be drawn against a UK bank (5 or more working days needed to clear)
Note that non-EU countries may charge duties and/or taxes at the point of import. See duties & taxes below.
The delivery costs given are for an air courier, signed for, delivery service. This is fast and typically takes one to two working day to the USA and much of the EU. Even Australia / New Zealand usually only takes around four working days. These times may be extended if the goods get delayed in customs. Except for firmware upgrades, we do not send goods by post.
Please note that we cannot despatch to PO Box numbers. We MUST have your full postal address.
Wire transfers
Please contact us for our bank details if you need to pay by wire transfer.
We will need your address and a landline telephone number before we can give you our bank details.
If you clicked the ‘Pay by Bank Transfer’ button in our online cart system then we will automatically send you our bank details after we have verified your details, however this is a manual process and is only carried out during working days.
Information about VAT
If you are ordering from outside the European Union you will not have to pay VAT (Value Added Tax) but you may have to pay local taxes when the goods enter your country or state.
Value Added Tax is an EU sales tax, which is currently 20% in the UK and must be paid by all customers resident in the United Kingdom or EU countries. The only exception is VAT registered companies in EU states that are able supply a valid VAT number. We are obliged to check the details supplied with the VAT authorities first.
Overseas customers who are not resident in an EU member state do not have to pay this tax, but may be liable for local duties and/or taxes at the point of import.
If you are an EU business with a valid VAT number and wish us to zero rate the sale for VAT purposes, we MUST have your VAT details and have verified them BEFORE YOU PLACE AN ORDER.
You must supply us with your VAT number, company name and full address and THESE MUST MATCH those held by the VAT AUTHORITIES for your business.
Only AFTER we have informed you that all your VAT details have been verified with the VAT authorities may you place an order for us to zero rate. For zero rated sales we can only despatch to the address held by the VAT authorities for that VAT number. We cannot zero rate sales retrospectively. To contact us by email click here .
Duties & Taxes
If the goods are to be delivered to an address outside the European Union, you may be liable for local duties and/or taxes at the point of import. These are outside the control of Kenton and are your responsibility should they arise. Some countries do not bother to charge duties or taxes on low value imports, but others may. The duty/tax rates also vary considerably from country to country. You are advised to investigate before ordering what the cost of duties and taxes are likely to be
Customers outside the European Union should be aware that they are fully and solely responsible for any additional costs imposed at point of import to their country, such as brokerage fees, customs duties, taxes, tariffs etc. should they arise. If you refuse to pay these additional costs when requested by the courier company or their agents, the shipment will be abandoned and NO REFUND WILL BE PROVIDED.
Some countries (Russia for example) require you to hold an import licence in order to import goods, however this is an unusual case.
Warranty
Kenton products are very thoroughly tested prior to despatch thus we achieve an almost zero failure rate. In the extremely unlikely event of a problem, Kenton equipment is covered by a “back to base” warranty for a period of one year from date of purchase. “Back to base” means that return of the product to Kenton is your responsibility and at your cost. We do not organise collection. On receipt, we will examine the goods, and if found to be faulty will repair or replace at our discretion and return to you at our cost. If no fault is found, we will discuss the problem with you, but return to you will be chargeable.
If you suspect that one of our products is faulty, you should first contact our technical department who will try to help you find what the problem is. This can usually be isolated to another piece of equipment, cables, or simply a misunderstanding of the equipment or connections. You need to supply a description of the problem as well as the unit serial number and which country you are using it in.
If our technical department decides that the equipment needs to be returned, you will need to get a returns authorisation number from them. You should send the goods well protected to minimise the risk of damage in transit and you should use a service which will collect a signature on delivery to us. For more expensive items it may be worthwhile considering insuring the goods in transit also.
Sending stuff to Kenton
If you need to send anything to Kenton, please note the following points.
You must ALWAYS arrange it with us FIRST, either by telephone or by email. See “Contact Kenton” in the top right corner of this page. Never send us anything without contacting us first.
If you are overseas and are sending an item to us for modification or repair, then ensure you mark the package clearly with the words “TEMPORARY IMPORT”. If this is not done then we will probably get charged import duty and VAT, which we will obviously have to be reimbursed for by you.
Also note that any item sent to us should be well packed to minimise the risk of damage in transit and for more expensive items it may be worthwhile considering insurance also.
In the case of a suspected fault, you should first contact our tech department. If our technical department decides that the equipment needs to be returned, you will need to get a returns authorisation number from them. Kenton equipment is very rarely at fault and we have amassed considerable expertise in pointing you in the right direction. Sending non-faulty equipment to us just wastes our time and your money – Contact us first!
If you want to send a synth to us for retrofitting, note that we cannot accept synths sent to us from outside the EU due to the sheer volume of paperwork and other costs/time involved not to mention the probability of damage during transit to or from us. We require that it is sent to us in a proper flight case and that the flight case should fit the synth correctly. A synth loose inside a flight case can still sustain damage during transit. If you don’t have a flight case for your synth, please borrow or hire one and if the case is a bit too big then ensure the extra space is filled so that the synth cannot move around; bubble wrap alone is not sufficient for this purpose.
If sending TB-303, TR-606, MC-202 or SH-101 synths (or similar) to us, again bubble wrap alone will not protect them, they need a hard box around them because the potentiometers (knobs) are mounted directly onto the PCB and if ANY pressure is put on them, then the PCB will crack – and this will be very expensive to repair (if a repair is possible at all).
With thought and consideration, anything can be sent safely to us. If you are in any doubt about how to pack something, please ask us for advice.
Other information
Credit / Debit card payments made online on this website are handled by a specialist secure card processing company – Sage Pay
If you have difficulty with the online facility you can click the “Click here to pay by Cheque” button and send us the card details by fax or telephone us with them. Credit card details should never be sent to us in an ordinary E-mail as it is not secure.
All our goods are sold in UK Pounds Sterling (£) GBP. On the checkout page the approximate $USD and Euro values are also displayed. A currency converter is also available to enable conversion to other currencies – see the links top right of this page.
Note that Retrofit kits (and a few of of the socket upgrade kits) are always built to order after your payment has been processed. It then takes us up to 10 working days (two weeks) to build and test the kit before we can despatch it. Note that fitting a MIDI retrofit kit or socket upgrade kit is a skilled job which should be undertaken only by an experienced synth service engineer or fitted by us at our premises in South West London.
If a synth or drum machine has previously been modified in any way then our published fitted prices are not guaranteed. The published prices are based on the standard time to do the job however a modified synth or drum machine may take significantly longer to fit than standard. In these cases the cost will be the cost of the retrofit or socket upgrade kit (whichever is applicable) plus the labour cost priced at our standard cost at the time (currently £60/hour plus VAT).
When transporting synthesisers to and from us, delivery charges may be expensive, especially if you are transporting a large flight-cased synth. Please contact us, and we will recommend a reliable courier or can arrange pickup with a suitable courier on your behalf, for synthesisers sent from within the United Kingdom. However, please note that we do not accept any responsibility for damage caused by the courier. Also we cannot accept synths sent to us from outside the EU due to the sheer volume of paperwork and other costs/time involved.
For further information, please call or e-mail . Most items (except retrofit kits) are available from stock and can be delivered to you the next day if you live within the UK.
Delivery times to other countries varies but is usually between 1 – 3 days for the USA and Europe. See the ‘Approx Overseas Transit Times’ link on the ‘Ordering Info’ page for a full listing by country.
Orders for spare parts and replacement power supplies for Kenton products must be accompanied by the model, version and serial number of the unit concerned, as the power supply requirements for some products changed between versions e.g. when changing from mk1 to mk2 or mk2 to mk3 etc.
Whilst we will always do our best to supply the correct part, Kenton accept no responsibility for supplying the wrong part if these requirements are not met.
All trademarks and trade names used throughout this website are acknowledged as the property of their respective owners.
This website and these terms & conditions are governed by the laws of England and Wales and any dispute about its use and/or orders placed with Kenton Electronics Limited will be determined only by the courts of England.
Kenton Electronics Limited
Brookfarm House
1 Station Road
London
SW19 2LP
UK
Company number: 2917687 registered in England & Wales
VAT number: 802 0589 56
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.