https://kfsr.org/disclaimer-privacy-policy/
California State University, Fresno
Listen
Listen to KFSR Online!
Program Schedule
Music
Jazz
Evening Eclectic
Blues
Specialty Music Shows
News/Public Affairs
Commonwealth Club
First Lady’s Focus
Fresno State Focus:
Radio Edition
Fresno State Service In Action
Fresno State Sports Report
Fresno State Student Spotlight
About KFSR
Contact
Donate to KFSR
Sponsored Underwriting Mentions
Public Service Announcements
FAQ
Disclaimers / Privacy Policy
90.7 KFSR, Fresno is licensed to California State University, Fresno. The views and opinions expressed on KFSR radio programs by hosts, guests, call in listeners or chatters are solely the opinions of the original source who express them. They do not necessarily represent the opinions of KFSR Radio, it’s affiliates or employees, California State University, Fresno or the CSU public university system.
This website and its content are the sole responsibility of KFSR Radio.
All materials contained on this site are protected by United States copyright law. These materials may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without consent of KFSR. In the case of third party materials, the owner of that content must provide consent. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
Music Submissions
KFSR accepts all solicited or unsolicited music/performance materials as a public service to the community. All digital files, CDs, records, press materials (including photos) or other items/media submitted to the station are the property of KFSR and will not be returned.
Artists submitting material to KFSR which is not registered with music publishing firms (i.e. ASCAP/BMI/SESAC) waive all rights to any royalties.
While KFSR accepts all music/performance materials for consideration, the decision to broadcast any submitted content is at the discretion of station management. KFSR is not obligated to broadcast any submitted content. By submitting music or other materials to the station, you agree to the terms above.
Links
Disclaimers / Privacy Policy
KFSR Public File
© 2017 90.7 KFSR-FM / California State University Fresno, All Rights Reserved.