https://kidzrus.net/privacy-policy/
Kidz R Us
Privacy Notice
The purpose of this notice is to give you a clear explanation about when, how and
why we collect and use the information we collect from you directly and from third
parties. We will update this notice from time to time.
We use your information in accordance with all applicable laws concerning the
protection of personal information. By visiting our website, using our services,
joining as a member or donating, you agree to your personal information being
collected and used in accordance with this notice.
Kidz R Us is committed to protecting and respecting your personal data. If you have
any questions about this notice, please contact us at the details at the foot of this
notice.
Who we are
Kidz R Us is a charity and is funded by ticket sales, individual donors and
supporters. Our registered charity number in England and Wales is 1071443and we
are also registered as a company in England and Wales under registration number
3615141. We are registered with the Charity Commission.
We operate an award-winning youth theatre company working with around 100
young people a year, aged 7 and upwards. We’re dedicated to getting young people
involved in the performing arts and behind-the-scenes skills, supporting their
development and the wider community. We are run by volunteers, parents and the
hard work of our performers.
Children and Young Persons
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important and as a charity
catering for children and young persons we are particularly aware of the need to
ensure adequate safeguarding procedures are in place at all levels. It is our primary
concern as an organisation.
We try to minimise collecting data on children under 13 although it must be
recognised that we will do so where it is necessary for safety and/or service provision.
This may be more so than with other organisations who may do have such extensive
interaction with children. We will not compromise on safeguarding.
A number of our members may also fall within the category of vulnerable or requiring
special assistance and we may collect such data as is required to ensure their safety
and security.
Information collection
We collect various types of information and in many ways:
• Information you give us
For example, when you register on our website, buy tickets or donate, we’ll store
personal information you give us such as your name, email address, postal address,
telephone number and card details. We will also store a record of your purchases and
donations.
• Information about your interactions with us
For example, when you visit our website, we may collect information about how you
interact with our content and ads. When we send you a mailing we store a record of
this.
• Information from third parties
We may occasionally receive information about you from third parties. For example,
we may use third party research companies or funding bodies to provide general
information about you eg Funding bodies, compiled using publicly available data.
How do we use personal information
We may use personal information in a number of ways and for a number of purposes.
These may include:
• Processing donations or payments that we have received from you;
• Fulfilling sales made online or through our box office;
• Inviting you to participate in features of our website;
• Inviting you to participate in research or to ask you for your feedback;
• Processing an application that you may have made to us for a job or volunteer
role;
• Registering, personalising and/or administering any online accounts that you
may hold with us;
• Registering and/or administering your participation in events for which you
have registered;
• Providing you with services, products or information that you have requested
from us or that we feel may be of interest to you where you have consented to
being contacted;
• Using IP addresses and monitoring website usage so that we can identify
locations, block disruptive use, record website traffic and/or personalise the
way that information or digital advertising is presented to you;
• Providing you with further information about our work, services, activities or
products that we feel may be of interest to you where you have consented to
being contacted;
• To analyse your information in relation to our products, services, activities,
events, products or information so that we can improve our services and make
our activities more efficient and effective, and to ensure that we do not send
you any unwanted communications;
• For internal administration and record-keeping relating to any donations,
feedback or complaints;
• To contact you where you have been identified as a contact for an
organisation, such as a school (if we obtain your contact details in this way,
we will only use them to contact you in your capacity as a representative of
that organisation);
• For the furthering of our charitable aims, including for fundraising activities in
accordance with our internal policies and procedures; or
• For fraud prevention, credit risk reduction or otherwise as required by law or
regulation.
Sensitive personal data
Data Protection law recognises that certain categories of personal information are
more sensitive such as health information, race, religious beliefs and political
opinions. We do not usually collect this type of information about our patrons unless
there is a clear reason for doing so. For example some of our members may have
special needs we need to be aware of in order to safely facilitate their involvement or
we may need information where child safeguarding may be an issue.
Legal basis
There are four bases under which we may legally process your data:
• Legal obligations
Where we are under a legal obligation to process your personal data for a particular
purpose. For example, obligations we have to hold information about donations or to
manage Gift Aid information in compliance with applicable tax laws. We may also
sometimes need to process personal information for the purpose of us being able to
establish or exercise our legal rights or to defend legal claims.
• Contract purposes
When you make a purchase from us or donate to us, you are entering into a contract
with us. In order to perform this contract, we need to process and store your data. For
example, we may need to contact you by email or telephone in the case of
cancellation of a show, or in the case of problems with your payment.
• Legitimate business interests
In certain situations, we collect and process your personal information for purposes
that are in our legitimate organisational interests. However, we only do this if there is
no overriding prejudice to you by using your personal information in this way. We
describe below all situations where we may use this basis for processing.
• With your explicit consent
For any situations where the three bases above are not appropriate, we will instead ask
for your explicit consent before using your personal information in that specific
situation.
Marketing communications
We aim to communicate with you about the work that we do in ways that you find
relevant, timely and respectful. To do this we use data that we have stored about you,
such as what events you have booked for in the past, as well as any preferences you
may have told us about.
We use our legitimate organisational interest as the legal basis for communications by
post and email. You may opt out from receiving these at any time using the contact
details at the end of this notice.
We may also contact you about our work by telephone however we will always get
explicit consent from you before doing this. Please bear in mind that this does not
apply to telephone calls that we may need to make to you related to your purchases
(as above).
Other processing activities
In addition to marketing communications, we also process personal information in the
following ways that are within our legitimate organisational interests:
• We may analyse data we hold about you to ensure that the content and timing
of communications that we send you are as relevant to you as possible.
• We may analyse data we hold about you to identify and prevent fraud.
• To improve our website, we may analyse information about how you use it
and the content and ads that you interact with.
• We may use profiling techniques or third-party wealth screening and insight
companies to provide us with information about you that will help us to
communicate in a relevant way with you, when we are approaching you about
potential philanthropic support. Such information is compiled using publicly
available data about you.
In all the above cases we will always keep your rights and interests at the forefront to
ensure they are not overriding your own interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
You have the right to object to any of this processing at any time. If you wish to do
this, please use the contact details at the end of this notice. Please bear in mind that if
you object this may affect our ability to carry out tasks above that are for your benefit.
Third parties
There are certain circumstances under which we may disclose your personal
information to third parties. These are as follows:
• To our own service providers who process data on our behalf and on our
instructions (for example our ticketing system software provider). In these
cases, we require that these third parties comply strictly with our instructions
and with data protection laws, for example around security of personal data.
• Where we are under a duty to disclose your personal information to comply
with any legal or regulatory obligation (for example to government bodies and
law enforcement agencies).
• To specific named visiting companies whose performances you have attended.
In these cases, we will always ask for your explicit consent (to opt in) before
doing so.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are automatically placed onto your device by some
websites that you visit. They are widely used to allow a website to function (for
example to keep track of your basket) as well to provide website operators with
information on how the site is being used.
We use cookies to keep track of your basket as well as to identify how the website is
being used and what improvements we can make.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which
allows you to refuse the setting of cookies, however this may restrict your ability to
use all of our website.
Your debit and credit card information
If you use your credit or debit card to purchase from us or to donate, we will ensure
that this is carried out securely and in accordance with the Payment Card Industry
Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS).
We optionally allow you to store your card details for use in a future transaction. This
is carried out in compliance with PCI-DSS and in a way where none of our staff
members can see your full card number. We never store your 3 or 4-digit security
code.
Maintaining your personal information
We store your personal information indefinitely such that for any subsequent
purchases you make we can link them back to a single unique record that we hold for
you on our system.
If there are aspects of your record that are inaccurate or that you would like to
remove, please use the contact details at the end of this notice.
Any objections you make to any processing of your data will be stored against your
record on our system so that we can comply with your requests.
Security of your personal information
We will put in place appropriate safeguards (both in terms of our procedures and the
technology we use) to keep your personal information as secure as possible. We will
ensure that any third parties we use for processing your personal information do the
same.
We will not transfer, process or store your data anywhere that is outside of the
European Economic Area.
Your rights to your personal information
Part of our commitment to you is to ensure you are able to make your own choices
about how we use your personal information. Under General Data Protection
Regulation, these include:
Right of Access: You have the right to access information held about you. We will
endeavour to process any requests as quickly as possible.
Right to Rectification: You have the right to request that inaccurate personal
information that we hold about you is amended.
Right to Restrict Processing: You have the right to ask us to stop using your
information in certain situations.
Right to Object: You have the right to object to your personal information being used
for marketing profiling.
Right to Data Portability: You have the right (in certain circumstances) to have a
copy of your personal information provided for reuse in another service.
Right to be Forgotten: You have the right to ask that personal information we hold
about you that we no longer need is erased from our records.
If you would like more information, or would like to exercise your rights, please
contact us using the details below.
We reserve the right to ask for further information to verify your identity (or clarify
the information that you are seeking) when we receive such a request.
If you are unhappy with our response, you have the right to contact to the Information
Commissioner’s Office. We would encourage you to contact us in the first instance so
that we can attempt to resolve any concerns.
Please note that some types of personal data are exempt from the right of subject
access and so cannot be obtained by making a subject access request.
Accessibility
If a disabled person finds it impossible or unreasonably difficult to make a subject
access request in writing, we will make a reasonable adjustment for them under the
relevant Equality Act. This could include treating a verbal request for information as
though it were a valid subject access request. We will respond in a format accessible
to the disabled person where possible although as a small charity we may be resource
constrained.
Information for volunteers
Kidz R Us will process information provided by applicants for the management of
their application and the subsequent selection process. This may involve providing
details to selection and vetting panels. Other details are kept helping fulfil our
obligations (legal and reporting) to monitor safeguarding, equality and diversity
within the organisation and in any application process.
For more information about your application and personal data we hold use the
contact details below.
Security of your information
We take our duty to protect your personal information and confidentiality seriously.
We are committed to taking all reasonable measures to ensure the confidentiality and
security of personal data for which we are responsible, whether computerised or on
paper.
We have appointed a Trustee who is accountable for the management of all
information assets and any associated risks and incidents.
All our members and volunteers are also required to protect your information, and
inform you of how your information will be used. This includes, in most
circumstances, allowing you to decide if and how your information can be shared.
Information provided in confidence will only be used for the purposes advised and
consented to by the provider, unless it is required or permitted by the law.
CCTV
Kidz R Us has CCTV installed at our theatre, and you may be recorded when you
visit. We use CCTV to help provide security and protect both you and Kidz R Us.
CCTV will only be viewed when there is a need, for example to detect or prevent
crime. Footage is only retained for as long as is necessary for these purposes.
Contact details and further information
Please get in touch with us if you have any questions about any aspect of this Privacy
Notice, and if you would like to object to any processing of your personal information
that we carry out for our legitimate organisational interests.
Kidz R Us
St Ives Theatre
Lower Stennack
St Ives
Cornwall
TR26 1QG
info@kidzrus.net
Last updated: 11 June 2018
CHARITY NO: 1071443
Address:
Kidz R Us
Lower Stennack
St Ives
TR26 1QG
Website Created By Computer Logic
© Copyright 2020 Kidz R Us. All Rights Reserved
Privacy Policy
Hurry up, only a few tickets left!
First Name
Last Name
Email
I agree with Terms and Privacy Policy