https://kilntheatre.com/cookie-policy/
Cookie Policy
Our use of cookies
Cookies are small text files that are automatically placed onto your device by some websites that you visit.
We use cookies to remember your log-in details, keep track of your basket as well as to identify how the website is being used and what improvements we can make. The cookies used for these functions are temporary cookies that are removed once the transaction has been completed or you log out. You can set your browser to not accept cookies, but  various functionality on the site may not work.
Managing cookies
Most web browsers allow you to control the cookies stored on your computer through your browser’s settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been stored on your device and to manage or delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org
Google Analytics Cookies
We use Google Analytics cookies on our websites to help us develop and improve how our websites work, estimate our audience size, and understand how visitors to our websites use our services.
The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, so we don’t know who is using our site. For more information on Google Analytics and how to opt out of them, visit Google’s Privacy Policy: www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy
Email and web tracking cookies
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors who have subscribed to our email lists are using the website. This data is not anonymised and we use the information to help improve our email communications and target specifically-tailored messages for our email subscribers.
Third Party Cookies
On this site we embed content from third party websites, such as Youtube, Twitter, Google Maps. When you visit a page with content embedded from such websites you may be presented with cookies from these websites. Kiln Theatre does not control the dissemination of these cookies. You should check the third-party websites for more information about these.
Re-targeting advertising
We may also use your browsing behaviour to re-market with relevant materials through digital re-targeting networks.
Newsletter Sign Up
Sign up to receive updates from us.
Your privacy is important to us. Please click here to read our Privacy Policy.
Close
Join our mailing list to keep up with upcoming shows and news