https://kilntheatre.com/terms-and-conditions-of-sale/
Terms and Conditions of Sale
When purchasing tickets in person, online or by telephone, and when collecting ordered tickets, you agree to the following conditions of sale, on behalf of yourself and all members of your party:
It is the responsibility of the customer to check all booking details are correct for the tickets being sold at the time of purchase.
We offer a strict no-refund policy.
Tickets will only be refunded if we have had to cancel a performance or screening.
Exchanges may be given if a similar seat is available for the same event. If ticket prices are higher than your original purchase, extra costs will be charged. A £1.00 per ticket admin fee applies on all exchanges; exchange requests must be done at least 48 hours prior to an event.
Account credit may be offered at our discretion; if credit is offered, it must be used within 6 months of it being applied.
The management may reserve the right to
Refuse admission to the premises;
For Health and Safety reasons, Licensing reasons or where a ticket is void.
To anyone who, in the reasonable opinion of the venue has, or is likely to, affect the enjoyment of other visitors.
To anyone who uses threatening, abusive or insulting words or behaviour or is under the influence of drugs or has consumed an excessive amount of alcohol. No refunds will be given to the ticket holder if they are refused entry or ejected due to their own behaviour.
Delay entry of latecomers until a suitable break in the performance, which may be the interval. Sometimes it may not be possible to admit latecomers;
Make any change to the performance, cancel or abandon the performance without notice or being liable to pay any compensation. Kiln Theatre does not use understudies.
NO glasses, bottles, canned drinks or foods are to be taken into the theatre.
NO glasses or bottles may be taken into the cinema.
ONLY drinks and confectionery purchased on the premises may be consumed in the foyer, café, restaurant, bar and auditoria.
The use of cameras, mobile phones or any recording equipment is not permitted in the auditoria.
In the interest of all patrons, babies and children under five will not be admitted to the auditoria except for children’s shows.
Kiln Theatre and permitted third parties may carry out general filming or recording about the premises for promotional or archival purposes. You consent to you and your party appearing in such recordings without prior notice or payment.
Productions may use special effects, such as strobe lighting. We will endeavour to warn you of these effects whenever possible.
CCTV operates in all areas of the building, operated by Kiln Theatre for the purposes of crime prevention and detection.
Newsletter Sign Up
Sign up to receive updates from us.
Your privacy is important to us. Please click here to read our Privacy Policy.
Close
Join our mailing list to keep up with upcoming shows and news