https://kingstreetgallery.com.au/legal/
Legal
King Street Gallery Terms of Service
1. Terms
By viewing the website at https://kingstreetgallery.com.au/, you are agreeing by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. By default, the materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law unless stated otherwise.
2. Use License
By viewing the site permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials on King Street Gallery’s website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on King Street Gallery’s website;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by King Street Gallery at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on King Street Gallery’s website are provided on an ‘as is’ basis.King Street Gallery makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.
Further, King Street Gallery does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall King Street Gallery or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on King Street Gallery’s website, even if King Street Gallery or a King Street Gallery authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Accuracy of materials
The materials appearing on King Street Gallery’s website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. King Street Gallery does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete or current. King Street Gallery may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice. However King Street Gallery does not make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
King Street Gallery has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by King Street Gallery of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user’s own risk.
7. Modifications
King Street Gallery may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.
8. Governing Law
These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that location.
This policy is for King Street Gallery – https://kingstreetgallery.com.au/ effective as of 2019.
Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. It is King Street Gallery’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website, https://kingstreetgallery.com.au/, and other sites we own and operate.
We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us.
This policy is for King Street Gallery – https://kingstreetgallery.com.au/ effective as of 2019.
Delivery Policy
We will be notified by the payment gateway containing your order details (providing you have supplied an email address) We will confirm your order within minutes. All goods will be sent out within three working days. For any reason, if goods are unavailable that are out of our control, the delivery may take longer.
Enquiries on deliveries please contact us.
This policy is for King Street Gallery – https://kingstreetgallery.com.au/ effective as of 2019.
Security Policy
All online credit card transactions performed on https://kingstreetgallery.com.au/ use a secured payments by means of SSL encryption We use a payment gateway to process credit card payments. That gateway processes online credit card transactions for thousands of merchants, providing a safe and secure means of collecting payments via the Internet.
Your complete credit card number cannot be viewed by us or any outside parties. All monies are directly transferred from your credit card to the merchant account held by us.
For more information about the process and secure online credit card payments, please contact us.
This policy is for King Street Gallery – https://kingstreetgallery.com.au/ effective as of 2019.
Refund & Returns Policy
This policy sets out the circumstances in which goods supplied by us to a customer (“you”) will be accepted for return.
AUSTRALIAN CONSUMER LAW
The Australian Consumer Law (ACL) protects consumers by giving them certain guaranteed rights when they buy goods and services. For example, the ACL requires that goods must be free of defects, and do what they are meant to do. Services must be carried out with care and skill. These rights, which the ACL says automatically apply whenever goods or services are supplied to a consumer, are called ‘Consumer Guarantees’ Our goods come with guarantees that cannot be excluded under the Australian Consumer Law. You are entitled to a replacement or refund for a major failure and for compensation for any other reasonably foreseeable loss or damage. You are also entitled to have the goods repaired or replaced if the goods fail to be of acceptable quality and the failure does not amount to a major failure.
CHANGE OF MIND RETURNS
We will replace goods if they have been damaged during shipping. Notify us via email as soon as possible. You return the item within 30 days of purchase.
The Item is;
Produce your original receipt at the time you return the item
It is in its original packaging, including instruction manuals and all accessories;
It is unopened, unused and in its original condition; and
If these requirements are not satisfied we reserve the right not to offer an exchange or refund for change of mind returns.
While goods are being assessed, we will not be deemed to have accepted the goods for return.
WHEN GOODS WILL BE ACCEPTED FOR RETURN
We will accept goods for return only after assessment as set out above, where the goods:
The product is faulty or is not of acceptable quality, or
The product does not match the sample or our description; and
The product does not work as described for its intended purpose
If you are entitled to a refund under the ACL, your refund will be issued to you by your original payment method for the goods.
Goods presented for repair may be replaced by refurbished goods of the same type rather than being repaired. Refurbished parts may be used to repair goods.
Claims for compensation or reasonable expenses incurred in returning your purchase should be addressed to our Customer Service team at the address below and need to be accompanied with supporting evidence.
Our goods come with guarantees that cannot be excluded under the Australian Consumer Law. You are entitled to a replacement or refund for a major failure and for compensation for any other reasonably foreseeable loss or damage. You are also entitled to have the goods repaired or replaced if the goods fail to be of acceptable quality and the failure does not amount to a major failure.
HOW TO RETURN YOUR PRODUCT
Returns can be sent back to us, our address and location can be found on our contact page.
You will need your tax invoice (email receipt) as information on this is needed as proof of purchase. For a change of mind return/exchange, the delivery fee is non-refundable.
This policy is for King Street Gallery – https://kingstreetgallery.com.au/ effective as of 2019.