http://kirstymaccoll.com/contact/help-with-freeworld-running-costs/
Help with freeworld's running costs - Kirsty MacColl
Kirsty MacColl
Search
Primary Menu
Skip to content
Home
The Guide
The Kirsty Primer
Strange Facts Emporium
Appearances
Venues
1978-86 TV spots and the Ballrooms
1987-88 touring with the Pogues
1989-90 The age of the Kite
1991 first ever UK tour dates
1992 festivals and extensive UK tour
1993 festivals and North American tour
1994 touring USA & Canada + some festivals
1995 major US and UK tours
1997 TV Spot
1998 some benefit gigs
1999 road testing Tropical Brainstorm
2000 major UK tour for Tropical Brainstorm
The French & Saunders Show
Photo Gallery
Charles Dickins Gallery
Terry Hurley Gallery
General Gallery
Songs
Kirsty Songs
Other People’s Songs
Chords
Songwriters
Publishing
Discography
Full Discography
Basic Discography
Singles
Albums
Reissues
Promos
Compilations
Bootlegs
DVDs
Chart History
Backing Vocals
Dynamic Range Lists
Media
TV Appearances
TV Tributes
Interviews
Interviews 1979-1984 – Early Singles
Interviews 1985 – On the Beach
Interviews 1987-1988 – With the Pogues
Interviews 1989 – Kite
Interviews 1990-1993 – Electric Landlady
Interview with Johnny Moped, 1991
Interviews 1994 – Titanic Days
Interviews 1995 – Galore
Interviews 1996-1998
Interviews 1999-2000 – Tropical Brainstorm
Career Summaries
Books
Kirsty MacColl’s Cuba
Assorted Articles
Community
Guest Book
Kirsty Fan Gang (Facebook)
Justice For Kirsty Campaign
Kirstyfest Soho Square
A Bench in Soho Square
Electric Rentbooks
Tribute Concerts
Tributes & Obituaries
Old News
Other Web Links
Contact
Contact Us
Credits
Help with freeworld’s running costs
Search for:
voice of an angel
Home » Contact » Help with freeworld’s running costs
Help with freeworld’s running costs
This is an independently run site with no direct source of income.
You can also help me out by buying anything from amazon via these links.
Buy something from amazon
This is an index page of CDs which can currently be bought at amazon.co.uk, including links which benefit freeworld by earning a small commission.
Thank you to anyone who buys a CD in this fashion!
If in the UK please use this link:
amazon.co.uk
or if not in the UK:
amazon.com
and freeworld gets a small commission each time.
Best of all, it costs you nothing extra!
I try to keep advertising to a bare minimum, and as unubtrusive as possible.
Everything is up front, no hidden tracking cookies or whatever are used by freeworld (though Amazon may well use tracking when you follow their button).
or just flip over some loose change!
If you don’t wish to buy from amazon you can still help me out by sending a donation via Paypal, all donations most welcome, no matter how small!
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment
Name *
Email *
Comments
Leonard Hoare says:
December 23, 2017 at 3:01 pm
IS IT possible to set up a monthly
bank direct debit ????
Reply
alan says:
December 23, 2017 at 6:42 pm
What an excellent question!
Not a Direct Debit, but you can now set up a monthly Paypal to Paypal debit
I’ve added a monthly paypal donation option of £1, £2, £3, £4 or even £5!
Anything less than £1 would be reduced so much by paypal fees as to make it not worthwhile. Obviously it can be stopped at any time via Paypal.
Thanks for you interest!
Alan
Leonard Hoare says:
December 24, 2017 at 3:47 pm
Alan,
thanks for the prompt reply,
Without your work and endeavours, future generations could easily miss out KIRSTYs musical excellence, that would
be
tragic and heartbreaking.
Being a music lover and keen concert goer £5 a month is a small price to pay to keep KIRSTY MacCOLL legacy alive, even if ,the result is only one
extra
person listening to Kirsty,they will a lifetime of sheer joy
to look forward to , just like myself and all of her fans have had,and continue to experience
These Kirsty CDs have referral links with amazon.co.uk
A Concert for Kirsty MacColl (CD)
A New England – The Very Best of Kirsty MacColl
All I Ever Wanted – The Anthology
Desperate Character (2012 CD)
Electric Landlady (2005 CD)
Electric Landlady (2012 CD)
From Croydon to Cuba – An Anthology
Kite (1989 CD)
Kite (2005 CD)
Kite (2012 CD)
The Best of Kirsty MacColl
The Collection
The Essential Collection
The Stiff Singles Collection
Titanic Days (1993 CD)
Titanic Days (2005 CD)
Titanic Days (2012 CD)
What Do Pretty Girls Do? (1998 CD)
Can’t guarantee that everything will be in stock, or cheap enough, but it’s a good starting place to check.
If you’re a record collector you already know where to look, right?
latin soul in an english body
© Rita Carmo
Related pages
Albums
Backing Vocals
Basic Discography
Chart History
Compilations
DVDs
Full Discography
Promos
Reissues
Singles
How to support us
This is an independently run site with no direct source of income.
You can help me out by buying something from amazon via these links.
amazon.co.uk
amazon.com
and freeworld gets a small commission each time.
Best of all, it costs you nothing extra!
If you don’t wish to buy from amazon you can still help me out by sending a donation via Paypal, all donations most welcome, no matter how small!
Why not donate monthly?
£5 monthly
£10 monthly
You don’t get any additional site content, you just get to feel good about yourself :o) We would offer a smaller amount but it would just disappear in paypal fees.
The Small Print & GDPR Policy
We do not store any personal information from visitors, with the exception of the contact form, comments boxes and guest book. Your IP address is never recorded.
We don't display a lot of ads on this website. There are some small links to amazon in the left banner, if you choose to buy stuff from there using these links we will get a small commission, that's all. You don't have to.
On pages with an embedded YouTube video, we have no control over what YouTube (Google) does, and they may show onscreen ads, and may track your visits to those pages and beyond. If you click through on those ads the copyright holders will receive a small commission if they have asserted their rights (e.g. Union Square), which is why we are permitted to use those links.
We also use google analytics for general visitor statistics (this is not personally identifiable by us, though it might be by google).
Site Map.
Kirsty MacColl materials used with permission.
Site designed by alano design.
Copyright Alan Officer.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
We use google analytics to collect user data which lets us understand better how the site is used.
This generates cookies which are termed 'non-necessary'.
Before these cookies can be stored on your device you must opt in to allow us to do so.
Opting out will not affect your user experience.
You should read google's privacy policy here, and their terms of service here.
By opting in you are implicitly consenting to these terms.