http://kls.io/presave/legal/privacy.html
Pre Save Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy (the “privacy policy”) applies to your use of our “pre-save” Spotify tool (“Application”) as it appears on www.kobaltmusic.com and www.presave.KLS.io (together “Website”). Please read this privacy policy carefully and in conjunction with our terms of use and ensure that you understand them before you start to use the Application and/or Website. By accessing and using the Application and/or Website, you confirm that you have read, understood, and accept the privacy policy and any changes made to the privacy policy from time to time. If you do not agree to this privacy policy, you must not use the Application or Website.
This Application and Website is owned and operated by, or on behalf of, Kobalt Music Group Limited ("we" or "us"). We are registered in England and Wales under company number 04018752 and our registered office is at The River Building, 1 Cousin Lane, London EC4R 3TE. Our VAT registration number is GB774150334. For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998, the data controller in respect of any personal data that you submit to us or that we collect from you is Kobalt Music Group Limited.
Information we collect from you
This includes information that you may provide by filling in any forms on the website, details of your visits to the Application on the Website and the resources that you access, and information you supply if you report a problem with the Application on the Website to us. If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence. We may use any contact details you give us to respond to or otherwise contact you. This may include emailing you where you have provided your email address, and by providing your address you agree to us making such contact with you. We will only use any such information in accordance with the terms of this privacy policy.
By submitting your personal information, you consent to the collection, use and transfer of your information in accordance with the terms of this privacy policy.
Certain personal information that you provide to us is defined as personal data by the Data Protection Act 1998. We do not seek any personal data other than that which is reasonable and necessary for the purposes sought.
Information we get from Spotify
The Application on the Website has been created using Spotify’s developer tools and documentation and interacts with Spotify’s services and products. Please see our terms of use for further details. Solely in relation to and for the Application to fully function and for us to deliver the service on offer Spotify will share certain information about you as a Spotify customer account and access to certain data attached to your account including without limitation your publicly available information, your email address and location, your public playlists (which we will be able to access for the purposes of delivering the Application service), your private playlists (which we will be able to manage for the purpose of delivering the Application service), access to your saved tracks and albums, your subscription details (but not your password which will be kept private from us by Spotify), details of who you are following. If you have any questions about this, please click on the Contact Us link on kobaltmusic.com. If you do not want us to receive any of the above information or data from Spotify, please don’t accept, download or use the Application.
To the extent you are directed to a Spotify website, app page or similar, you acknowledge and agree that Spotify will be responsible for its use of your data and information in accordance with their privacy policy and that we shall not be liable in any way for the same. We (and not Spotify) shall be responsible for the collection and use of your information and data solely in relation to the Website (as defined herein) and the Application as it appears on the Website and the terms of this privacy policy shall govern what we can and cannot do with your information and data.
How we use your information
We may use your information to enable you to have full access to the Application and Website, to contact you when you have requested us to do so, to produce anonymous reports, statistics and analysis of the types of users who access the Application and Website, to target online adverts to you regarding our services, to contact you for your opinions on the Application and Website and notify you about important changes to the Application and/or Website and to administer and improve the Application and Website.
We will retain your information for a reasonable period as required or as long as the law permits.
Disclosure of your information
We store the information you supply to us in a safe and proper manner in order to prevent unauthorised access, accidental loss, destruction, damage or unlawful processing.
By providing us with your information you are giving us your explicit consent to collect, process, disclose, transfer or store your personal data to (i) to any third party (including but not limited to Spotify) to whom disclosure is necessary to enable us to provide you with any services which you have requested including but not limited to data processors such as web hosting companies and web marketing service companies; (ii) where required to do so by law or court order; (iii) to any person to whom disclosure is necessary to enable us to enforce our rights under this privacy policy or under the terms of use; and (iv) to any group company or prospective buyer of all or substantially all of Kobalt Music Group Limited’s assets in connection with the sale or transfer of those assets to any prospective buyer. This may include the transfer of your personal data to one or more countries outside the U.K. By using the Application or Website you consent to third parties having access to your personal data, including those outside the European Economic Area (EEA). You understand and accept that if your personal data is disclosed to third parties outside the EEA those parties may be based in territories that may not have data protection provisions in law. We will attempt to ensure that your data is held safely.
The servers used to process your personal data collected from the Application and  Website are in the UK, however we collect data from wherever users are situated.  The information that we collect may therefore be transferred to the UK from any other country in which you may be located and will be subject to UK data protection laws rather than the laws of the country in which you are resident.
Accessing your Information
You are entitled to see the information we hold about you and you may ask us to make any necessary changes to ensure that it is accurate and kept up to date. If you wish to do this, please contact us. We are entitled by law to charge a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
Cookies
"Cookies" are small pieces of information sent by a web server to a web browser, which enables the server to collect information from the browser. You can find out more about how we use cookies here.