https://knoxvillesymphony.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Knoxville Symphony
Privacy Policy
Legal & Privacy Statement
Privacy Policy
This is the website of the Knoxville Symphony Orchestra. The primary purpose of our website is providing information regarding the Knoxville Symphony, not to gather personal information. We do, however, gather some information that is described below. The information we collect is used to improve the content of our web page, to notify consumers about updates to our organization, and to contact consumers for marketing purposes. Please note that by visiting and using knoxvillesymphony.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Gathered
For each visitor to our web page, our web server automatically recognizes the consumer’s domain name. We collect the domain name of visitors to our website, the email addresses of those who provide it to us or who communicate with us via email, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit and information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is created in the computer’s hard drive that gives that user a unique, random ID. A cookie cannot read data from your hard disk or read cookie files that have been created from other web sites. This ID enables the web site to readily recognize each visitor on a subsequent visit to the site. For example, a cookie may indicate the preferences selected by a visitor on a prior visit and facilitate more efficient browsing on subsequent visits. We use cookies to store visitor preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart and to record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit.
Use of Information
The primary purpose of our website is providing information regarding the Knoxville Symphony, not to gather your personal information. If you provide us with your email address, we will send you notifications about events, programs and promotions by the Knoxville Symphony. If you supply us with your postal address you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on our organization, promotions and upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by sending us an email at the below address or by calling us at the below telephone number. We do not share your address, email, or any other personal information. With respect to ad servers: we do not partner with nor have special relationships with any ad server companies.
Option to Restrict Use of Information
If you do not want to receive email from us in the future, please let us know by sending us an email at the below address, or unsubscribe at the link provided in our emails to you. Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding upcoming events or opportunities. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us an email at the below address or by calling us at the below telephone number. We will NOT share your telephone number with any other organizations.
Changes to the Use of Information
From time to time, we may use consumer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will contact you before we use your data for these new purposes to notify you of the policy change and to provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. Consumers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by sending us an e-mail at the below address or by calling us at the below telephone number.
Customer Review
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all information including proprietary information that we maintain about them. Consumers can access this information by sending us an e-mail at the below address or calling us at the below telephone number. Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us an email at the below address or by calling us at the below telephone number.
Security
When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server for the transfer of data. We have reasonable security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the below address or phone number.
Contact Information:
Knoxville Symphony Orchestra
100 S. Gay Street, Suite 302
Knoxville, TN 37902
Reach us by email at tmensch@knoxvillesymphony.com or by telephone at (865) 521-2319.