https://kristannaloken.shopsocialscenes.com/privacy/
Privacy
Home
Privacy
Privacy PolicyThank you for visiting www.shopsocialscenes.com, or the replicated website of an authorized Shop Social Scenes Retailer whose name appears on the site and made available by Shop Social Scenes, LLC (hereinafter “Shop Social Scenes” or “Company”) as a service to our Shop Social Scenes Retailers. As used in this Privacy Statement, the terms “our,” “we” and “us” refer to both Shop Social Scenes and your Shop Social Scenes Retailer unless the text on the site clearly indicates otherwise.This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is being used online. We appreciate the opportunity to interact with you through the Internet and are committed to safeguarding and protecting your privacy.  The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you about the types of information we might collect about you when you visit our site and how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to correct, that information.Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our Shop Social Scenes website(s).
What information do we collect from the people that visit our website and how do we use it?
Visitors:You can browse our Site without revealing any Personal Identifiable Information.  When do we collect information?When ordering, registering, responding to a survey, subscribing to a newsletter, or filling out a form on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, billing address, phone number, credit card information, or other details to help you with your experience.  You may voluntarily provide this requested information. RegistrationWhen you register to become an Shop Social Scenes Retailer and open your own Shop Social Scenes online Store, we will collect Personally Identifiable Information (such as name, address, e-mail address, social security number or Tax ID, and telephone number).  This Personally Identifiable Information is securely stored and may accessed under Contact Information through the Shop Social Scenes Retailer Only Back Office.  You are assigned an Shop Social Scenes Retailer Identification Number when you joined Shop Social Scenes as a Retailer and select your own user name password.  You will need both to enter the Site and to access your Contact Information.
How do we use your information?We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To process your transactions promptly.
To send information via emails on your orders, shipping, products, and services.
To help us improve our site to better serve you.
To be able to respond to any questions or concerns you may have and to respond to your customer service requests.
How do we protect visitor information?
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
To whom do we make information available?Website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, may be given access to your information so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.It is often essential to make personal information available to a number of departments and employees within Shop Social Scenes or to a trusted third party who assists us in conducting business and servicing your needs.  These parties are bound to, and will keep this information confidential.We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice. This does not include
We have implemented the following:Demographics and Interests ReportingWe, along with third-party vendors, such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions, and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.Opting out:Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
California Online Privacy Protection ActCalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. - See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/...According to CalOPPA we agree to the following
Users can visit our site anonymously
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page, or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy', and can be easily be found on the page specified above.
Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes on our Privacy Policy Page.
Users are able to change their personal information:
By calling us
By chatting with us or sending us a ticket
How does our site handle do not track signals?We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third party behavioral tracking?We do not allow third party behavioral tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation's consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.We do not specifically market to children under 13.
Fair Information PracticesThe Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via email within 7 business days
We will notify the users via in site notification within 7 business days
We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM ActThe CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.We collect your email address in order to:
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders
We may also send you additional information related to your product and/or service.
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred
To be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:
NOT use false, or misleading subjects or email addresses
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters
Monitor third party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can follow the instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting UsIf there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.Shop Social Scenes LLCAddress:Shop Social Scenes at PO Box 388San Juan Capistrano, CA  92693Phone:  800-492-4995Email:  Customer Service:  INFO@SHOPSOCIALSCENES.COMRetailer Services:  INFO@SHOPSOCIALSCENES.COM