https://kwsymphony.ca/privacy-policy/
Kitchener-Waterloo Symphony Privacy PolicyLast Updated: December 3, 2019
The Kitchener-Waterloo Symphony (“KWS”, “us”, “we”, and/or “our”), respects your privacy. This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) summarizes what personal information we collect when you visit our website, purchase tickets, attend a concert, make a donation or otherwise provide us with personal information. It also explains how we use and disclose this information, and how you may opt-out of some practices.
By providing us with personal information, you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with any terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Services or submit any personal information to us.
This Privacy Policy includes the following sections. You should read the entire policy; however, you may use the links below to be directed to the information you are seeking.
What is Personal Information?
“Personal Information” is any information (i) about an identified individual or (ii) that may be used to infer or determine the identity of an individual.
What Personal Information We Collect
Your interactions with us and/or our website determine what Personal Information we collect. For example, if you place a ticket order, we collect information to process the order. We also work with other companies, including data aggregators, to enrich and supplement what we already know about you and the people in your geographic area or demographic group.
How we Use Personal Information
We collect Personal Information about you for various purposes, such as processing purchases and donations, and improving our website and advertising. These are listed in our privacy policy. We may assemble the information we collect about you over time, and use it to better understand your interests.
How we Collect Information Automatically when you Visit our Website, Cookies, and how we use Online Advertising
When you visit our website or click on one of our online advertisements, we may collect information from your device. We also use cookies and other related technologies that monitor and maintain information about your use of our website. In addition, we may work with third party companies, such as Google Analytics and Facebook, to collect further information about your use of our website and of other websites.
How to Opt-Out of certain uses of your Personal Information
You can opt-out of some of our online tracking, analytical tools and third-party behavioural ads by following the links in our privacy policy.
How we Disclose Personal Information
We may disclose, or transfer your Personal Information in certain situations, such as to service providers who help us carry out the purposes we describe in this policy. These are set out in our privacy policy.
How we Protect Personal Information
We use technical, contractual, physical, and administrative security measures to help protect the Personal Information in our possession, but we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any Personal Information you provide to us.
We may Transfer Personal Information Outside of Canada
By providing us with Personal Information, you understand and expressly agree that we may transfer some or all of that information to be stored or processed on servers located outside of Canada, including in the United States.
Accessing and Correcting your Personal Information
Subject to certain limits, you may access, review, and request correction to the Personal Information of yours that we hold.
Children and Parents
By registering your child in one of our programs, you are agreeing to us collecting your child’s Personal Information for the purpose of operating the program.
Third Party Websites
This privacy policy does not apply to the content or privacy practices of any website(s) owned and operated by third parties, even if our website links to theirs.
We may Change this Policy
We encourage you to periodically review this privacy policy; we may make changes to it.
How to Contact Us
You may contact us using the information below.
1. What is Personal Information?
“Personal Information” is any information about an identified individual or an individual whose identity may be inferred or determined from such information.
2. What Personal Information We Collect
The KWS collects personal information to process donations, tax receipts, and ticket orders, and to perform the other practices we describe in this policy. This includes information such as name, mailing address, phone number, and email address. Such personal information may also be collected when people participate in KWS promotions, contests, surveys, social media or register to receive e- newsletters.
The personal information the KWS collects depends on how you interact with us or our website. For example, we may collect information, such as:
Your name, and contact information such as your address, phone number, and email address,
Your payment information,
Information relating to your demographics, such as your birthdate or age,
Information about your seating preferences, or medical information to better accommodate your needs,
Your history of purchases or donations,
Information about your capacity and interest to make philanthropic gifts,
Information about your preferences, such as your musical preferences,
Information you choose to provide when you communicate with us, and
Other information we are permitted or required to collect by applicable
We work with other companies to enrich and supplement what we already know about you, including data aggregators. For example, this may include obtaining demographic information from third party suppliers that does not identify you, or necessarily relate to you, but that they think may be relevant to you and your interests based on other information we or they hold about you compared with other people in your geographic area or demographic group, or who have interests similar to yours. We may use this information to help tailor the information we provide or display to you or others. For more information about your options, see the section 5 below.
Personal information obtained about patrons or other individuals or companies during telephone conversations or in-person meetings may be recorded for purposes of patron stewardship or relationship development.
If you visit our website, we may collect information as described in section 4, “How we Collect Information Automatically when you Visit our Website, Cookies, and how we use Online Advertising.”
3. How we Use Personal Information
Information collected will be used by the KWS for the following purposes:
to process your purchase or donation, including mailing tickets, and issuing charitable tax receipts,
if you initiate a purchase on our website, but leave our site before completing it, we may send you an email reminder,
including you on KWS mailing, email, and telephone lists,
communicating with patrons regarding their KWS ticket and/or donation activity, including asking you to renew your subscription, or to make a donation,
as necessary for KWS to administrate programs including the Youth Orchestra Program, summer camps, other education and community initiatives, and Conrad Centre for the Performing Arts rentals,
to understand how visitors interact with our website and our advertising,
to improve our website and advertising,
to carry out other purposes that are disclosed to you and to which you consent, and
to carry out any other purpose permitted or required by
The KWS collects information about identifiable individuals from published or public sources for the purposes of its own fundraising activities.
We may assemble information about you over time, and use it to better understand your interests. For example, we may learn your music preferences from your purchase history, or from information you provide us directly, such as when you fill out a form or survey.
4. How we Collect Information Automatically when you Visit our Website, Cookies, and how we use Online Advertising
When you visit our website, or click one of our online advertisements, we may collect general information such as:
your domain name,
the time of your visit,
which pages of our website you visit and how long you spend on them, and what features and links you click or use,
what advertisements you view or interact with,
how you interact with communications we send you, such as whether you open an email we send you,
your Internet Protocol (IP) address,
your Internet Service Provider (ISP),
your geographic location (country only),
the Operating System (Windows, Macintosh, etc.) you use,
the web browser (Safari, Internet Explorer, etc.) you use, and
the identity of the website you visited immediately before coming to our
This information is used to better serve visitors by helping us to:
Manage our website;
To serve advertising on our website and on third party websites and social media,
Diagnose any technical problems,
Track click streams, measure, monitor, and report on website traffic and page views,
Determine how visitors arrive at our website and interact with our content, including determining which of our advertisements are the most effective,
Remember you if as you navigate through our site, and if you return too it, and
Improve the content of our website, and our
In browsing the internet, you will encounter a technology known as “cookies”. “Cookies” are files or pieces of information that may be stored in a computer’s hard drive when an individual visits a web site. Most Internet browsers are initially set to accept cookies. We also use related technologies, such as web beacons, pixels, other storage technologies, and/or other similar devices. We may use cookies and such related technologies to enable you to use certain website features, improve website functionality, store and customize your preferences, recognize you when you return to our website, and monitor and maintain information about your use of our websites.
We may also work with third party companies, including social media companies, (examples provided below) to collect information about your use of our website and other websites through technologies such as cookies and related technologies so that we may provide advertisements and other content that are more relevant to your interests based on your internet activity history and to target you with advertising and other content on our website and other websites. We may disclose personal information (such as your name, email, or phone number) to these entities which may include social media companies, to better serve you and others with advertising and other content.
The third parties we work with may include:
Google Analytics, which uses cookies and other technologies to collect and analyze information about the use of our website and report on activities and trends. This service may also collect information regarding the use of other websites, apps, and resources. We may use this for impression reporting, and to learn, on an aggregate basis, about the demographics and interests of people who visit our website or click our advertising. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites, and opt out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Facebook, where we use both first party and third party cookies, as well as pixels and other technologies for both analytics and advertising to track activities such as page views, page interactions, clicks, and email submissions. We may use the information you provide to match you with your profile on Facebook, and better serve advertising and other content. You may adjust your Facebook ad settings and preferences by visiting this site: https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217?helpref=faq_content.
Hotjar, which uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices (in particular device’s IP address, device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used  to display our website). Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile. You can opt-out to the creation of a user profile, Hotjar’s storing of data about your usage of our site  and Hotjar’s use of tracking cookies on other websites by following this opt-out link: https://www.hotjar.com/legal/compliance/opt-out
5. How to Opt-Out of certain uses of your Personal Information
You can opt-out of certain of our online tracking and analytical tools, including our use of Google Analytics, and the Facebook pixel, by using the links we provide in section 4 above.
You may also opt-out of receiving certain behavioral ads, by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance website at http://youradchoices.ca/.
If you receive commercial email from us, you may opt-out by using the ‘unsubscribe’ tool at the bottom of such messages.
As a registered charitable organization, the KWS is exempt from the national “do not call” list but is committed to ensuring that patrons do not receive unwanted phone calls, emails, or letters from us or our representatives. Individuals may contact the KWS at the contact information provided in section 13 below to notify us of any types of communication they do not want to receive.
For more assistance, or any questions, please contact us using the information in section 13 below.
6. How we Disclose Personal Information
The KWS does not share, lend, sell, or rent mailing lists or any personal information with third parties, with the exception of companies hired by the KWS for purposes of selling KWS concert tickets, fundraising, or assisting us with the other purposes described in this privacy policy. For example, we may work with service providers to help us operate our website, and process payments. These companies are contractually bound to protect the information they process for us.
We may disclose certain of your personal information, such as a hashed version of our email list, to third parties such as social media sites. We do this to better serve our advertising, both to you, and to others, such as people who may have interests that we, or the social media site, believe may be similar to yours.
We reserve the right to transfer any personal information we have about you in the event that we merge with or are acquired by a third party.
We may also use, or disclose your personal information to third parties, if we have reason to believe that using or disclosing such information is necessary to: (i) conduct investigations of possible breaches of law; (ii) identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating an agreement they have with us; (iii) investigate security breaches or cooperate with government authorities pursuant to a legal matter; or (iv) to protect our rights, safety or property.
If you make a donation, we may disclose your name and the tiered amount of your donation to recognize and thank you as a donor. However, the KWS respects any donor’s request to remain anonymous for recognition purposes. If you wish to remain anonymous, please indicate your wish on the donation form, or contact us with your request.
Lastly, we may disclose your personal information for any other purpose to which you consent.
7. How we Protect Personal Information
The KWS uses industry standard technical, contractual, physical, and administrative security measures to help protect the personal information in our possession. Only staff members or KWS representatives needing access to personal information are provided access to such information and we limit their access to that needed for the purpose(s) they are carrying out. Credit card numbers are stored in our database, in compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard.
Hard copy records with patron transaction information are retained as required by law for seven years and then shredded and destroyed. Electronic database files with purchase and donation history are retained for as long as reasonably needed in order to provide appropriate patron service and recognition.
Personal information may be accessed by persons within our organization, or our third party service providers, who require such access to carry out the purposes described in this privacy policy, and such other purposes as permitted or required by applicable law. Personal information we collect is managed from our offices at Kitchener, Ontario.
No security measures can provide absolute protection. The KWS takes seriously our responsibility to protect the confidentiality of all the information you provide to us, and we take commercially reasonable efforts to carefully protect that information. However, we can’t provide any warranties to guarantee the security of that information.
8. We may Transfer Personal Information Outside of Canada
Some or all of the personal information we collect may be stored or processed on servers located outside of Canada, including in the United States. Data protection laws in the US or other countries may differ from those in Canada. As a result, this information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in those jurisdictions according to laws in those jurisdictions.
By providing us with personal information, you understand and expressly agree that we may transfer it outside of Canada or your jurisdiction of residence. If you do not agree to the transfer of your personal information outside of Canada, do not provide us with personal information. For example, the Customer Relationship Management software that we use, and its associated data servers are located in the United States.
9. Accessing and Correcting your Personal Information
You may access, review, and request correction your personal information held by KWS. If you request access, we endeavor to provide the information in question within a reasonable time.
To protect against fraudulent requests for access to your personal information, we ask you for information to allow us to confirm that the person making the request is you or is authorized to access your information before granting access. For example, we may require you to verify your identity before you access your personal information.
We reserve the right not to change personal information if we disagree that it is incorrect, but we will append your requested alternative information. We may not provide access to personal information where permitted or required to deny access by the applicable law, for example, where the information requested would disclose the personal information, including opinions, of another individual or if it is subject to solicitor-client or litigation privilege.
10. Children and Parents
Our website is not directed at children. However, some of our programs are open to children, such as musical education programs. By registering your child in such a program, you agree to our collection of the personal information of your child for the purpose of operating the program.
If you are the parent or legal guardian of a child who has provided us with personal information themselves, you may ask to review or delete this information.
11. Third Party Websites
Our website may contain links to websites owned by third parties. These other websites may have their own privacy policies and terms and conditions that are not governed by this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any website(s) owned and operated by third parties. Other websites may collect and treat information collected differently, so we encourage you to carefully read and review the privacy policy for each website you visit. Any links from this site  to other websites, or references to products, services or publications other than those of the KWS, do not imply the endorsement or approval of such websites, products, services or publications by the KWS.
12. We may Change this Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we change this Privacy Policy, we will indicate the date this Privacy Policy was last amended. By accessing or using this website  or providing us with personal information after such changes, you consent to this Privacy Policy, as revised. Please periodically review this Privacy Policy so that you know what Personal Information we collect, how we use it, and with whom we may share it.
13. How to Contact Us
If you have questions or complaints about:
accessing your personal information;
how we collect, use, manage or disclose personal information; or
this Privacy Policy;
please contact our Privacy Officer by sending an email to privacy@kwsymphony.on.ca or by writing to the Privacy Officer at 36 King St. W, Kitchener, ON N2G 1A3.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you consent to the usage of cookies.OkNoPrivacy policy