https://lanntair.com/legal
Cookies & Legal Info
Refunds and Exchanges on Tickets at An Lanntair
Terms and Conditions
Tickets are subject to the following terms and conditions, together with all other statements or directives shown on the ticket.
Our staff are legally required to ask for proof that you are old enough to watch an age restricted film if they have any doubt as to your age. In order to prove your age we require official I.D. that includes a photo and date of birth such as a passport (or photocopy of a passport) or a driver’s license.
For the cinema: Children under the age of 12 must always be accompanied by a responsible adult. Young people over the age 12 can come to the cinema unaccompanied, however film certificate age restrictions always apply.
For cinema or performances/events after 7pm in the evening: Children under the age of 14 must always be accompanied by a responsible adult. (Note: some performances will have specific age restrictions depending on each event, which must always be adhered to. If an event is marked 14+ or 18+, for example, young people must be over the stated age to attend the event.)
Licensed premises: As An Lanntair is a licensed premises, children and young people under the age of 18 are not permitted in the building after 8pm, unless they are attending a specific event or activity in the building, or eating a meal accompanied by a responsible adult in the café bar.
Terms of Sale
Tickets are sold as non-refundable, non-transferable as clearly stated on the rear of all tickets unless an event is cancelled by An Lanntair.
An Lanntair may take tickets back for certain sell out events for re-sale at our own discretion. In this case the original tickets must be returned to us before a re-sale can take place.
Cancellation & Postponement
In the event of cancellation or postponement of a performance, any refunds to be made to the purchaser shall be at the discretion of An Lanntair and will be made to the original purchaser via the same method that was used for payment.
Adverse weather – An Lanntair will refund tickets on events that have been cancelled due to adverse weather. However, if customers cannot attend an event that is taking place due to bad weather we may offer an exchange at our own discretion.
In the event of a date change at short notice (within one week of the event) An Lanntair will use reasonable endeavours to notify customers who purchased tickets from An Lanntair of the conditions that apply. Any refunds to be made to the purchaser shall be at the discretion of An Lanntair and will be made to the original purchaser via the same method that was used for payment.
Events held at An Lanntair by external hires may be subject to different terms and conditions. Please see your tickets for details.
Nothing mentioned in the aforementioned provisions shall affect the statutory position of the consumer.
Please note that any refund requests should be made within 24 hours of the event.
Concessions
We offer a concessionary rate on selected events and performances for:
Those in full time education
Young Scot Card Holders – http://young.scot/the-young-scot-card/
In receipt of benefits
Senior citizens
Concessionary tickets must collected in person and with valid proof of concession status.
Please note these concessions do not apply to cinema tickets. Our cinema prices are detailed below. However, we do accept the CEA Card.
From April 2019, new cinema ticket prices at An Lanntair will be:
Adult 2D – £8
Adult 3D – £8.50
Teen/student 2D- £6.50
Teen/Student 3D – £7.00
Child 2D- £5
Child 3D – £5.50
Member 2D – £7.50
Member 3D – £8.00
The CEA Card entitles you to ONE free ticket for someone to accompany you to the cinema to provide the assistance you may need during your visit. To get the free ticket, you will need to purchase a full price ticket for yourself for the same performance of the same film in the same auditorium.
The free ticket is provided on the assumption that the person who accompanies you can provide you with appropriate assistance, this might include
helping you move around the cinema including finding and taking a seat;
helping you leave the cinema in the event of an emergency;
accompanying and/or helping you use the cinema’s toilets;
helping you buy refreshments.
If you have any questions about An Lanntair’s terms and conditions please contact Head of Marketing, Kathryn Lamont Smith – kathryn@lanntair.com
We want to hear from you – If you have any feedback or comments for An Lanntair please email us on info@lanntair.com
An Lanntair Data Protection and Privacy Policy
An Lanntair Privacy Policy – Effective Date 01.03.18
We at An Lanntair (collectively “An Lanntair”, “we”, “us” and “our”) take your privacy very seriously. We know that you, like us, care about how your personal information is used and shared. Please read the following to learn more about how we collect, store, use and disclose information about you when you interact with us, in any manner, via our website and/or our services.
WHAT DOES THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVER?
This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of information that we gather when you are accessing or using our websites or services or when you contact us in any manner. We gather various types of information, including information that identifies you as an individual (“Personal Information”) as explained in more detail below.
WHAT INFORMATION DOES AN LANNTAIR COLLECT?
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US:
When you use our website – we collect the personal information that you provide to us, for example your name, your email address, your telephone number and your company name via our online forms.
When you use our services – we collect the personal information that you provide to us, for example your name, your email address, telephone number as well as any other contact or other information you choose to provide us in connection with the purchasing of tickets or the delivery of services.
INFORMATION WE AUTOMATICALLY COLLECT:
When you use our website – we collect information via cookies and other similar technologies which may include saving cookies to users’ computers. We collect certain information related to your device such as your device’s IP address, referring website, what pages your device visited, and the time that your device visited our website.
For further information, please see our cookies policy below.
HOW DO WE USE THE INFORMATION?
We use the information we collect via our services for a range of reasons, including:
• to set up a contact and company record in our CRM system;
• to provide, operate and maintain the services;
• to process and complete transactions and send related information including transaction confirmations and invoices;
• to manage our customers’ use of the services i.e. respond to enquiries and comments and provide customer service and support;
• to investigate and prevent fraudulent activities, unauthorised access to the services, and other illegal activities;
• for any other purposes about which we notify customers and users.
We use the information we collect via our website:
• for administration and reporting purposes including (but not limited to) troubleshooting, performance analysis, statistical analysis and testing
• to improve our website to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device;
• to analyse customers use of our website for trend monitoring and marketing purposes;
• for the purposes made clear to you at the time you submit your information – for example, to fulfill your request for information on our products and services;
• as part of our efforts to keep our website safe and secure.
We may also use the information you send to us via our website and/or services, to communicate with you via email and possibly other means regarding products, services, offers, promotions and events we think may be of interest to you or to send you our newsletter. You will always be able to opt-out of such communications at any time (see the “What choices do I have” section below).
HOW DO WE SHARE AND DISCLOSE THE INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES?
We do not rent or sell your Personal Information to anyone under any circumstances.
We may process your personal information for our legitimate business interests e.g. direct marketing, data analytics and/or enhancing/modifying/improving our services (see ‘Legitimate Interests’ section below).
We do not transfer any information, personal or otherwise, outside of the EEA (European Economic Area).
Under certain circumstances we may be required to disclose your Personal Information in response to valid requests by public authorities such as the Police or security services.
LEGITIMATE INTERESTS
“Legitimate Interests” means the interests of our company in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/products and the best and most secure experience. For example, we have an interest in making sure our marketing is relevant for you, so we may process your information to send you marketing that is tailored to your interests. It can also apply to processing that is in your interests as well. For example, we may process your information to protect you against fraud when transacting on our website, and to ensure our websites and systems are secure.
When we process your personal information for our legitimate interests, we make sure to consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative), and your rights under data protection laws. Our legitimate business interests do not automatically override your interests – we will not use your Personal Data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law).
If you have any concerns you have the right to object to processing that is based on our legitimate interests.
IS PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT ME SECURE?
We use appropriate technical, organisational and administrative security measures to protect any information we hold from loss, misuse, unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Unfortunately, no company or service can guarantee complete security. Unauthorised entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of user information at any time.
WHAT CHOICES DO I HAVE?
You can always opt not to disclose information to us, but keep in mind some information may be needed to register with us or to take advantage of our services. You can opt-out of receiving promotional or marketing communications from us at any time by using the unsubscribe link in the email communication we send. If you have engaged in any of our services we may send you non-promotional service related communications.
CHILDREN
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 16. If you are under 16, please do not attempt to register for the Services or send any Personal Information about yourself to us. If we learn that we have collected Personal Information from a child, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 16 may have provided us Personal Information please contact us at Marketing@lanntair.com
LINKED WEBSITES
For your convenience, hyperlinks may be posted on our website that link to other websites (the “Linked Sites”). We are not responsible for, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to, the privacy practices of any Linked Sites or of any companies that we do not own or control. Linked Sites may collect information in addition to that which we collect on the website. We do not endorse any of these Linked Sites, the services or products described or offered on such Linked Sites, or any of the content contained on the Linked Sites. We encourage you to seek out and read the privacy policy of each Linked Site that you visit to understand how the information that is collected about you is used and protected.
WILL AN LANNTAIR EVER CHANGE THIS PRIVACY POLICY?
We’re constantly trying to improve our website and services, so we may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will alert you to material changes by, for example, placing a notice on our website and/or by sending you an email when we are required to do so by applicable law. You are responsible for periodically reviewing this Privacy Policy.
WHAT IF I HAVE QUESTIONS ABOUT THIS POLICY?
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policies, please send a detailed message to our Head of Marketing Kathryn Lamont Smith at kathryn@lanntair.com
Our main address for the purposes of this website is An Lanntair, Kenneth Street, Stornoway, Isle of Lewis, HS1 2DS.
HOW WE USE COOKIES
Cookies are very small text files that are stored on your computer when you visit some websites.
We use cookies to help identify your computer so we can tailor your user experience, track shopping basket contents and remember where you are in the order process.
You can disable any cookies already stored on your computer, but these may stop our website from functioning properly.
The following is strictly necessary in the operation of our website.
This Website Will:
• Remember what is in your shopping basket
• Remember where you are in the order process
• Remember that you are logged in and that your session is secure. You need to be logged in to complete an order.
The following are not Strictly Necessary, but are required to provide you with the best user experience and also to tell us which pages you find most interesting (anonymously).
Functional Cookies
This Website Will:
• Track the pages you visit via Google Analytics
This website will not
• Share any personal information with third parties.