https://lebanonart.com/contact/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home/Contact/Privacy Policy
Privacy Policyjasoneldebs2019-12-25T16:13:30+02:00
Lebanon Art
Privacy Policy – Last updated: (02.1.2020)
LebanonArt.com operates under the site www.lebanonart.com. This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.
We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection and Use:
While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally, identifiable information may include your name, phone number, email and address.
Log Data:
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site (“Log Data”).
This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, and the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
We use Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze our site LebanonArt.com
Accounts and Communications:
You can directly contact us through our email info@lebanonart.com or after creating a secure account through our site.
We may use your Personal Information to only contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials.
We guarantee that will never give or sell your personal information to any third party. We value your privacy.
Security:
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes to This Privacy Policy:
This Privacy Policy is effective as of (23.6.2019) and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Contact Us:
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@lebanonart.com.