http://lessonplans.com/your-privacy/
LessonPlans.com archives lesson plans so you can easily find the lessons you need.
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Submit Your Lesson Plans
Testimonials
Browse Lesson Plans:
By Subject
By Grade Level
By Month
FREE Newsletter
Privacy | Benefits
Lesson PlansBy SubjectBy Grade LevelBy Month
Your Privacy
Your Privacy
The LessonPlans.com Privacy Policy has been developed as an extension of our commitment to combine the finest services to our members with the highest level of integrity with respect to content. The Policy guides how we collect, store and use information about our members, and it will be periodically assessed against new technologies, business practices and the changing needs of our members.
LessonPlans.com may, from time to time, modify this Privacy Policy to reflect legal, technological and other developments. In that event the changes will appear at this location.
Our Policy recognizes that personal data deserves the highest level of protection. Personally-Identifiable Information includes, for example, e-mail addresses, names and addresses of members, and “click stream” data that tracks user activity on a Web site or online service.
LessonPlans.com is committed to using all reasonable efforts to abide by the following Policy statement:
Collection. Personally-Identifiable Information will only be collected to the extent that LessonPlans.com deems reasonably necessary to serve a legitimate purpose. Please be aware that if you disclose Personally-Identifiable Information on a Website message boards or chat areas or lesson submission forms, that information may be collected and used by third parties without our knowledge and may result in unsolicited communications from third parties. Such activities are beyond the control of LessonPlans.com.
Notification. Members will be notified (usually at the point where Personally-Identifiable Information is collected) as to the uses the business unit may make of the Personally-Identifiable Information collected from them.
Choice: Opt Out for External Distribution of Personally-Identifiable Information. All members will be given the opportunity to refuse permission for External Distribution of their name, address or other Personally-Identifiable Information through an Opt Out mechanism. (External Distribution does not include certain limited distributions such as sharing Personally-Identifiable Information with an entity working on behalf of LessonPlans.com to serve our customers; transfer of Personally-Identifiable Information in conjunction with the sale or similar transfer of a business unit; or the disclosure of Personally-Identifiable Information in connection with legal proceedings, investigations of crimes or other wrongdoing. However, sharing Personally-Identifiable Information with an entity working on behalf of LessonPlans.com or transferring Personally-Identifiable Information in conjunction with the sale or similar transfer of a business unit is considered an Onward Transfer and will be handled as described below.
Security. Appropriate safeguards will be implemented to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of Personally-Identifiable Information about our members.
Access: Review and correction procedures have been developed through which members can, upon request, review and correct the Personally-Identifiable Information that has been collected from them by LessonPlans.com. These procedures may not, however, compromise the security, integrity and privacy of either LessonPlans.com’s own proprietary databases or databases licensed from third party companies.
Onward Transfer. Whenever LessonPlans.com permits a third party outside of LessonPlans.com to access Personally-Identifiable Information through either External Distribution or Onward Transfer, commercially appropriate procedures will be followed to help ensure that the Information is used only for authorized purposes and by authorized persons in a manner consistent with the choices members have made under this Policy, and that the security, integrity and privacy of the information is maintained. Please note that our Website may contain links to other Websites that have their own privacy policies and practices. While LessonPlans.com will employ appropriate procedures to help ensure that your information is only used for authorized purposes as described above, LessonPlans.com cannot make any guarantees with respect to the actions or policies of such third parties.
Questions and comments? LessonPlans.com Privacy Policy has been developed out of respect for the privacy preferences and choices of our members. We have established procedures to ensure that every reasonable effort is made to address your concerns. You should find contact information on our website that collects data from you.
To ensure that we follow our stated Policy, we conduct periodic and random reviews of our Web site and services.
Information
About Us
Advertise With Us
Contact Us
Sitemap
Submit Your Lesson Plans
Testimonials
Your Privacy
Popular Tags View All Tags
Crafts
Valentine's Day
Black History Month
Halloween
art
autumn
Animals
More from the Teacher Planet Network
Teacher Planet: themes, resources
Grants: grant search for teachers
Rubrics: complete teacher's guide
Worksheets: FREE online worksheets
UNE MSED Online
Teacher Freebies
Math Worksheets
Certificates: printable certificates
ESL for Teachers
Websites for Teachers: directory
Lesson Plan Templates
Sunday School Lessons
Lesson Plans RSS - Copyright © 2020 LessonPlans.com - All Rights Reserved
Powered by WordPress, Atahualpa WP Theme