https://letsgoarts.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
The Greater Hartford Arts Council values and respects your privacy. The information you provide is for the Greater Hartford Arts Council’s private use only, and is collected as a means of properly crediting and acknowledging your donations and communicating with you more effectively. As a matter of policy, we do not sell or share your personal information with any other organization.
The Information We Collect:
Reading
We collect and store only the following information about you: the name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com, if you are connecting from an America Online account, or hartford.edu if you are connecting from the University of Hartford’s domain), the date and time you access our site, and the Internet address of the Web site from which you linked to our site.
We use the information we collect to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, and to help us make our site more useful to visitors.
Online Profile Updates and Donations
If you complete the Profile update form and share your personally identifying information, this information will be used only to provide you with more targeted content. We may use your contact information to send further information about our organization or to contact you when necessary. You may always opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the “Opt Out” section below.
Sending us an Email
You also may decide to send us personally identifying information, for example, in an electronic mail message containing a question or comment, or by filling out a web form that provides us this information. We use personally identifying information from email primarily to respond to your requests. We may forward your email to other employees who are better able to answer you questions. We may also use your email to contact you in the future about our programs that may be of interest.
We want to be very clear: we will not obtain personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us. Providing such information is strictly voluntary. Except as might be required by law, we do not share any information we receive with any outside parties.
If you sign up for one of our email lists, we will only send you the kinds of information you have requested. We won’t share your name or email address with any outside parties.
Opt-Out or Change Your Contact Information
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us through a special online form. You may choose to receive only specific communications or none at all. You may also update your contact information previously provided to us through another online form. You can not remove yourself from our database, but you can prevent unwanted communication.
Our Commitment to Security
We have instituted procedural and technical safeguards to protect your personal information. These safeguards include encryption, firewalls and Secure Socket Layers. We treat data as an asset that must be protected. We employ many different security techniques to protect against loss and unauthorized access.
Cookies
When you view our website, we may store some information on your computer. This information may be in the form of “cookies.” Cookies are small text files we place in your computer’s browser to store your preferences and make your visit to our site more enjoyable. For example, we may use cookies to recognize your name when you return to our site. If you prefer, most browsers can be configured not to accept cookies or to indicate to the user when a cookie is being sent.
Collection of Information by Third Party Sites
Some of our website pages may contain links to other sites whose practices may be different than those of the Greater Hartford Arts Council. We are not responsible for the information distributed or collected by these other websites.
Contact Us:
If you have questions or comments about our security policy, or if you need to update your e-mail information or any other personal information, please contact us by email at info@LetsGoArts.org, by phone at (860) 525-8629, or by mail at:
Greater Hartford Arts Council
100 Pearl Street Hartford, CT 06103
Contact UsEmailinfo@letsgoarts.orgPhone860 525-8629Fax860 278-5461Address100 Pearl Street
12th Floor
Hartford, CT 06103Connect
All Rights Reserved
Privacy Policy
Conflict of Interest
Financial Information
Press Kit
×
Your ticket for the: Privacy Policy
Title
Privacy Policy
USD
Close
Print