https://lfexaminer.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
This is the privacy policy of LFexaminer.com, which applies solely to information collected by this Web site, and outlines:
What personally identifiable information is
collected from you through the Web site, how it is used, and with whom it may
be shared.What choices are available to you regarding the
use of your data.The security procedures in place to protect the
misuse of your information.How you can correct any inaccuracies in the
information.
Information
Collection, Use, and Sharing
Cinergetics, LLC. is the sole owner of the information
collected on this site. We only have access to and collect information that you
voluntarily give us via Web forms, e-mail, or other direct contact. We do not
sell or rent this information to anyone.
We use your information provide the products or services you
have requested and to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us. We do
not share your information with any third party, except as needed to fulfill
your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via e-mail or
postal mail to tell you about news, new products or services, or changes to
this privacy policy.
Subscribing
To subscribe to the print newsletter or the e-mail update, users must complete order forms that require certain information, such as name and address. This information is used to send the products to you and to contact you about your orders.
Comments
When you leave comments on the site, we collect the data entered
in the comments form as well as your IP address and browser’s user-agent string,
to help with spam detection. Comments and metadata are retained indefinitely.
This is so we can recognize and approve any follow up comments automatically,
instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
Embedded Content
This Web site may include embedded content (e.g., videos,
images, etc.) from other Web sites that behaves exactly as if the visitor visited
the other Web site. These Web sites may collect data about you, use cookies,
embed additional third-party tracking, and track your interaction with the
embedded content, including monitoring whether you have an account and are
logged in to that Web site.
Your Access to and
Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. By
contacting us via addresses or phone number given below, you may:
See what data we have about you, if any.Change or correct any data we have about you.Have us delete any data we have about you.Express any concern you have about our use of
your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you
submit personally identifiable information via this Web site, your information
is protected both online and offline.
Sensitive information is encrypted and transmitted to us securely.
You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking
for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information
transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees
who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or
customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
The computers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in
a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy,
you should contact us immediately.
Cookies
This site uses cookies: small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience. In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences, store information for things like shopping carts, and provide anonymized tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics. As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the About Cookies website which offers guidance for all modern browsers.
Some of our business partners (for example, advertisers) may
use cookies on our site. However, we have no access to or control over these
cookies.
We may share with our partners and advertisers aggregated
demographic information that does not include any personally identifiable information.
Links
This Web site contains links to other sites. We are not
responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We
encourage users to read the privacy statements of other sites that collect
personally identifiable information.
Surveys &
Contests
From time to time, our site may request information via
surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is voluntary
and you may choose whether to participate and therefore disclose this
information. Information requested may include contact and demographic
information.
Contact information
Cinergetics, LLC 1413 Eastbrooke Way Marietta, GA 30066 USA editor @ LFexaminer.com
+1-770-693-9755
2019-08-22
Comments are closed, but trackbacks and pingbacks are open.
News Links
Science Museum, London, upgraded to IMAX Laser, reopens Dec. 9.
Norwalk, CT, IMAX to reopen for 7 weeks before being demolished
Imax Corp. furloughs 150 employees
Chevy Humphrey named CEO of Museum of Science & Industry Chicago
Cineworld/Regal to temporarily close all UK and US theaters
Entergy Giant Screen Theatre in New Orleans to close permanently
Mexico’s Planetario Alfa, 4th oldest IMAX theater in the world, closes permanently (in Spanish)
Tenet grosses $11 million worldwide
Destination Cinema sells Victoria, BC, IMAX to Royal BC Museum
SUBSCRIBE For a limited time, get $50 off one year of LF Examiner!
Subscribe now!
Digests and Select Articles Read selected articles from the print edition of LF Examiner and digest summaries of each issue. View by categories or by date below.
Categories
Digests
Features
Memorials
News
Opinion
Archives
October 2020
August 2020
June 2020
April 2020
March 2020
February 2020
January 2020
December 2019
November 2019
September 2019
August 2019
June 2019
April 2019
March 2019
January 2019
August 2017
July 2017
May 2014
March 2014
January 2013
September 2012
June 2012
June 2011
December 2010
April 2010
March 2010
June 2009
May 2009
March 2009
October 2008
September 2008
Job Bank No openings at this time.
Visit us at
Home
Privacy Policy
About
Contact
© 1997-2020 by Cinergetics, LLC. All rights reserved.
Don`t copy text!
CookiesThis site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks