https://lfs.org.uk/privacy-policies
Jump to navigation
Menu
London Film School Privacy Policy
Data Protection & Privacy at London Film School
London Film School is subject to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The policies below explain when and why London Film School (“LFS”, “we”, “our”, “us”) collects personal information about you and how it is processed. We aim to be clear about data collection, storage, usage and your rights and to assure you that we would not use your data in a way you would not want or expect us to. Please familiarise yourself with any of the privacy policies that apply to you. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us by emailing my.data@lfs.org.uk.
LFS Communications Privacy Policy
LFS Enquirers and Prospective Students Privacy Policy
LFS Applicants Privacy Policy
LFS Student Privacy Policy
LFS Alumni, Supporters and Partners Privacy Policy
LFS Staff Privacy Policy (including contractors and job candidates)
LFS Workshops, Short Courses and Outreach Participants Privacy Policy
LFS Members of the Association Privacy Policy
LFS Governors Privacy Policy
LFS Online Shop Privacy Notice
LFS Notice Boards Privacy Notice
Related Policies
Related policies, including our Data Breach and Data Classification policies, can be found here.
Individual Rights
Under GDPR you have a series of individual rights. Most of these rights are covered in the various policies.
Right to Be Informed
You have the right to be informed when and why we collect personal information and how it is processed. You also have the right to be informed about data storage, access, sharing, and retention. All of these areas are covered in the various policies linked above.
Right to Access
Your right to access is covered in the various policies linked above.
Right to Rectification
Your right to rectification is covered in the various policies linked above, usually in a section called ‘Updating Your Data’.
Right to Erasure
Your right to erasure is covered in the various policies linked above.
Right to Restrict Processing
Your right to restrict processing is covered in the various policies linked above.
Right to Data Portability
You have the right to reuse data held by us for your own purposes (for example when applying to study at another higher education provider). This right allows you to move or copy any of your personal data provided to us to somewhere else in a secure way. If you want to exercise this right, please email my.data@lfs.org.uk.
Right to Object
Your right to object is covered in the various policies linked above.
Rights in Relation to Automated Decision Making and Profiling
Your right to in relation to automated decision making and profiling are covered in the various policies linked above.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files which are placed on your computer’s hard drive to help us monitor the use of our website and provide access to certain features. A cookie does not identify the individual only the computer used. Cookies enable the provision of a better experience of the School website. LFS uses cookies to track user behaviour, improve navigation. We do not use cookies which have a high impact on your privacy and will regularly review the use of cookies on our site to protect your privacy. In common with many organisations, LFS uses ‘Google Analytics’ a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. to enable the School to analyse how our website is used. This means that information about the use of our website may be transmitted to Google Inc. Users of the most popular web browsers can install a browser add-on which prevents information being transferred to Google, see: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Contact us Terms and conditions Site map Copyrights Privacy policiesRefund policy