https://lighthousemuseum.org.uk/privacy-and-cookies/
Privacy and Cookies
This policy is effective from 1st May 2018.
Acceptance of terms
By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of information as outlined in this documentation.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Details of your visits to our website and the pages that you access
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our website, such as when you sign up to our newsletter, register for information / quote or make a purchase. These will include your name and contact information including email address.
Information provided to us when you communicate with us for any reason.
What we do with the information we gather?
The information that we collect and store relating to you is primarily used to enable us to provide our services to you. In addition, we may use the information for the following purposes:
To provide you with information requested from us, relating to our products, services or quotes.
To meet our contractual commitments to you.
To notify you about any changes to our website, such as improvements or service/product changes, that may affect our service.
If you enter your details onto our online form(s), and you don’t ‘submit’ the form, we will not retain the information that you have entered.
Your information
We will not sell or rent your information to third parties.
We will not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes.
Security precautions
We take steps to ensure your personal information is treated securely. Non sensitive details such as your email address are sent normally over the internet when we or you contact us via email. This can never be 100% secure.
Update or remove your information
If you feel that any information we hold about you is out of date / incomplete or you would like to be removed from our records please contact us as soon as possible.
Cookies
Cookies are very small text files that are stored on your computer when you visit some websites. Cookies are not computer programs, and can’t read other information saved on your hard drive. They cannot be used to disseminate viruses, or get a user’s email address etc. They only contain and transfer to the website as much information as the users themselves have disclosed to that website.
We use cookies to make our website easier for you to use and to identify which pages are being used. This helps us improve our website and allows us to analyse data about our website. We will use this information for statistical analysis purposes only.
Cookies for analytics
We use analytics to measure how many visitors are using the website, which
pages interest them and to help improve the performance of our site. This involves storing the following cookies:
_utma Typical content: randomly generated number – Expires: 2 years
_utmb Typical content: randomly generated number – Expires: 30 minutes
_utmc Typical content: randomly generated number – Expires: when user
exits browser
_utmz Typical content: randomly generated number + info on how the
site was reached (e.g. directly or via a link, organic search or paid
search) – Expires: 6 months
For more information please visit
Google Analytics website.
Links to third party websites
This website may include links to other websites and social media buttons that are controlled and maintained by others. These websites should have their own privacy policies which you should check. Any links to other websites are not an endorsement of such websites and you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for the content or availability of any such sites.
Donate
Copyright 2020 The Museum of Scottish Lighthouses | Privacy and Cookies | Website by hedley enterprises