http://lillieammann.com/policies/
Skip to content
Menu
Home
About
Testimonials
Policies
Services
Books
Blog
Series
Resources
Contact Lillie
Menu
Home
About
Testimonials
Policies
Services
Books
Blog
Series
Resources
Contact Lillie
Privacy:
You are free to use my site without providing any personal information. If you sign up to receive blog posts via email, I collect your email address for the purpose of delivering the posts. Your email is kept private and not used for any other purpose. If you fill out my contact form, you are asked for your name and email address so I can respond to your request. The information is used only for that purpose and is not permanently stored.
If you’ve previously commented or sent any personally-identifiable information to me and wish to delete it, please contact me, and I will do so.
FTC Disclosure:
None of the posts are sponsored or paid. I do receive complimentary books and products for review, but I am not paid for reviews. My reviews reflect my honest opinion of the books or products. My clients pay me for services including promotional activity on other Web sites, but I am not compensated for anything I write about my clients on this blog.
In some cases, I may have an affiliate relationship with a site linked in a post (such a book recommendation that links to Amazon.com or Smashwords). However, I do not make a recommendation because I have an affiliate relationship, rather I have an affiliate relationship because I recommend the product, service, or site.
Copyright and Fair Use:
All content is my original, copyrighted work unless the material is marked as a quote. Any quotes are within the “fair use” provision of the copyright law to the best of my knowledge. For permission to reprint anything from my blog, contact me.
Comments:
Comments are not permitted. However, you may contact me via email or the form on my contact page.
Links:
I link only to sites that I believe would be of interest to and appropriate for my readers. However, since circumstances change and I have no control over sites I link to, I cannot be responsible for their content.
Guest Post Policy:
I generally allow one guest post per month. I consider guest posts only if the topic is one appropriate for this blog, and I ask the potential guest blogger to describe why my readers would be interested in his or her post, as well as why the blogger is qualified to write about the topic. If you wish to submit a guest post, please read my guest post policy before contacting me.
Contact Info210-344-5554
Contact Me
Search for:
Follow Lillie
Recent Posts
Happy Thanksgiving
Advent Devotional: The Judgment of God
Belated Happy Birthday to My Blog
Memorial Day
Moving During a Pandemic
Home | About | Services | Books | Blog | Resources | Contact | Policies
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. By closing this message, scrolling this page, clicking a link, or continuing to otherwise browse this site, you agree to the use of cookies on this site.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.