https://literaryreview.co.uk/privacy-policy#cookies-policy
Home » Privacy Policy
E
I
T
F
We respect your privacy and do not tolerate spam. Please read below to find out how we process the information you’ve given us.
This site uses cookies – small text files that are placed in your internet browser to help the site provide a better user experience.
In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences, store information for things like shopping baskets, and provide anonymous tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics. As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better and our communication to you more relevant.
The cookies we use can be categorised according to those identified by the ICC UK Cookie guide, as follows:
Category 1: Strictly necessary cookies
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies services you have asked for, like shopping baskets or e-billing, cannot be provided.
We use these on our site to handle security tokens during the subscriber login process to identify that you are logged in and so we can display premium articles to those with valid subscriptions.
Category 2: Performance cookies
These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works.
We use these on our site in the display of notices and promotions to visitors by region, and to ensure they are not shown to ‘remembered’ visitors within certain parameters. We also use third party cookies where the data is limited to our use only for managing the performance of the site.
Category 3: Functionality cookies
These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. For instance, a website may be able to provide you with more locally relevant news by storing in a cookie the region in which you are currently located. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymous and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
We use these on our site to remember choices you have made, for example in filling forms or to not be shown a notice again.
Category 4: Advertising cookies
These third-party cookies enable Literary Review to serve advertisements (for example, a magazine subscription offer) to visitors on other websites.  These advertisements will be based on your browsing behaviour on our website and may be tailored to the content you show interest in. The information this category of cookies gathers from your visit is limited to page URLs.
However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the All About Cookies website which offers guidance for all modern browsers.
Add This
Performance cookie
Opt out
Privacy Policy
Facebook pixel
Advertising cookie
Opt out
Privacy policy
Our monthly newsletter includes a digest of featured articles from the latest issue, notice of upcoming literary events, competitions and special offers. We may also contact you occasionally with announcements we feel may be of interest.
We will never share your personal information (name, address, email, etc.) with any third party or send you unsolicited email.
Subscribe to our newsletter
Unsubscribe from our newsletter
Our printed magazine subscriptions are managed by Warners Group PLC and you can read their privacy policy here.
The information you submit to Warners Group PLC when applying for subscription is shared with Literary Review for the purpose of organising postage of magazines, validation for subscribers’ access to premium articles on this website, and for providing customer service. Literary Review does not share or sell your personal data with any other parties.
Subscribers who wish to access premium content on this site must register and create an account to do so. We ask you to submit your name, email address, subscription reference number and postcode. We check that you have a current subscription from the information you’ve entered.
The information you submit is for no other purpose than checking the validity of your subscription and allowing us to identify you in case you have difficulties accessing premium content, or contacting you with respect to your subscription.
In accordance with the GDPR ( General Data Protection Regulation ) you are entitled by law to ask us to remove your details from our records, which we shall do on your request within 7 days.
This may be because:
• You subscribed to our newsletter
• You have a print subscription
• You have a print subscription and registered on this site to access premium articles
Please fill out the form below:
Your Name (required)
Your Email (required)
Subject
Data Removal RequestPrivacy Policy QueryGeneral Query
Your Message