http://londonmozartplayers.com/privacy-policy-for-london-mozart-players-website/
Privacy Policy for London Mozart Players website
London Mozart Players – Website Privacy Statement
1. Introduction
This privacy statement sets out how the London Mozart Players (“LMP”) uses and protects any information that you provide when you use this website, www.londonmozartplayers.co.uk, and provides information about individuals’ rights.   It applies to personal data provided to us, both by individuals themselves or by others. We may use personal data provided to us for any of the purposes described in this privacy statement or as otherwise stated at the point of collection.
Personal data is any information relating to an identified or identifiable living person. LMP is committed to protecting your personal information and being transparent about what information we hold about you. Using personal information allows us to develop a better understanding of those who are interested in our work, and, in turn, to provide you with relevant and timely information about the work that we do – both on and off the concert platform. As a charity, it also helps us to engage with potential donors and supporters.
We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page.  This policy is effective from 25 May 2018.
WHO WE ARE
London Mozart Players Trust Ltd is a charity and is funded by various trusts, foundations, individual donors and corporate supporters. Our registered charity number in England and Wales is 290833 and we are also registered as a company in England and Wales under registration number 1870034.
London Mozart Players Orchestra Ltd is registered as a company in England and Wales under registration number 8882717.
Our full details are:
Full name of legal entity: London Mozart Players
Email address: info@lmp.org
Postal address: St John the Evangelist, Sylvan Road, Upper Norwood, London, SE19 2RX
Telephone number: 020 8686 1996
It is very important that the information we hold about you is accurate and up to date. Please let us know if at any time your personal information changes by emailing us at info@lmp.org or by using the update facility on our marketing communications.
2. What we collect
Visitors to our website are generally in control of the personal data shared with us.   We may capture limited personal data automatically via the use of cookies on our website. Please see the section on Cookies below for more information.
We do not collect personal information about you unless you provide it to us via web forms on this website (for example, subscribing to our newsletter). London Mozart Players is the data controller and we are responsible for your personal data (referred to as “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy notice).
Any personal information you provide to us will only be used for the purpose it was provided. We will not reproduce, sell, trade or willfully expose your personal information without your consent unless instructed to by a court of law. While we strive to ensure the security of your personal information you should also be aware that no method of data transmission via the internet, or method of data storage is 100% secure. As such we cannot guarantee the absolute security of any personal information you provide to us.
Visitors are also able to send an email to us through the website. Their messages will contain the user’s screen name and email address, as well as any additional information the user may wish to include in the message.
3. What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
register for certain areas of the site;
subscribe to updates;
enquire for further information;
monitor and enforce compliance with our terms and conditions for use of our website;
administer and manage our website, including confirming and authenticating identity and preventing unauthorised access to restricted areas, premium content or other services limited to registered users; and
aggregate data for website analytics and improvements.
4. Marketing communications
We aim to communicate with you about the work that we do in ways that you find relevant, timely and respectful. To do this we use data that we have stored about you, that you supplied when you signed up to receive email communications. We use our legitimate interest as the legal basis for communications by email. We will provide you with an option to unsubscribe in every e-newsletter that we send you.
MailChimp and privacy consent
We use a third party provider, MailChimp, to send newsletters to our LMP newsletter subscribers. By subscribing to the LMP newsletter you consent to your personal information (including email address, first name and last name) being sent to and stored on MailChimp’s servers and to be used in accordance with MailChimp’s Privacy Policy. MailChimp is a TRUSTe endorsed company and does not sell mailing lists or email addresses. MailChimp also collects data regarding user engagement of the emails we send. This includes statistics around the opening of emails, link clicks, etc. This information helps us monitor and improve our newsletter service. You can opt-out of the LMP newsletter at any time by clicking on the ‘unsubscribe’ link provided by MailChimp in every newsletter.
5. Data retention
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. When deciding what the correct time is to keep the data for we look at its amount, nature and sensitivity, potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure, the processing purposes, if these can be achieved by other means and legal requirements.
For tax purposes the law requires us to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for six years after they stop being customers.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
6. Security
We have put in place security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used, altered, disclosed, or accessed without authorisation. We also allow access to your personal data only to those employees and partners who have a business need to know such data. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they must keep it confidential.
We have procedures in place to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach if we are legally required to.
7. How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
8. Links to other websites
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Website Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (Google). Google Analytics uses cookies and JavaScript code to enable the analysis of user activity on this website. The data collected is transmitted to and stored on Google servers. Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. The reports provided by Google Analytics help us understand our website traffic and usage.
To learn more about the data Google collects and how it’s used please refer to Google’s Privacy Policy. You can opt out of Google Analytics if you disable cookies or JavaScript but please be aware that doing so may prevent parts of this website from functioning correctly. Alternatively you can use the opt-out browser plugin provided by Google.
Paypal
We also provide an option to make donations using PayPal. When you use PayPal’s website to make a payment to us, you are subject to PayPal’s Privacy Policy, which you can review on their Privacy Policy page.
9. Individuals’ rights and how to exercise them
Individuals have certain rights over their personal data and data controllers are responsible for fulfilling these rights.   Where we decide how and why personal data is processed, we are a data controller and include further information about the rights that individuals have and how to exercise them below.
Access to personal data
You have a right of access to personal data held by us as a data controller.   This right may be exercised by emailing us – we will aim to respond to any requests for information promptly, and in any event within the legally required time limits.
Amendment of personal data
To update personal data submitted to us, you may email us or, where appropriate, contact us via the relevant website registration page or by amending the personal details held on relevant applications with which you registered.
When practically possible, once we are informed that any personal data processed by us is no longer accurate, we will make corrections (where appropriate) based on your updated information.
Withdrawal of consent
Where we process personal data based on consent, individuals have a right to withdraw consent at any time.   We do not generally process personal data based on consent (as we can usually rely on another legal basis).   To withdraw consent to our processing of your personal data please email us or, to stop receiving an email from a marketing list, please click on the unsubscribe link in the relevant email received from us.
Other data subject rights
This privacy statement is intended to provide information about what personal data we collect about you and how it is used.   As well as rights of access and amendment referred to above, individuals may have other rights in relation to the personal data we hold, such as a right to erasure/deletion, to restrict or object to our processing of personal data and the right to data portability.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please send an email to: info@lmp.org
Complaints
We hope that you won’t ever need to, but if you do want to complain about our use of personal data, please send an email with the details of your complaint to: info@lmp.org
We will look into and respond to any complaints we receive.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office (“ICO”) (the UK data protection regulator). For further information on your rights and how to complain to the ICO, please refer to the ICO website.
LMP at St John’s
St John the Evangelist
Sylvan Road
Upper Norwood
London, SE19 2RX
Registered No: 8882717
Registered Charity No. 290833
020 8686 1996
info@lmp.org
FOLLOW LMP ON TWITTER Tweets by mozartplayers
What's On
Forthcoming Concerts
LMP Live
At Home with LMP
About
News
Meet the Orchestra
History
Recordings
Hire the LMP
Current Vacancies
LMP Friends
Press & Media
JOIN THE LMP FACEBOOK FAMILY
Support Us
Individual Giving
Corporate Sponsorship
Donate
Current Supporters
Education & Community
Schools Projects
Community Projects
Anthem for Peace
Podium
Contact Us
Sign up for Newsletter
Latest LMP NewsMichael Collins joins the London Mozart Players as Artistic Director in Residence 2021-23Tuesday, 29 September, 2020 - 9:46amLMP launches Classical ClubTuesday, 22 September, 2020 - 5:22pmAlex Woolf’s Homespun Miniature, Duet for two bassoons, released on Monday 31st AugustFriday, 28 August, 2020 - 3:06pmLMP launches LMP ReachSunday, 16 August, 2020 - 4:52pmAlexander Armstrong narrates Prokofiev’s Peter and the Wolf, to bring ‘At Home with LMP’ lockdown series to a stylish closeMonday, 22 June, 2020 - 6:43am
Scroll to top