https://londonconcertchoir.org/data-protection-policy
You are hereHome
Data Protection Policy
Our Data Protection Policy refers to our commitment to treat the information of our members, supporters and other interested parties with the utmost care and confidentiality. With this policy, we ensure that we gather, store and handle data fairly, transparently and with respect towards individual rights.
Scope
This policy refers to all parties (members, supporters, customers, suppliers etc.) who provide any amount of information to us.
Who is covered under the Data Protection Policy?
Anyone associated with the Choir who uses or accesses the data we hold. Contractors, consultants, partners and any other external entity are also covered. Generally, our policy refers to anyone we collaborate with or acts on our behalf and may need occasional access to data.
Policy elements
As part of our operations, we need to obtain and process information. This information includes any offline or online data that makes a person identifiable such as names, addresses, usernames and passwords, digital footprints, photographs, voice part, financial data etc.
The Choir collects this information in a transparent way and only with the full cooperation and knowledge of interested parties. Once this information is available to us, the following rules apply.
Our data will be:
Accurate and kept up-to-date
Collected fairly and for lawful purposes only
Processed by the Choir within its legal and moral boundaries
Protected against any unauthorized or illegal access by internal or external parties
Our data will not be:
Communicated informally
Stored for more than a specified amount of time
Transferred to organizations, states or countries that do not have adequate data protection policies
Distributed to any party other than the ones agreed upon by the data’s owner (exempting legitimate requests from law enforcement authorities)
In addition to ways of handling the data the company has direct obligations towards people to whom the data belongs. Specifically we must:
Let people know which of their data is collected
Inform people about how we’ll process their data
Inform people about who has access to their information
Have provisions in cases of lost, corrupted or compromised data
Allow people to request that we modify, erase, reduce or correct data contained in our databases
Actions
To exercise data protection we’re committed to:
Restrict and monitor access to sensitive data
Develop transparent data collection procedures
Ensure all users of data understand online privacy and security measures
Build secure networks to protect online data from cyberattacks
Establish clear procedures for reporting privacy breaches or data misuse
Include contract clauses or communicate statements on how we handle data
Establish data protection practices (document shredding, secure locks, data encryption, frequent backups, access authorization etc.)
Our data protection provisions will appear on our website.
Dated September 2017