https://loreenamckennitt.com/privacy-policy/#cookiespolicy
HomeMusic
Live At The Royal Albert Hall2019 • Live RecordingLost Souls 2018 • Studio AlbumThe Journey So Far – The Best Of 2014 • Compilation / LiveTroubadours On The Rhine2011 • Live RecordingThe Wind That Shakes The Barley2010 • Studio AlbumA Mediterranean Odyssey2009 • Live RecordingA Midwinter Night’s Dream2008 • Seasonal RecordingAn Ancient Muse2006 • Studio AlbumLive in Paris And Toronto1999 • Live RecordingThe Book Of Secrets1997 • Studio AlbumThe Mask And Mirror1994 • Studio AlbumThe Visit1991 • Studio AlbumParallel Dreams1989 • Studio AlbumTo Drive The Cold Winter Away1987 • Seasonal RecordingElemental1985 • Studio AlbumNo Journey’s EndDVDNights From The AlhambraLive Recording / DVDA Moveable Musical FeastDVD
Tour
Tours & Appearances
News/Views
Current UpdatesThe View From Here
VideoShop
CDsVinylDVDsSheet Music
Community
Join LM CommunityYou Asked UsYou Told UsFollow on TwitterFollow on Instagram
About
About LMAbout Quinlan RoadFAQUK Privacy CaseHonorary ColonelContact
Loreena’s message regarding privacy policy
Dear friends,
As some of you may be aware, there has been growing concern about consumers’ privacy with respect to some social media companies like Facebook and other platforms.
With that in mind, we are taking the opportunity today to inform you of the various third party providers who support not only the LM Community list, but also the other services on this website. Below you will find a table of these companies with direct links to their respective privacy policy so that you may review them for yourself.
We have always taken your privacy very seriously and have never sold any of your information. However, it’s becoming apparent that third party providers may take a different approach and could be gathering your information and data without you knowing, or agreeing to it.
We will continue to review our own position with respect to third party providers, ensuring the strongest security for all.
Loreena
READ THE PRIVACY POLICIES OF OUR THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS
PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated: April 18, 2018
Quinlan Road presently maintains a free Loreena McKennitt mailing list service, telephone information services at our office in Canada, a mail order service which sells Loreena McKennitt recordings and related goods by post, and this Loreena McKennitt/Quinlan Road official website. In all of these cases, Quinlan Road (or “we” or “us”) maintains a strict policy of preserving your privacy and the confidentiality of any information about an identifiable individual (“Personal Information”) given to us via those channels.
By providing us with Personal Information via these channels, you signify your consent to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with any terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not provide Personal Information to us through these channels.
What Personal Information We Collect
The Personal Information we collect depends on how you choose to interact with us. For example, if you wish to be added to our mailing list, we collect your name, email address and geographic region. If you make a purchase from us, we collect your name, contact information such as your shipping and billing address, payment information and your geographic region. We also collect other information that you choose to provide, for example, if you call our telephone information services, or write to us.
How We Use Your Personal Information
Whether you visit our website, or contact us by phone, fax, post or email with a query or a request, or join the Quinlan Road mailing list by filling in a CD bounce-back card or filling in the email form on our site, or purchase a CD or other merchandise item from us by phone, fax, post or our website shopping cart, we take steps to help make sure your private information remains private and that we use it for the purposes for which it was provided. For example, we may use Personal Information to:
Operate our website in accordance with its terms and conditions;
Facilitate, complete or confirm, a purchase you choose to make, including completing payment and shipping;
Respond to your questions or inquiries;
To improve our products, services and website;
To send you our free Loreena McKennitt mailing list service;
To carry out other purposes that are disclosed to you and to which you consent;
To carry out any other purpose permitted or required by law.
How We Share your Personal Information
Except as required by law and as provided below, neither your name and address, nor details of your purchases, nor your email address or website visiting patterns, will be disclosed to third parties. We do not send unsolicited postal or email mail outs.
However, Quinlan Road may, on occasion, share some or all of your Personal Information with third parties for the purposes set out below. For example, Personal Information may be shared with third parties that provide Quinlan Road with services, such as processing payments, marketing or as may be required by law. We have provided the names and privacy policies for some of our current providers at the end of this privacy policy. Prior to sharing your Personal Information with any third parties, we undertake best commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that your privacy will be protected in accordance with this policy and that your information will remain confidential. We may also disclose Personal Information to third parties in connection with a corporate re-organization, merger or amalgamation, or the sale of all or substantially all of our assets, provided that the Personal Information disclosed continues to be used for the purposes permitted by this Privacy Policy by the entity acquiring this information.
How We Protect your Personal Information
Any data you provide us will be stored securely on our own systems and only for the purposes described in this policy, or to which you have otherwise agreed. We use appropriate safeguards to protect our systems from unauthorized access including firewalls, data encryption, as well as physical and digital access controls. However, despite our best efforts, no system can ever be completely secured against unauthorized access, intrusion or hacking.
Personal Information may be accessed by persons within our organization, or our third party service providers, who require such access to carry out the purposes indicated above, or such other purposes as may be permitted or required by the applicable law. Personal Information we collect is maintained at Stratford, Ontario and on third party remote servers located in the United States.
Some or all of the Personal Information we collect may be stored or processed on servers located outside your jurisdiction of residence, including in the United States, whose data protection laws may differ from the jurisdiction in which you live. As a result, this information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in those jurisdictions according to laws in those jurisdictions.
If you wish to be removed from our Quinlan Road mailing list database (or to correct any of the information we presently have for you), follow the links provided at the very bottom of each email newsletter, visit the Community section,or write to us at postmaster@quinlanroad.com or call us on 1-800-361-7959 or 1-519-273-3876.
How we Collect Information through Technological Means
Visits to our website are not tracked by analytics programs. Our website does use Cookies which are small bits of information stored on a visitor’s device that are used to manage your preferences, personalize your experience, let the site know whether an administrator is logged in and/or throttle request rates to prevent Denial of Service (DoS) attacks. We do not use Tracking Cookies to monitor your browsing history. Our online store is currently operated by the following third parties and you can access their respective privacy policies by clicking on the links below:
Maple Music Canada
Universal Music Canada
Universal Music Enterprises
How to Access and Correct Your Personal Information
We are committed to ensuring that the Personal Information we hold for each customer is accurate and up-to-date. You have the right to access your Personal Information in our files and to update, correct or remove that information as necessary, subject to any legal restrictions that would prohibit or restrict such action. To access your Personal Information, please contact us by telephone or e-mail at the numbers and address provided above. Please note we may require you to verify your identity before we allow you to access your Personal Information.
Children and Parents
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children. If a child has already provided us with Personal Information, his or her parent or guardian may contact us for the purpose of deleting this information.
Changes to this Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. We will reflect any such modifications to this Privacy Policy on our website and will indicate the date this Privacy Policy was last amended. Your continued access to and/or use of the website or provision of personal information to us after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy, as revised. Please periodically review this Privacy Policy so that you know what Personal Information we collect, how we use it, and with whom we may share it.
Contact Us
If you feel there is any way that we can strengthen our performance in this important area, or feel there is anything that we have overlooked, please do not hesitate to contact us with your suggestions. You may contact our Privacy Officer at postmaster@quinlanroad.com or by phone at 1-800-361-7959 or 1-519-273-3876.
Third Party Sites
Please note that this website contains links to other websites. Quinlan Road is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those websites.
The following is a list of our current third party service providers and you can access their respective privacy policies by clicking on the links below:
Service Provider
Application
Privacy Policy
MailChimp
Email Subscriber Management
Privacy Policy
Google
Translation
Privacy Policy
Social Stratt / Hoop.la
MessageBoard Provider
Privacy Policy
YouTube
Embedded Video Playback
Privacy Policy
Spotify
Embedded Audio Playback
Privacy Policy
Automattic WordPress
Website Content Management
Privacy Policy
Falcon Net
Web Server
Privacy Policy
Maple Music
Merchandise Fulfillment
Privacy Policy
This site uses cookies to assist us in providing you with the best possible experience when you visit.
By using this website you consent to our use of these cookies.OkRead more