https://lvphil.org/privacy/
Skip to main contentPrivacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Updated August 2020Welcome to the official website of the Las Vegas Philharmonic at http://www.lvphil.org.  We have created this website to provide information about the Las Vegas Philharmonic, its concerts and special events, to fulfill ticket requests, and to accept contributions.The Las Vegas Philharmonic values your privacy.  We have prepared this policy statement to explain how we collect, process and share information. What Information Does This Policy Cover?This privacy policy applies to personal information collected on our website that identifies you personally. This policy does not apply to any other information collected by the Orchestra through any other means. This policy also doesn’t apply to any site maintained or operated by other companies or linked to our site. It covers how we collect, use, and share that personal information as of the date that this privacy policy is posted.To help us achieve these purposes in a manner that is convenient for you, we gather two types of limited information from visitors to our website: anonymous usage information and the personal information provided by those who register with us. Details about what information we gather, and how we use it is presented here. The Las Vegas Philharmonic is committed to using reasonable best efforts to ensure the privacy of all our visitors.The Las Vegas Philharmonic is based in the United States. If you decide to use this site, your personal information may be transferred to the United States and processed according to the terms described in this privacy policy. The laws in the United States may not be considered adequate by authorities in your home country. If you prefer not to have your information transferred to the United States, don’t use this site. Otherwise, by using this site, you expressly consent and authorize the Las Vegas Philharmonic to transfer your personal information to destinations outside your home country and process it according to the terms of this policy.Anonymous InformationYou are welcome to visit and browse our website as often as you like without logging in, and no personally identifiable information about your visit will be collected. Our web servers track usage information for these visits, but on an entirely anonymous basis. This usage information is general data about how visitors use our website, which pages are most frequently visited, which websites most frequently refer visitors to our site, and how long patrons spend on our site.Our servers track your usage by logging your IP address. We do not associate the anonymous information we collect through the tags with any personal information, and we do not otherwise monitor this information on an individual basis. Instead, we aggregate this usage information and use it only to monitor broad usage trends, to evaluate the effectiveness of our website’s design, to determine what customers do and do not use on the website, and to improve the site’s overall usability. We may perform, or have third parties perform, analyses of visitors’ behavior, and may share aggregated data with sponsors and advertisers, again on an entirely anonymous basis.  Third parties include Google Analytics, https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US and the Facebook Ad Platform, https://www.facebook.com/policy.php.  Google Analytics uses cookies to remember a user’s behavior and it shares these insights with the Las Vegas Philharmonic. Google Analytics mainly uses first-party cookies to generate reports on who visits our website and what they do once they get there.We also obtain information in other ways through technology. Some of this information may be linked to you personally. This information helps our site function correctly and supports the work we do to understand the needs of our customers.We automatically collect and compile certain types of anonymous information from you whenever you interact with our site to deliver the products you request from us and help improve your overall experience. These “access logs” enable us to make our site more useful to you. The information automatically collected does not generally contain anything that can identify you personally. We log the following information:the date of your visitsthe time and length of your visitsthe browser you usethe IP address of your computerPersonal InformationThe Orchestra generally collects only information you voluntarily provide to us. The Las Vegas Philharmonic doesn’t require you to give information to access public areas of our site. This is true unless you live in a country that defines personal information to include network identifiers like your IP addresses. For some secure areas of our site, however, we require you to provide information when you use specific features. For example, we collect information from you when you:purchase tickets or merchandisedonate to our organizationjoin our email newsletterjoin our membership programrequest a brochure or other informationThis personal information, for example, may include your:namepostal addressemail addressphone numbercredit card informationlocation via IP addressdevice being usedpurchase history with the Las Vegas PhilharmonicThe Las Vegas Philharmonic uses PatronManager, https://patronmanager.com/privacy/ to capture personal information for ticket transactions, merchandise, donations, e-newsletters and other requested information.  For the monthly membership program, the Orchestra uses Patreon, https://privacy.patreon.com/#patreon-profile-information.  If you cannot or choose not to provide us with the information we reasonably require, we may be unable to provide you with the certain information or services you have requested. If you register, this information is used to fulfill your request and to provide a record of your transaction. It is stored by the Las Vegas Philharmonic and used again in subsequent visits only if you wish to make another purchase, make a contribution, or have an inquiry. Until that point your return visit is anonymous as only logging in triggers personal recognition on our site.Cookies Used on this SiteA “cookie” is a text file with a unique identifier that is placed on your hard disk by a website’s server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by the website that issued the cookie to you. We do not use cookies to store anonymous information or to track personally identifiable information on this site without registering. We use cookies only in the most limited manner, that is, to help our web servers maintain your current session as you go from one page to another. Without these cookies, for example, our website would not be able to keep track of your shopping cart contents.The Las Vegas Philharmonic uses tracking pixels and tags to gather information about the emails we send to our users. These are tiny graphic files, not visible to the human eye, that are included in our HTML-encoded email messages. When that message is opened in an HTML-capable email program, the recipient’s computer will access our email provider’s server to retrieve the pixel tag file, allowing us to record and store, along with your e-mail address, the date and time the recipient viewed the message, and other standard logging information. The pixel and/or tag also may see or read cookies. Facebook uses technologies, such as cookies, to customize content and advertising, to provide social media features and to analyze traffic to the site.  Facebook also shares information about your use of their site with their trusted social media, advertising, and analytics partners.Depending on the permissions you’ve granted and other factors, the Orchestra may receive information about your location and your mobile device when you use our site, including a unique identifier for your device. We may use this information to provide you with location-based services. Examples of the device information we collect include:Attributes such as the operating system, hardware version, device settings, file and software names and types, battery and signal strength, and device identifiers.Device locations, including specific geographic locations, such as through GPS, Bluetooth, or Wi-Fi signals.Connection information such as the name of your mobile operator or ISP, browser type, language and time zone, mobile phone number and IP address.Most mobile devices allow you to turn off location services, and the Orchestra encourages you to contact your device manufacturer for detailed instructions on how to do that.If you purchase a product on our site, we will collect payment card information from you, including your name, expiration date, authentication code, and billing and shipping address. We will securely transmit this information consistent with payment card industry rules to the appropriate payment facilitators. We may offer you the option to save information about the method and choice of payment on our site. If you save this payment card information on our site, you will be able to add, delete, or modify that information at any time using your account settings.Online AdvertisementsThe Orchestra advertises in a number of ways, including online through managed social media presences, and on other unaffiliated sites and mobile applications. To understand how our advertising campaigns are performing, we may collect certain information via our site through our advertising service providers. We or our vendors use several common online tracking tools to collect this information, such as browser cookies, web beacons and other, similar technologies. The information we collect includes IP addresses, the number of page visits, pages viewed via our site, search engine referrals, browsing activities over time and across other websites following your visit to our site, and responses to advertisements and promotions on the websites and applications where we advertise.We also use certain information to:present tailored ads, including banner ads and splash adsidentify new visitorsrecognize returning visitorsadvertise on other websitesbetter understand our patronsYour browser may give you the ability to control cookies. How you do so, however, depends on your browser and the type of cookie. Certain browsers can be set to reject all browser cookies. If you configure your computer to block all cookies, you may disrupt certain web page features, and limit the functionality we can provide when you visit or use our site. If you block or delete cookies, not all of the tracking that we have described in this policy will stop. Some browsers have a “Do Not Track” feature that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. These browser features are still not uniform, so we are not currently set up to respond to those signals.Links from Our Site / Embedded Content from other WebsitesOur site includes links to other websites and embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). We do not control the privacy policies of the destination sites. Once you leave our servers (you can determine where you are by checking the URL in the location bar on your browser), use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting. That policy may differ from our policy.Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.If you cannot find the privacy policy of any of these sites via a link from the site’s homepage, you should contact the manager of that site for more information. The Las Vegas Philharmonic is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of websites other than lvphil.org.E-mail Submitted to the Las Vegas PhilharmonicA Las Vegas Philharmonic employee will respond as soon as practical to e-mails sent via our website. Once we have responded to your request, your personal information is deleted. We do not store nor share this information.Keeping Your Information Secure and AccurateThe Las Vegas Philharmonic attempts to protect your information with appropriate security measures to guard against its loss, misuse, or alteration within reason. Accordingly, we use secure communications technologies whenever we transfer or receive certain types of sensitive information, such as financial data, and we restrict access to customer information to the use of authorized Las Vegas Philharmonic employees only.You can help the Las Vegas Philharmonic maintain the accuracy of your personal information by notifying us when you change your address, title, phone number, or e-mail address. Contact us via lvpinfo@lvphil.com if you wish to update your information or if you no longer wish to receive e-communications from us. Please include both your old and new contact information so that we can make the appropriate corrections.Retaining Your DataFor users that register on our website (if any), we also store their personal information in their user profile in PatronManager. Users may “opt out” of receiving any future communication from the Orchestra by sending a request via email to lvpinfo@lvphil.com.You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.CommentsThe Las Vegas Philharmonic would like to receive your comments or questions about this privacy policy. Please address comments or questions regarding our privacy practices to us via lvpinfo@lvphil.com.The Las Vegas Philharmonic may occasionally update this policy. Notice of revisions will be posted here as well as available to registered patrons of lvphil.org.Terms of UseBy accessing and using the Las Vegas Philharmonic website, you are hereby agreeing to be legally bound by the terms and conditions of our website. If you do not agree with all of the following terms and conditions, please do not use the Las Vegas Philharmonic website.Las Vegas Philharmonic website and your personal information are maintained and operated solely for the educational and non-profit purposes of the Las Vegas Philharmonic. Your participation on our website is at your own risk. The posted materials are provided to you “as is” without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and against infringement. The Las Vegas Philharmonic does not warrant that the functioning of our website will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that the Las Vegas Philharmonic website, the server that makes them available, or any other technologies used in connection with our website or your personal information are free of viruses or other harmful components. The Las Vegas Philharmonic does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use of materials on our website or maintenance of your personal information in terms of correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.Under no circumstances, including but not limited to negligence, shall the Las Vegas Philharmonic be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or inability to use, the materials on our website or the maintenance of personal information, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of consequential damages, so the above exclusion may not apply to you. In no event shall the Las Vegas Philharmonic’s total liability to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action, including but not limited to negligence, arising out of or in connection with your use of our website, exceed the amount paid by you to the Las Vegas Philharmonic, if any, for accessing the website.All site design, text, images, photographs, illustrations, audio clips, video clips, artwork, graphic material, code, or other copyrightable elements, and the selection and arrangements thereof, and trademarks are the property of the Las Vegas Philharmonic and/or other respective owners, and are protected, without limitation, pursuant to U.S. and foreign copyright and trademark laws. You may use and display the site and material contained in it for limited non-commercial and personal use only.Las Vegas Philharmonic2451 S. Buffalo Drive, Suite 135Las Vegas, NV 89141e: lvpinfo@lvphil.com / w: lvphil.orgp: 702-258-5438 Support LV Phil
As a non-profit organization, we rely on the generosity of our patrons and corporate partners to support our educational and community programming.Donate NowMembers Get More
Join our new membership program called Behind The Stand.
Each month we highlight a different composer, providing you with access to weekly content, music and performances.Become a Member