https://lyceum.org.uk/cookies-policy
Box Office: 0131 248 4848
My Account
Basket
Buy Tickets
Cookies Policy
Cookies
This website uses something called cookies. A cookie is a small text file of letters and numbers that gets put onto your computer when you visit a website. This allows the site to distinguish you from other users. A cookie isn't a computer programme, can't read files on your computer, can't carry viruses and can't install malware onto your computer.
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
Our use of cookies
At The Lyceum we use cookies to keep track of what you have in your basket, process transactions and to remember you when you return to our site.
If you do not wish to enable cookies, you will still be able to browse the site but you will not be able to login or purchase tickets.
The information below lets you know what cookies this site uses and what they are.
Spektrix
Spektrix is the booking platform we use to sell tickets. To purchase tickets through our website you need to have cookies enabled. If you do not you will not be able to complete your purchase. Spektrix cookies allow you to login, add multiple items to a shopping cart before purchasing tickets, merchandise and making donations. If you are struggling to progress beyond selecting tickets you will need to check your settings are enabled to accept cookies from third parties. To do this follow the relevant link for your internet browser/device:
Firefox
Chrome
Internet Explorer
iPad Cookie settings
If you use Safari, with Safari open, click on Safari on the top toolbar, then click preferences. In this window click on Privacy and ensure under 'Cookies and website data' that 'Allow from websites I visit' is selected.
Cookies used by Spektrix:
ASP.NET_SessionId, SpektrixClientName
Spektrix Cookies are essential to the running of the website they are outside the scope of Cookie Regulations.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics allows us to track pages you visit, and basic details about your web browsers. They cannot identify you personally. The data collected enables us to improve areas of our website based on levels of traffic to certain pages.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Cookies used by Google Analytics:
__utma __utmb __utmc __utmz __utmx __utmxx _ga _gat
Google Maps
Google Maps uses cookies to remember your preferences e.g. zoom and position
Cookies used by Google Maps:
APISID HSID NID PREF SAPISID SID SS SSID
YouTube
YouTube, which is owned by Google, uses cookies to measure the number and behaviour of YouTube users, including information that links your visits to our website with your Google account if you are signed in. We are not able to control the cookies set by Google, however there is information about how you can manage these cookies here.
Information about your use of our website, including your IP address, may be transmitted to Google and stored on their servers.This cookie does not identify you personally unless you are logged into Google, in which case it is linked to your Google account.
Cookies used by YouTube:
SID, LOGIN_INFO, use_hotbox, PREF, SSID, HSID, watched_video_id_list, __utma, __utmz, demographics, VISITOR_INFO1_LIVEData
Facebook Cookies
We embed feeds from Facebook on this site. Facebook does not use cookies to create a profile of your browsing behaviour on third-party sites or to show you ads, although it may use anonymous or aggregate data to improve ads generally. You can remove or block cookies using the settings in your browser, but in some cases, this may impact your ability to use Facebook.
For more information, visit Facebook’s Cookie Policy.
Twitter Cookies
We embed feeds from Twitter on this site. Twitter may use cookies to better understand how you interact with their services, to monitor aggregate usage by Twitter users and web traffic routing to their services. You can remove or block cookies using the settings in your browser, but in some cases, this may impact your ability to use Twitter.
For more information, visit Twitter’s Privacy Policy
Removing or disabling cookies
You may choose to remove or block cookies at any time by adjusting your browser settings, but in some cases, this may impact your experience of our website.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to:
Communications
Royal Lyceum Theatre Company
Grindlay Street
Edinburgh
EH3 9AX
Alternatively, please email marketing@lyceum.org.uk
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
cookies policy