https://magslhalliday.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content HomePrivacy NoticeContactBlogIndie comms adviserMy writing worldsFictional workNon-fictional work
HomePrivacy NoticeContactBlogIndie comms adviserMy writing worldsFictional workNon-fictional work Privacy Notice
Who I amMy name is Liz Halliday, and I also write as Mags L Halliday. You can contact me using the webform.What personal data I collect and why I collect itCommentsIf you leave comments on the site it collects the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.An anonymised string created from your e-mail address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service Privacy Policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.Contact formsIf you contact me using the contact form, the provided information will be saved by me and used to contact you in return. It will be held on an unshared drive, not in the cloud. It will not be shared with any third parties, or used to add you to any mailing lists (should I set one up).SurveysI sometimes run surveys to gather insight to help me provide services. If you take part in a survey then the majority of the questions will be optional. So you can quickly see how I handle data from surveys, I’ve put all the points in the list below as well as having them in the relevant section of this page.The information will be held on Smart Survey’s servers until I download it when the survey closes. The downloaded information will then be held in spreadsheet form on a password-protected hard drive for six months, and the Smart Survey responses deleted. You can read Smart Survey’s privacy notice.The survey responses themselves will be treated in confidence and will not be shared with any third party.
No email addresses will be shared with any third party.If you provide an email address and subsequently wish to opt-out of receiving any more communications, you can email me and I will delete your contact information. If I switch from keeping the mailing list on my hard drive to a third party service I’ll let you know in advance and provide ways to opt-in. The analysed results will be collated into a report that will be shared: no organisation will be identifiable from the report.CookiesIf you leave a comment on my site you may opt in to saving your name, e-mail address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.If you have an account and you log in to this site, it will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.When you log in, the site will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.Embedded content from other websitesArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.Who I share your data withYour data will not be shared with any third parties without your consent.If you have provided data through a survey I will not share your response with any third party. I may share the collated and analysed results with third parties, but I will ensure no organisation or person can be identified from the results and that any free text response that is quoted contains no identifying information.How long I retain your dataIf you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so the site can recognise and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.For users that register on this website (if any), it also stores the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.If you have provided information through a survey then I will retain your response for six months from the date the survey closes. The collated results from the survey will be held indefinitely.Where I send your dataVisitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.Your
data protection rightsUnder
data protection law, you have rights including:Your right of access – You have the right to ask for copies of your personal information.Your right to rectification – You have the right to ask me to rectify information you think is inaccurate. You also have the right to ask me to complete information you think is incomplete.Your right to erasure – You have the right to ask me to erase your personal information in certain circumstances.Your right to restriction of processing – You have the right to ask me to restrict the processing of your information in certain circumstances.Your right to object to processing – You have the the right to object to the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances.Your right to data portability – You have the right to ask that I transfer the information you gave me to another organisation, or to you, in certain circumstances.You are not required to pay any charge for exercising your rights. If you make a request, I have one month to respond to you.Please contact me using the form if you wish to make a request.© 2020 Mags L Halliday. Built using WordPress and Mesmerize Theme.
I use cookies so I give you the best experience on this website. If you continue to use this site I'll assume you are happy with it.OKPrivacy notice