http://mallorykane.com/about-mallory-kane/privacy-policy/
Home About Mallory Kane
Privacy Policy
Who we are
This website address is http://mallorykane.com. It is the promotional website for romance author Mallory Kane.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Contact form
When you submit information via the contact form on this website, your name and email address will be used only to respond to your submission, if a reply was requested. Your information will never be shared with others outside of the administrators of this site.
Newsletter sign-up form
While on this website, you may visit the Newsletter page or see a pop-up that asks you to submit your name and email address in order to be subscribed to Mallory Kane’s email newsletter. Signing up for this newsletter is completely voluntary and does not affect your use of the website. If you choose to subscribe to the email newsletter, your name, email address, and sign-up data will be saved within the email marketing service program we use. It will not be shared with others, and you may unsubscribe from the list at any time. You may also request to have your data scrubbed from our email marketing list at any time.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.