https://manifesta.org/aside/legals/
The European Nomadic Biennial
Stickers_M13M_8x8_V5
The Biennial
About the biennial
Manifesta 13
Manifesta 14
Hosting Manifesta
Previous editions
Network
Amsterdam exhibitions
Publications
Press archive
Art Mediation
Support us
Donate
Funders & Sponsors
Patrons
ANBI
Partners
About us
Organisation
Jobs
Contact
Newsletter
Colophon
Legals
Legals
DISCLAIMER
MANIFESTA is the title given to a program including the biennial exhibition, the name, the networking activity and all related events. The title, moral and intellectual assets of MANIFESTA, including all the know-how, the archive and the database are vested in the International Foundation Manifesta (IFM, Manifesta Foundation), registered with its corporate seat in Rotterdam, The Netherlands.
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The International Foundation Manifesta makes every possible effort to assure the completeness and correctness of all information published on this webiste. Inaccuracies can however occur. Neither the International Foundation Manifesta nor those who supplied the information involved are responsible for harm which may arise as a consequence of errors, problems caused by or inherent in the distribution of the information by Internet, nor do we assume liability for the content of the external links
The greatest possible care has been taken to identify all image copyright holders correctly. However, if we have omitted to do so in any individual instances, we should be most grateful if these copyright holders would inform us forthwith. It is our policy to immediately remove, upon notification and identification, any specific image displayed on this website represented to be owned or copyrighted by other parties. If verified, material will be removed immediately unless permission is given for its use.
The contents of this website are protected by the Dutch Copyright Act (Auteurswet). Unless permitted by Dutch law, it is not permitted to make public or reproduce (any part of) this website without the express written permission of the International Foundation Manifesta.
Contact: office(at)manifesta.org
PRIVACY POLICY
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This Privacy Policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting manifesta.org you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Manifesta Foundation is legally obliged to safeguard and use your personal data in line with all laws concerning the protection of personal data, including theGeneral Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (these laws are referred to collectively in this Privacy Policy as the “data protection laws”).
Data we may Collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Data you give us. You may give us data about you by filling in forms on our site manifesta.org by corresponding with us by telephone, e-mail or otherwise.
If you sign up to receive Manifesta Foundation newsletters you will be asked to register your name and email details and will be asked to provide consent to receive further materials from Manifesta Foundation. By providing such consent, you agree to receive information about the Manifesta Foundation. An unsubscribe link will always be provided within the newsletters, and also a link to manage your content preferences and contact details.
If you wish to subscribe to or purchase any of the Manifesta Foundation published products, you will be required to fill in your name and contact details. Your financial details will be shared with our payment system supplier in order to complete your transaction. Your financial details will not be held by Manifesta Foundation. If you wish to purchase products from us, you will be required to sign-up to the Website and provide certain personal data relating to you in order to enable us to complete your purchase and provide you with after-sales care, including your name, email address and a physical address.
You may also provide us with data when you enter a competition, promotion or survey, attend an event and when you report a problem with our Website. The data you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number.
Data we collect about you. With regard to each of your visits we may automatically collect technical data, including the internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform. We may also automatically collect data about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URLs) clickstream to, through and from our Website (including date and time), pages you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call our customer service number.
Data we receive from other sources. We may receive data about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide. In this case we will have informed you when we collected that data.
Cookies
Our Website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our Website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our Website and allows us to improve our Website. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie Policy.
Uses Made of the Data
We will use the data you give to us to:
provide you with information about our products and services across the Manifesta Foundation entities;
provide you with information about additional goods or services we feel may interest you. If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means (email or SMS) with information about goods and services similar to those which you have shown interest in before. If you are a new customer, we will contact you by electronic means only if you have consented to this. If you do not want us to use your data in this way, please tick the relevant box situated on the registration form on which we collect your data; and
notify you about changes to our services and the Website.
We will use the data we collect about you to:
administer our Website and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
improve our Website to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so; and
assist us in our efforts to keep our Website safe and secure.
Data we receive from other sources:
we may combine this data with data you give to us and data we collect about you. We may use this data and the combined data for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of data we receive).
Disclosure of your Data
We may share your personal data with:
any member of the Manifesta Foundation or its entities;
any third-party sponsors, provided you have previously given consent for a Manifesta Foundation entity to share your data with such third-party sponsor; and
analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our Website.
We may disclose your personal data to third parties:
in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
if a member of the Manifesta Foundation, or substantially all of its assets, is acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and/or other agreements; or to protect the rights, property or safety of the Manifesta Foundation, our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Where we Store your Personal Data
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for the Manifesta Foundation and their suppliers. Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfillment of your requests, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Security of your Personal Data
All data you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our Website; any transmission is at your own risk. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have implemented appropriate technical and organisational security measures to protect and secure your personal data. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your personal data is treated securely and used only in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Your Rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at office(at)manifesta.com.
Our Website may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks and service providers. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Access to and Correction of your Personal Data
You may contact Head of Communications at office(at)manifesta.com access, update, and correct your personal data, to ask for erasure, anonymisation or blocking of personal data that have been processed unlawfully, to object to the processing of your personal data, or if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy. Manifesta Foundation makes good faith efforts to provide you with such access or correction in accordance with and subject to the requirements of any applicable laws.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any changes we may make to our Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page and where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our Privacy Policy.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy are welcomed and should be addressed to office(at)manifesta.com