http://manncenter.org/privacy-policy
Skip to Main Content
Privacy Policy
About
Music Room
Press Room
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
MannCenter.org Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is a priority of the Mann Center for the Performing Arts, Inc. (“the Mann,” “we,” “us” or “our”). This Statement of Privacy applies to MannCenter.org (the "Site") and the Mann and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to the Mann include MannCenter.org. By using the Mann’s website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
In order to better provide you with products and services offered on our Site, the Mann may collect personally identifiable information, such as your:
First and Last Name
Mailing Address
E-mail Address
Phone Number
If you purchase the Mann’s products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction.
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; € submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Use of your Personal Information
The Mann collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
The Mann may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from the Mann and its affiliates.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
When visitors come to your site, third parties (such as AdRoll, Facebook, Google Ads) may place cookies on their browsers for targeted advertising purposes.
The Mann does not sell, rent, or lease its customer lists to third parties.
The Mann may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. The Mann may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to The Mann, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
The Mann may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on the Mann or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of the Mann; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Mann, or the public.
Tracking User Behavior
The Mann may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within MannCenter.org, in order to determine what services of ours are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within the Mann to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by the Mann. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Mann’s website.
Use of Cookies
The Mann’s website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize a page, or register with the Mann’s site or services, a cookie helps the Mann to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Mann website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the MannCenter.org features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Mann’s services or websites you visit.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Security of your Personal Information
The Mann secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. The Mann uses the following methods for this purpose:
SSL Protocol
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.
Opting-Out of Targeted Ads
We offer the following options for controlling the targeted ads (sometimes called “interest-based ads”) you receive and how we use your data.
Opting-out of this type of advertising through the below methods will not prevent you from seeing ads, but those ads will likely be less relevant because they will not be tailored to your interests. The ads might, for instance, be randomly generated or based on the web page you are visiting.
Web browser: You can opt-out of receiving personalized ads (including retargeted ads) served by us or on our behalf by clicking on the blue icon that typically appears in the corner of the ads we serve and following the instructions provided or by clicking here. Please note that this “opt-out” function is browser-specific and relies on an “opt-out cookie”, thus, if you delete your cookies or upgrade your browser after having opted out, you will need to opt-out again. If you use a Safari browser, please also see directions regarding our cookie-less technology opt-out, below.
Cross-Device Opt-Out: In some cases, we may link multiple browsers or devices to you. If you opt-out on a browser or device and we have additional devices or browsers linked to you, we will extend your opt-out decision to any other linked browsers and devices. Since we only link users across browsers and devices in some conditions, there could be cases where you are still being tracked in a different browser or device we have not linked, and where we are treating you as a different user.
Mobile Device Opt-Out: To opt-out of receiving targeted ads that are based on your behavior across different mobile applications follow the below instructions, for iOS and Android devices:
iOS 7 or Higher: Go to your Settings > Select Privacy > Select Advertising > Enable the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting; and
For Android devices with OS 2.2 or higher and Google Play Services version 4.0 or higher: Open your Google Settings app > Select Ads > Enable “Opt out of interest-based advertising”.
We also comply with the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising as managed by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA). You may opt-out of receiving personalized ads from other companies that perform ad targeting services, including some that we may work with as Advertising Partners via the DAA website here.
Note to Safari Users: When you opt-out on a browser, we, other advertising platforms, and other third parties, generally place a cookie on your browser instructing us not to use your other online behaviors to customize the ads you see. However, if you are using a Safari browser, opt-out cookies that are set for purposes of restricting this type of advertising may be deleted prior to their intended expiration date; we have no control over these browser controls or cookie deletions.
Do Not Track Disclosure: Some internet browsers allow users to send a “Do Not Track” signal to websites they visit. We do not respond to this signal at the present time.
You can also opt out of seeing personalized ads from AdRoll (and other companies) using the NAI opt out tool at http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1
For more information see the DAA website, http://www.aboutads.info/
Children Under Thirteen
The Mann does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
E-mail Communications
From time to time, the Mann may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication. In order to improve our Services, we may receive a notification when you open an email from the Mann or click on a link therein.
If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from us, you may opt out of such communications by clicking on the unsubscribe button.
External Data Storage Sites
We may store your data on servers provided by third party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted.
Changes to this Statement
The Mann reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Contact Information
The Mann welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that the Mann has not adhered to this Statement, please contact our Administrative Office at (215) 546-7900.
Effective as of 1/1/2020
Official Technology Partner