https://marciaweberartobjects.com/privacy-policy/
Artists & Available Art
How to Purchase
About Us
About the Gallery
About the Art
About Marcia Weber
Framing & Art Sizes
Interesting Links
Blog
Self-Taught Art • Contemporary Folk Art • Outsider Art
Call us at
334.220.5349
marcia@marciaweberartobjects.com • Facebook • Twitter
Artists & Available Art
Larry Aldridge
Alpha
Andrews
Leroy
Almon
Hope Atkinson
Michael
Banks
Ray Bellew
Rudolph
"Rudy" Bostic
Anne
Buffum
Jason Burnett
Richard
Burnside
David Butler
Frank Calloway
Chris Clark
Jerry
Coker
Brenda
Davis
Jack DeLoney
Thornton Dial
Hawa Diallo
Howard
Finster
Ab the Flagman
Ann Frantic
Don
Gahr
Sybil
Gibson
Lee
Godie
Anne
Grgich
Rev. Herman Hayes
Joseph
Hardin
Bessie Harvey
E. Hagert Heindl
Lonnie
Holley
James Harold Jennings
Jean
Lake
Eric
Legge
Joe Light
Calvin
Livingston
Woodie
Long
Annie
Lucas
Charlie
Lucas
Erika
Marquardt
Edward McCloud
Frank
McGuigan
Sam McMillan
R.A. Miller
Joe Minter
Bennie
Morrison
Bruce
New
Pak Nichols
B.F. Perkins
Sarah
Rakes
Ruth
Robinson
Juanita
Rogers
Jack
Savitsky
William
"Sezah"
Xmeah ShaElaReEl
"Fish Charlie" Simmons
Bernice
Sims
Robert E. Smith
James "Buddy" Snipe
Jimmie Lee Sudduth
Ionel
Talpazan
Annie Tolliver
Mose
Tolliver
The Tolliver Family
John Henry Toney
Bill
Traylor
Inez Nathaniel Walker
Fred Webster
Della
Wells
Myrtice
West
Mary Whitfield
"Artist Chuckie" Williams
Willie Willie
Purvis Young
David Zeldis
Malcah Zeldis
Faces
Places
Brenda Davis Benefit Sale
Latin American & Caribbean Folk Paintings
Ex Votos - Mexican Folk Art, Peruvian Milagros
Retablos - Mexican Folk Art
Art Creation Foundation For Children
Benefit Sale
Gift Ideas
Celebrate Summer with Woodie Long!
Beloved Animals
Various Art & Artists
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated October 17, 2019
Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at Marcia Weber Art Objects, Inc. (“Company”,“we”,“us”, or “our”). We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our policy, or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at marcia@marciaweberartobjects.com.
When
you visit our website https://marciaweberartobjects.com, and use
our services, you trust us with your personal information. We take your privacy
very seriously. In this privacy policy, we seek to explain to you in the
clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it and what
rights you have in relation to it. We hope you take some time to read through
it carefully, as it is important. If there are any terms in this privacy
policy that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our site and
our services.
This privacy
policy applies to all information collected through
our website (such
as https://marciaweberartobjects.com), and/or any related services,
sales, marketing or events (we refer to them collectively in this privacy
policy as the “Services“).
Please read this privacy policy carefully as it will
help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with
us.
TABLE
OF CONTENTS
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
4. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
5. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
6. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
7. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
8. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
9. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
10. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?
11. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?
1.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal
information you disclose to us
In Short: We collect personal
information that you provide to us such as name, address, contact information.  We
collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us
when expressing an interest in obtaining information about us or our
products and services, when participating in activities on
the Services or otherwise contacting us.
The
personal information that we collect depends on the context of your
interactions with us and the Services, the choices you make and the
products and features you use. The personal information we collect can include
the following:
Name
and Contact Data. We collect your
first and last name, email address, postal address, phone number, and other
similar contact data.
All
personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete and
accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal
information.
2.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:  We process your
information for purposes based on legitimate business interests, the
fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our legal obligations,
and/or your consent.
We use
personal information collected via our Services for a variety of
business purposes described below. We process your personal information for
these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests, in order to
enter into or perform a contract with you, with your consent, and/or for
compliance with our legal obligations. We indicate the specific processing
grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below.
We use the information we
collect or receive:
·  To
send you marketing and promotional communications. We and/or our
third party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us
for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing
preferences. You can opt-out of our marketing emails at any time (see the
” WHAT ARE YOUR
PRIVACY RIGHTS  ” below).
·  Deliver
targeted advertising to you. We may use your information to develop and
display content and advertising (and work with third parties who do so)
tailored to your interests and/or location and to measure its
effectiveness.
·  To respond to user
inquiries/offer support to users.  We may use your information to respond
to your inquiries and solve any potential issues you might have with the use of
our Services
3.
WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
In Short:  We only share
information with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with
services, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.
We
may process or share data based on the following legal basis:
Consent: We may process your data if you have
given us specific consent to use your personal information in a specific
purpose.
Legitimate Interests: We may process your data
when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business
interests.
Performance of a Contract: Where we have
entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information
to fulfill the terms of our contract.
Legal Obligations: We may disclose your information
where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable
law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal
process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in
response to public authorities to meet national security or law
enforcement requirements).
Vital Interests: We may disclose your information
where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action
regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud,
situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and
illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
More specifically, we may
need to process your data or share your personal information in the following
situations:
Vendors, Consultants and Other Third-Party Service
Providers. We may share your data with third party vendors,
service providers, contractors or agents who perform services for us or on
our behalf and require access to such information to do that work.
Examples include: payment processing, data analysis, email delivery,
hosting services, customer service and marketing efforts. We may allow
selected third parties to use tracking technology on the Services,
which will enable them to collect data about how you interact with
the Services over time. This information may be used to, among
other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain
content and better understand online activity. Unless described in this
Policy, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with
third parties for their promotional purposes.       Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your
information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger,
sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of
our business to another company. Third-Party Advertisers. We may use third-party
advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Services. These
companies may use information about your visits to our Website(s) and
other websites that are contained in web cookies and other tracking
technologies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services
of interest to you.
4.
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:  We keep your
information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in
this privacy policy   unless otherwise required by
law.
We will
only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the
purposes set out in this privacy policy, unless a longer retention period
is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal
requirements). No purpose in this policy will require us keeping your personal
information for longer than 2 years.
When we
have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information,
we will either delete it, or, if this is not possible (for example, because
your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will
securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further
processing until deletion is possible.
5.
HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
In Short:  We aim to protect
your personal information through a system of organizational and technical
security measures.
We have
implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed
to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, please
also remember that we cannot guarantee that the internet itself is 100% secure.
Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission
of personal information to and from our Services is at your own risk.
You should only access the services within a secure environment.
6.
DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
In Short:  We do not knowingly
collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age.
We do
not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. By
using the Services, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are
the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s
use of the Services. If we learn that personal information from users less
than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and
take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you
become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 18, please
contact us at marcia@marciaweberartobjects.com.
7.
WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short:  You may review,
change, or terminate your account at any time.
If you
are resident in the European Economic Area and you believe we are unlawfully
processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to
your local data protection supervisory authority. You can find their contact
details here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm.
8.
CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
Most
web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include
a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) feature or setting you can activate to signal your
privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities
monitored and collected. No uniform technology standard for recognizing and
implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently
respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically
communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online
tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about
that practice in a revised version of this privacy
policy   .
9.
DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short:  Yes, if you are a
resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to
your personal information.
California
Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits
our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a
year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information
(if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the
names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal
information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California
resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in
writing to us using the contact information provided below.
If you
are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account
with the Services, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data
that you publicly post on the Services. To request removal of such data,
please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the
email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in
California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on
the Services, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or
comprehensively removed from our systems.
10.
DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?
In Short:  Yes, we will update
this policy as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.
We may
update this privacy policy   from time to time. The updated
version will be indicated by an updated “Revised” date and the updated version
will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to
this privacy policy   , we may notify you either by
prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a
notification. We encourage you to review this privacy
policy   frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your
information.
11.
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?
If you
have questions or comments about this policy, you may contact our Data
Protection Officer (DPO), Marcia Weber, by email
at marcia@marciaweberartobjects.com, by phone at 3342205349, or by post to:
Marcia
Weber Art Objects, Inc.
Marcia
Weber
118
E Bridge Street
Wetumpka, AL 36092
United
States
HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE
DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
Based
on the laws of some countries, you may have the right to request access to the
personal information we collect from you, change that information, or delete it
in some circumstances. To request to review, update, or delete your personal
information, please submit a request to our Data Protection Officer.
About Us
Marcia Weber Art Objects gallery focuses on original one-of-a-kind masterpieces by self-taught artists, especially the art of genuine contemporary folk and outsider artists. More than 1000 works that are available for purchase can be seen on this site with price, art size and archival framing description if you click on the images. Marcia Weber has known many of these artists for over thirty years and passionately collected their art. Established in 1991, her gallery has presented many shows in New York, Atlanta and Chicago.
Read More
Latest Tweets
Tweets by artobjects
Please join our mailing list
Contact Info
Marcia Weber Art Objects
334.262.5349
334.220.5349
marcia@marciaweberartobjects.com
Visit us by appointment.118 E Bridge St Wetumpka, Alabama 36092
Our Location
Copyright 2020 Marcia Weber Art Objects, Inc.
All contents of this website may not be used in print or online elsewhere without express written permission. See our Privacy Policy .