https://markshepard.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footerMark Shepard is committed to protecting the privacy of our online visitors. We collect information from online visitors who ask to be on our newsletter mailing list and/or receive periodic email announcements. Anyone who wishes can choose to be removed from our mailing list at any time.
In addition, online visitors who wish to purchase a membership through our Web site must provide their name, email address, mailing address, phone number, and credit card number and expiration date. All credit card transactions occur over a secure connection.
All online visitor data collected by Mark Shepard is protected against unauthorized access. We will not sell, trade, or give your personal information to other companies or organizations.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that we have personal information on a child under the age of 13, we will delete that information from our systems. Mark Shepard encourages parents to go online with their kids. Here are a few tips to help make a child’s online experience safer:
Teach kids never to give personal information, unless supervised by a parent or responsible adult. Includes name, address, phone, school, etc.
Know the sites your kids are visiting and which sites are appropriate.
Look for Web site privacy policies. Know how your child’s information is treated.
Check out the FTC’s website for more tips on protecting children’s privacy online.
Contacting Us.
We can be reached by contacting:
Mark Shepard
Email: mark@markshepard.com
Primary SidebarContact, Like or Follow Mark
EmailRSSTwitterYouTube
FooterSite Map
Bookings
Sound Healing Hypnosis
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Search this website
You can find all my CDs (available from Amazon.com) by clicking the button below...
Mark Shepard's CDs
Want Me To Send You Occasional Emails About Secret Stuff?!
Leave this field empty if you're human: