http://martinlawrence.com/pages/privacy-policy
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Learn more.
I ACCEPT
Your Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
Subtotal:
View cart
Mobile Site Search
Shop
Shop
Browse By
Holiday Promo
Framed Original Artworks (5 For $1495)
Framed Original Artworks for $195
The Divine Comedy - Salvador Dali
100 Artworks Under $10,000
Double Dozen Collection
Robert Deyber Mini's
Erté Sculptures
Artists
View All
Price
$1,000 and under
$1,000 - $5,000
$5,000 - $10,000
$10,000 - $15,000
$15,000 - $20,000
$20,000 - $25,000
$25,000 and Up
Galleries
Appointments
Artists
Double Dozen
The Divine Comedy
Black Friday
My Account
Home
›
Privacy Policy
Chalk & Vermilion Fine Arts, Inc. d/b/a Martin Lawrence Gallery, Martin Lawrence Galleries, and Martin Lawrence Limited Editions (“MLG”) values Your business and knows that Your privacy is important to You.  MLG has created this Privacy Policy to advise You of the information that we collect, how we collect it, and what we do with it.
MARTINLAWRENCE.COM (the “Site”) IS MADE AVAILABLE TO USERS (“Users,” “User,” “You,” or “Your”) SUBJECT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.  BY USING THE SITE, YOU ARE ACCEPTING THE PRACTICES DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY, AS WELL AS THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE (THE “TERMS”), WHICH ARE AVAILABLE AT www.martinlawrence.com/pages/terms-and-conditions
How and When We Collect Information
We collect personal information from You when You provide it to us, such as by sending us feedback, contacting us, filling out MLG forms, providing it to us in hard copy form, signing up to receive a newsletter, joining our e-mail lists or any membership club, contributing any content, or purchasing a product from us.  MLG may collect and store Your contact information, such as Your name, e-mail address, postal address, and other information that You provide.
If You take advantage of any special services offered, including any communication or service, we may collect other personal information about You.
What We Do With Your Information
We are committed to protecting Your privacy.  We do not rent, trade, or share Your personal information with any other company, other than our corporate subsidiaries and other affiliated companies, for their marketing purposes without Your consent.
We may use Your personal information:
To provide You with information, services, or customer support that You request;
To prevent, discover, and investigate violations of the Terms;
To send You a newsletter, invitation, or other marketing or advertising communication;
To keep You informed;
To respond to Your questions and concerns;
To improve the Site and MLG’s marketing efforts;
To conduct research and analysis;
To display content based on Your interests; and
To allow You to participate in any interactive features of the Site.
We may share Your personal information with select third parties to assist with our communications to our Users and customers and to help with our business activities. These companies are authorized to use Your personal information only as necessary to provide these services.
We may also disclose Your personal information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, the request of a governmental authority, or legal process, or when MLG believes in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect rights or safety, or investigate fraud or other potentially criminal acts or civil violations.
We do our best to protect Your personal data when we collect personal information from You. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore its absolute security cannot be guaranteed; any transmission is at Your own risk.
Opting-Out of Communications
If You are no longer interested in receiving e-mail communications from us, You may choose to opt-out by following the unsubscribe instructions included in those communications, or You can e-mail Your request to comments@martinlawrence.com.  Please include Your complete name, e-mail address and mailing address. Note that You may still receive customer service related communications from us.
Third-Party Websites
The Site may contain links to websites operated by other companies or third parties.  We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites.
Cookies, Google Analytics and Advertisements
The Site may utilize “cookies” to personalize or enhance Your experience.  A cookie is data that is stored on Your computer or mobile device and contains anonymous information about You.  Cookies do not store any of Your personal information, but they do allow us to do things like customize service, content, and advertising, collect general usage and statistical information, identify You, and provide You with a more personalized User experience.  You may disable cookies if Your browser permits by selecting the appropriate settings on Your browser.  However, please note that if You disable cookies You may not be able to use the full functionality of the Site.
MLG uses Google Analytics, an analytics service provided by Google, Inc.  Google Analytics uses cookies to gather information, which is transmitted to and stored by Google, Inc., and may collect Your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, referring/exit pages, and operating system.  Google, Inc. will use this information for the purpose of evaluating Your use of the Site, compiling reports on Site activity for Site operators and providing other services relating to Site activity and internet usage. Google, Inc. may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google, Inc.’s behalf. Google, Inc. will not associate Your IP address with any other data held by Google, Inc.  By using this Site, You consent to the processing of data about You by Google, Inc. in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
From time to time we may provide and allow ads on this Site, which may collect information about Your visits to our Site and to any third-party sites linked to through the advertisement.
California Residents:  Your California Privacy Rights
Under California law (California Civil Code Section 1798.83), Users residing in California may request certain information regarding the disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. As detailed above, MLG does not share Users’ personal information with unaffiliated third parties for direct marketing purposes without Your approval.  Should You choose to seek further information, You can e-mail Your request to comments@martinlawrence.com with the subject “Request for California Privacy Information.”  In Your e-mail, You must provide Your name, mailing address, and e-mail address.  Please be aware that only information required to be disclosed by the California law will be included in our response.
Children’s Privacy
Our services are intended for Users ages 18 and older. We therefore do not knowingly collect or use any personal information from persons that we know to be under the age of 18. Children under the age of 18 shall not use the Site to submit any personal information about themselves. Should we become aware that information we have collected originates from a child under the age of 18, we will delete such information.
Contacting MLG
If You have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, its implementation, failure to adhere to this Privacy Policy, or MLG’s general practices, contact us at comments@martinlawrence.com. In Your e-mail, You must provide Your name, mailing address, and e-mail address.
We will use appropriate efforts to respond and resolve any problem or question.