https://maryjoputney.com/privacy-policy/
Begin Browsing
Complete Book List
Frequently Asked Questions
Historical Romance
The Rogues Redeemed Series
The Lost Lords Series
The Fallen Angels Series
The Silk Trilogy
The Bride Trilogy
Other Historicals
Non-Series Historicals
Traditional Regencies
Regency Novels
Paranormal Historicals
The Guardian Trilogy
The Stone Saints
Dark Mirror Series (YA)
Contemporary Novels
A Circle of Friends Series
Shorter Works
Non-Holiday Romances
Christmas Romances
Privacy Policy
It is MARY JO PUTNEY, INC. policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you or which you may provide to us, in the circumstances set out below. Accordingly, we have developed this privacy policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate, disclose, safeguard and otherwise make use of your personally identifiable information (“Personal Data”).
We will only collect and use your Personal Data where:
• we have lawful grounds to do so, including to comply with our legal obligations;
• we are performing a contract with you for our services; and
• we have legitimate interests in using your Personal Data and your interests and fundamental
rights do not override those interests.
For the purposes of the EU General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) (“GDPR”), we, Mary Jo Putney, Inc., are the “data controller”. If you have any questions about this policy or about how we use your Personal Data, please contact us via our contact details at the end of this policy.
This policy is effective as of 05/17/18. We review our privacy practices on an ongoing basis, and as such we may change this privacy policy from time to time. Please check this page frequently to ensure you are familiar with its current content.
1. Personal Data we collect via our website www.maryjoputney.com (the “Website”)
Personal Data that you provide to us
We only collect Personal Data where you choose to interact with us on the Website in the following ways:
• When you sign-up to receive free content (ebooks, newsletters), we collect: Email address, First name, Last name
• When you comment on the blog, we collect: Email address, name
• When you email me, we collect: Email Address, name, Any Personal Data which you provide to us in the email.
Data that we collect automatically
We automatically collect certain information when you visit our Website – such as the type of browser and operating system you are using, and the domain name of your Internet service provider. We do not link this information with any Personal Data.
We may also collect data automatically through our use of cookies on the Website. Please see our cookie policy to find out about the types of cookies we set and why, and how you can adjust your settings to disable cookies.
2. Use of your Personal Data
We will only use your Personal Data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we use your Personal Data to:
• process and manage your use of our website;
• respond to your questions, comments and requests;
• where you have opted-in to receive marketing from us, deliver communications that are
relevant to your preferences / may be of interest to you;
• improve our services and Website through analysis of information using Google Analytics.
3. Sharing of your Personal Data
We take your privacy seriously and will not share your Personal Data with others, except as permitted by applicable law or as set out below:
We share Personal Data as necessary with third parties who provide services or functions on our behalf and who require the information to provide those specific services to us. These third parties may include social media plugins such as Facebook for the purpose of liking or sharing content. Please note that we have appropriate data privacy safeguards in place with third parties with whom we share Personal Data as described above and who are providing services or functions on our behalf.
We use MailerLite to manage our email marketing subscriber list and to send emails to our subscribers. MailerLite is a third-party provider, which may process your data using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our newsletter.
MailerLite’s privacy policy is available at https://www.mailerlite.com/privacy-policy.
You can unsubscribe from our newsletter by clicking on the unsubscribe link provided at the end of each newsletter.
Mary Jo  is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com and affiliated sites.
We also have the Facebook like button and sharing installed, which is an analytics tool, to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising. Facebook’s privacy policy is available at: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
4. Keeping your Personal Data secure
We have implemented security policies and technical measures to safeguard the Personal Data we collect. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with applicable law, including the GDPR, to safeguard Personal Data from accidental loss, destruction or damage and unauthorized access, use and disclosure.
5. Retention periods for use of your Personal Data
We will use and store your Personal Data only for as long as necessary, bearing in mind the uses of your Personal Data as described in this privacy policy and otherwise as communicated to you. We review the Personal Data we hold at regular intervals and delete permanently or anonymize any Personal Data which is no longer necessary.
6. Children
This Website and our services are aimed at adults, and we do not knowingly collect any Personal Data relating to children aged under 15 years old. If you are under the age of 15, please do not provide us with any of your Personal Data, including your email address.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. – See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can easily be found on the page specified above.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:
• On our Privacy Policy Page
Can change your personal information:
• By emailing us
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
It’s also important to note that we do allow third-party behavioral tracking.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States’ consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
7. Access to and control over your Personal Data
You have legal rights under applicable law in relation to your Personal Data. You can ask the following questions, or take the following actions, at any time by contacting us via email [mjp@maryjoputney.com] or via our postal address:
• see what Personal Data we hold about you (if any), including why we are holding it and who it could be disclosed to;
• ask us to change/correct your Personal Data;
• ask us to delete your Personal Data;
• object to the processing of your Personal Data;
• ask us to restrict the processing of your Personal Data;
• withdraw any consents you have given us to the processing of your Personal Data; and
• express any concerns you have about third parties’ use of your Personal Data.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify you via email within 7 business days.
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
• Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
• Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
• Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
• Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
• Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
• Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
• Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
• Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can:
• Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
8. Change of purpose
We will only use your Personal Data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to have an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
If we need to use your Personal Data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
9. Contact Us
Our full details are: Mary Jo Putney, Inc.
Email for Privacy Questions: mjp@maryjoputney.com
Postal Address: P. O. Box 243, Riderwood, MD 21139-0243
Connect with Mary Jo!
Facebook
Toggle the Widgetbar
HOME
GO TO TOP
HOME
BOOKS
PRIVACY POLICY
COOKIES POLICY
TERMS & CONDITIONS
CONTACT MARY JO
Copyright 2020 Mary Jo Putney
Type and Press “enter” to Search
This website uses cookies to customize your experience. By continuing to use the site, you are agreeing to the use of cookies.OKAYREAD OUR COOKIES POLICY