https://maryjoputney.com/cookie-policy/
Begin Browsing
Complete Book List
Frequently Asked Questions
Historical Romance
The Rogues Redeemed Series
The Lost Lords Series
The Fallen Angels Series
The Silk Trilogy
The Bride Trilogy
Other Historicals
Non-Series Historicals
Traditional Regencies
Regency Novels
Paranormal Historicals
The Guardian Trilogy
The Stone Saints
Dark Mirror Series (YA)
Contemporary Novels
A Circle of Friends Series
Shorter Works
Non-Holiday Romances
Christmas Romances
Cookie Policy
As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience.
This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or ‘break’ certain elements of the sites functionality.
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this).
Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
You can learn more about cookies and how to disable them at Cookies & you.
The Cookies We Set
This site offers opt-in newsletter and email subscription services through Mailerlite and cookies may be used to remember if you are already registered and whether to show certain notifications which might only be valid to subscribed/unsubscribed users. Cookies may be used to keep from showing you a banner for a length of time if you’ve seen it during a prior visit.
When you submit data  through a form such as those found blog comment forms, cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence or use.
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
From time to time we test new features and make subtle changes to the way that the site is delivered. When we are still testing new features these cookies may be used to ensure that you receive a consistent experience whilst on the site whilst ensuring we understand which optimizations our users appreciate the most.
We also use social media plugins and/or buttons on this site that allow you to connect with your social network in various ways. For these to work, the following social media sites including but not limited to Facebook will set cookies through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their site or contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies.
More Information
Hopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren’t sure whether you need or not it’s usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site. However if you are still looking for more information you can contact us through one of our preferred contact methods.
Email:mjp@maryjoputney.com
Connect with Mary Jo!
Facebook
Toggle the Widgetbar
HOME
GO TO TOP
HOME
BOOKS
PRIVACY POLICY
COOKIES POLICY
TERMS & CONDITIONS
CONTACT MARY JO
Copyright 2020 Mary Jo Putney
Type and Press “enter” to Search
This website uses cookies to customize your experience. By continuing to use the site, you are agreeing to the use of cookies.OKAYREAD OUR COOKIES POLICY