https://mcspaddendulcimers.com/cookie-policy/
Skip to content
(870) 269-4313(877) 269-4422(Toll-free)
Facebook Help Shopping Cart My Account Login / Register Top Menu
Home AboutChoosing A Dulcimer Lifetime McSpadden Dulcimer Warranty
Shop Events Blog Contact Us
Cookie PolicyYou are here:HomeCookie Policy
McSpadden Moutain Dulcimers Shoppe does not disclose, give, sell, or transfer any personal information about visitors to its website unless required for law enforcement or by statute.
McSpadden Moutain Dulcimers Shoppe is committed to protecting your privacy. We will not collect any personal information about you when you visit our Website (other than the standard information automatically collected and stored in the Web server’s logs) unless you choose to provide it to us.
The detailed information regarding server logs and voluntary submission of personal information, “cookies”, security, and intrusion detection systems is provided below.
Information Collected And Stored Automatically
If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the Website, read pages, or download information, we will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically. This information does not identify you personally. Our Web server will automatically collect and store only the following information about your visit:
Your computer’s Internet Protocol (IP) address. (An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you go on the Web.)
The domain from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com, if you are connecting from an America Online account).
The Internet address of the Website, banner, or Email from which you selected or entered a link that brought you to our site.
The date and time you arrived at our site and how long you spent visiting the site.
The name and version of your computer’s operating system and browser: for example, Windows XP/Internet Explorer 8.0. (This information is supplied automatically by your computer and enhances your ability to view Web pages.)
The pages you visit.
We use this information to help us make the site more useful to visitors – to learn about the number of visitors to our site and the types of technology our visitors use. Unless it is specifically stated otherwise, no additional information will be collected about you.
If You Send Us Email
If you send us Email, we will collect and store your Email address and the content of the Email, including any personal information you chose to include. However, Email is not necessarily secure against interception. If you are worried because your communication is very sensitive, you can send it by postal mail or contact us via telephone.
If You Fill Out Online Forms
Certain areas like the “Register” page include forms where you actively enter your personal information. We use this personal information to ship your products or to provide you with the latest information pertaining to your initial request. Specifically:
When you submit a request for information or place an order, we need to know your name, Email address, mailing address, telephone number(s), credit card number, and credit card expiration date. If you complete a request for credit you may also be required to provide your social security number, statement of earnings, as well as employment history and contact information. This information allows us to process and fill your request or order and also to notify you of its status.
We may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about important changes to our Websites, new services, products and special offers that we think you may find valuable based on your initial request for more information. McSpadden Moutain Dulcimers Shoppe supports the ethical use of all communicative methods. Communications from McSpadden Moutain Dulcimers Shoppe will always provide complete contact information including mailing addresses, phone numbers and Email addresses (when applicable) to allow for the recipient to easily remove themselves from further contact.
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend’s name and Email address. We will automatically send the friend a one-time Email inviting them to visit one of our Websites or invite them to register for more information. The provided information will be stored for the sole purpose of sending this one-time Email and for tracking the success of our referral program. The referred friend may contact us at the addresses below to request the removal of this information from our database.
Cookies
Some pages on this Website employ “cookies.” A cookie is a small file that a Website transfers to your computer’s hard disk to allow the server to “remember” specific information about your session while you are connected. Requests to send cookies are not designed to collect information about you, but only about your “browser session.” The cookies make it easier for you to use the dynamic features of our Website. The cookies and the information about your session are automatically destroyed after a certain period of time. The information is not permanently stored on your computer. We do not collect personal information about you except as described above.
Security
We take reasonable measures to identify and prevent unauthorized access to our systems and disclosure of your personal information. All your ordering information – including your name, address, and credit card number – is encrypted using a Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address so it cannot be read over the internet.
Links To Other Sites
Our website may have links to other organizations that are not owned or maintained by McSpadden Mountain Dulcimers Shoppee. Once you follow a link to any other site, you are subject to its privacy policy.
Questions about McSpadden Mountain Dulcimers Products and Services privacy policies should be addressed to:
McSpadden Mountain Dulcimers Shoppee
www.mcspaddendulcimers.com
1104 Sylamore Ave
Mountain View, AR 72560
United States
mcspadden@mvtel.net
(870) 269-4313
Go to Top
This site uses cookies. By using the website and its offers and continuing to navigate, you accept these cookies.
You can change this in your browser settings. More information.Ok