https://mcspaddendulcimers.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
(870) 269-4313(877) 269-4422(Toll-free)
Facebook Help Shopping Cart My Account Login / Register Top Menu
Home AboutChoosing A Dulcimer Lifetime McSpadden Dulcimer Warranty
Shop Events Blog Contact Us
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally Identifiable Information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website?
When paying your rent on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other details to process the payment.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you place an order or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you make a rent payment in the following ways:
To quickly process your transactions.
To follow up with them after correspondence (email or phone inquiries)
How do we protect your information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user makes a payment to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
We do not use cookies for tracking purposes
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, some features will be disabled. that make your site experience more efficient and may not function properly.
However, you will still be able to make payments.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.
Third-party links
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
www.mcspaddendulcimers.com
1104 Sylamore Ave
Mountain View, AR 72560
United States
mcspadden@mvtel.net
(870) 269-4313
Go to Top
This site uses cookies. By using the website and its offers and continuing to navigate, you accept these cookies.
You can change this in your browser settings. More information.Ok