https://mecda.org/privacy-policy/
Home
Beauty
Fitness
Diet
Supplements
Health
Mental Health
Diseases
Sign in
Welcome!Log into your account
your username
your password
Forgot your password?
Privacy Policy
Password recovery
Recover your password
your email
Search
MecDa – Latest Beauty and Health News
Home
Beauty
The Natural Ways To Enhance Your Beauty
How to Achieve a Healthy Hair for a Long Time
No Beach? No Problem! Get Beach Worthy Waves at Home
How Ultrasound Technology Is Changing BBL Surgery
Grooming Techniques for Men
Fitness
‘From 40 To 4 Push Ups’: A Look At Tamannaah Bhatia’s…
Rebel Wilson Continues To Flaunt Weight Loss In Thigh-Skimming Mini Dress
Prime Day 2020 Deals On Home Gym Equipment And Fitness Gear
Can Gym Classes Continue Under The New ‘Rule Of Six’ Ban…
The Best Reasons To Workout From Home
Diet
To Juice Or Not To Juice, That Is The Question
The Dangers of Keto: The Newest Diet Trend
High-salt Diet Leads to Cognitive Decline
Consuming Fish Oil during Pregnancy Make Your Children Smarter
Research Says to Include These Healthy Foods in Daily Diet
Supplements
CBD Products You Should Try Out in 2020 for Improved Health
How to Choose the Best CBD Products
Researched And Proven Health Benefits Of Korean Red Ginseng Supplements
Recent VITAL study report: Not so Vital Statistics after all
Is Vitamin Supplement Doing More Harm than Good
Health
Rebel Wilson Continues To Flaunt Weight Loss In Thigh-Skimming Mini Dress
Can Gym Classes Continue Under The New ‘Rule Of Six’ Ban…
Coronavirus: Fitness Industry ‘Devastated’ By Lockdown
It’s Time To Give The Pedometer A Break And Embrace Lifting…
Bend It Like Christy. The Model And Yogi Partners With Loro…
Mental Health
How Mental Illness can impact negatively on your Physical Health
The Complex Relationship Between Drugs and Mental Disorders
Depression: A mental illness that needs to be paid attention and…
Hollywood films promoting mental health care awareness
Treat Neuropathy with the Right Supplements
Diseases
Signs That Warn About Future Diseases
A New Outbreak of ADHD in Adults
Ebola Vaccine Sees First Approval
Recent Studies Show a Drastic Increase in Severe Childhood Obesity
UK citizen falls prey to Tick-borne encephalitis
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated: 21 June, 2019
MecDa (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the MecDa website (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible at https://mecda.org
Information Collection And Use
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) may include, but is not limited to:
Log Data
We collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Google AdSense & DoubleClick Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Service.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
We use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we discover that a child under 18 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our servers immediately.
Compliance With Laws
We will disclose your Personal Information where required to do so by law or subpoena.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
1,725FansLike1,072FollowersFollow959FollowersFollow
How to Choose the Best CBD Products
AdiWilliams -
18 June, 2020
CBD products are an alternative and safer treatment for several health issues. It is an excellent dietary product that comes with a high biological...
Types of Oral Cancer and Their Treatments
AdiWilliams -
18 September, 2020
Oral cancer is simply any cancer that starts in the mouth. In general, oral cancer is ranked in larger groups of cancer identified as...
Hollywood films promoting mental health care awareness
AdiWilliams -
11 December, 2019
Movies are the cultural representation of the human race. It is a specimen of fine modern technology that sometimes portrays the best and sometimes...
The Main Causes Of Neck Pain And Why People Experience Stiffness
AdiWilliams -
27 May, 2020
These days, many people experience mild injury or neck pain due to strain, injuries, or bad sleeping habits. Inflammation caused by body reactions, overuse...
High-salt Diet Leads to Cognitive Decline
AdiWilliams -
4 December, 2019
According to a recent study, a high-salt diet negatively impairs the brain function leading to cognitive decline, in simpler terms, a person experiences trouble...
Researched And Proven Health Benefits Of Korean Red Ginseng Supplements
AdiWilliams -
1 June, 2020
Supplements are known to be alternative items that can be taken to boost the benefits you derive from the food you eat. In traditional...
Can Gym Classes Continue Under The New ‘Rule Of Six’ Ban...
AdiWilliams -
24 November, 2020
A new batch of lockdown restrictions were introduced this week including a nationwide 10pm curfew on hospitality businesses and stricter rules on face coverings...
Depression: A mental illness that needs to be paid attention and...
AdiWilliams -
11 December, 2019
Mental health includes cognitive, emotional, behavioral, and emotional wellbeing. It is all about how we act and behave in our everyday life. How we...
We want to use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. Click "OK" if you are ok with it.OkNoPrivacy policy
You can revoke your consent any time using the Revoke consent button.Revoke cookies