https://melsamba.com/privacy/
PRIVACY POLICY
We respect the privacy of our mailing list subscribers, those who answer our surveys, and those who fill out our questionnaires. It is our policy:
Third party use
To not sell, rent, or loan our lists to third parties for e-mail marketing.
Unsubscriptions
To send our newsletters only to those who request them, and immediately unsubscribe those who request it. Sometimes people subscribe for their friends, and while we try to prevent that by enabling a double Opt-in process, every issue of our free newsletter explains how to unsubscribe.
DISCLAIMER
MelSamba.com does not invite reliance upon, nor accept responsibility for, the information on this site. Reasonable precautions have been taken to ensure that the information on this site is accurate. However MelSamba.com does not give any guarantee, undertaking or warranty concerning the accuracy, completeness or currency of the information. Links to other web sites are inserted for convenience and do not constitute endorsement of material at those sites, or any associated organisation, product or service. In some cases the material may incorporate or summarise views, standards or recommendations of third parties. Such material is assembled in good faith, but does not necessarily reflect the considered views of MelSamba.com, or indicate a commitment to a particular course of action. Users should note that there are inherent risks associated with transmission of information via the Internet. Therefore users should make their own assessment of the potential risks to the security of their information when making a decision as whether or not they should utilise this facility.MelSamba.com accepts no liability for any interference with or damage to a user’s computer system, software or data occurring in connection with or related to the use of the MelSamba.com web site or software and nor does it accept any liability for any reliance on such software or information on the MelSamba.com web site.
You may download the information contained on, or referred to in, this web site for your own personal use but otherwise you may not reproduce or modify the information contained on, or referred to in, this web site without MelSamba.com’s express permission.
Subscribe to our Free Newsletter
Name
Surname
Email
By subscribing, I accept the privacy rules of this site
Search MelSamba.com
Search for:
error: Content is protected !!