http://mfa.concordia.ca/web/privacy.html
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Graduate programs
The MFA in Studio Arts represents the culmination of academic training in the visual arts. Alongside exemplary production skills within a given medium, our graduate students develop sophisticated understandings of the conceptual underpinnings of their work; of the social significance of their activities; and of the historical lineage and antecedents of their ideas.
MFA Program concentrations
The MFA in Studio Arts is a three-year disciplinary program within the context of a pluralist theoretical framework. Challenge yourself in a studio-oriented environment of rigorous critical inquiry.
Fibres and Material Practices
Intermedia
Film Production
Painting and Drawing
Photography
Print Media
Sculpture and Ceramics
MFA Student profiles
Learn more about our current graduate students here.
Fibres and Material Practices
Intermedia
Film Production
Painting and Drawing
Photography
Print Media
Sculpture and Ceramics
Residency requirement & facilities
The residency requirement consists of five consecutive terms of full-time study:
Fall, Winter and Summer terms in the first year
Fall and Winter terms in the second year
The residency allows for concentrated study and focus on individual studio experimentation theoretical seminars.
Once the residency requirement is complete, you will focus on the development and defense of your graduating project, a mature body of work produced under the mentorship of a faculty advisor. During this final year of study, you may also apply for a limited number of teaching assignments reserved for graduate students.
As a Studio Arts graduate student, you will have access to Concordia’s many state-of-the-art facilities.
See our facilities
The essentials
Take note of these essential resources. You'll need some of this information when you apply.
Admission requirements
Courses
Funding & awards
Download the MFA brochure [PDF]
Studio Arts faculty members
Fine Arts Future Students on Facebook
Conversations in Contemporary Art
Back to top
© Concordia University