https://michaelalford.co.uk/our-privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Michael Alford is the director of Salsola Ltd., an arts company offering Michael’s original paintings, drawings, prints and decorative murals as well as fine art and interior design consultancy services.
We are committed to respecting and protecting your personal data. This privacy policy explains how we use the personal data we collect from you when you contact us, whether by telephone, email, post, through our social media channels, and when you use our website.
What data do we collect?We collect the following data:
Personal identification information (name, email address, phone number, etc).
Information about your special preferences regarding types of art, preferred exhibition locations, and so forth, as provided by you.
Information about your business, where appropriate, including type of business, street address and media contacts.
How do we collect your data?You directly provide us with most of the data we collect. We collect data and process data when you:
Opt in through our email signup form.
Personally request to be added to our mailing list.
Provide information when you contact us via email, telephone, post or through our social media channels.
Work with us. For example, when you order a special commission.
Use or view our website via your browser’s cookies.
How will we use your data?We collect your data so that we can:
Respond to inquiries, comments and requests for information.
Send emails and post updates on social media with information about our exhibitions, events, appearances and other activities.
Keep suitable records for business and tax purposes.
Communicate periodically in order to maintain relationships with individuals, companies and organizations.
How do we store your data?We securely store your data:
In paper files stored securely in our offices.
In digital files held offline in our company data secure storage systems.
In software systems managed on Apple and Samsung hardware or on webware provided by reputable third-party suppliers including Google, WordPress, MailChimp and GoDaddy.
We will keep your name, email and other data provided by you for five years. Once this time period has expired, we will delete your data by removing it from our lists and files. We will remove your data from our files at any time, if you request it.
MarketingWe would like to send you information about Michael Alford’s new work, exhibitions, events, activities and appearances that we think will interest you. We post sparingly: you will not be inundated.
You will only hear from us. We will not swap, barter, sell, lend or otherwise share your personal data with other individuals, organizations or companies.
If you have agreed to receive messages from us, you may always opt out at a later date.
If you no longer wish to be contacted by us, please click here.
What are your data protection rights?We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access: You have the right to request copies of your personal data from us. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification: You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request us to complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure: You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing: You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing: You have the right to object to us processing your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability: You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us:
Email: info@michaelalford.co.ukCall: (+44) 208 870 2487Write to: Michael Alford, Unit 37 Delta House Studios, London SW17 0BA.
CookiesCookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behavior information. When you visit our site, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology.
For further information, visit allaboutcookies.org.
How do we use cookies?We cookies to improve your experience on our website, including:
Keeping you signed in.
Understanding how you use our website.
Improving our website using feedback from users.
What types of cookies do we use?There are a number of different types of cookies. We use those that:
Recognize you on our website and remember your previously selected preferences. These could include what language you prefer and your location. We use mix of first-party and third-party cookies for this.
We use cookies that collect information about your visit to our website, the content you viewed, the links you followed and information about your browser, device, and your IP address.
How to manage cookiesYou can set your browser not to accept cookies, and the All About Cookies website tells you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases, some of our website features may not function as a result.
Privacy policies of other websitesOur website sometimes contains links to other websites. Our privacy policy applies only to our website, so if you click on a link to another website, please read their privacy policy.
Changes to our privacy policyWe keep our privacy policy under regular review and place any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on January 20, 2020.
How to contact usIf you have any questions about our privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Email: info@michaelalford.co.ukCall: 0208702487Write to: Michael Alford, Delta House Studios, Unit 37, London SW17 0BA
How to contact the appropriate authoritiesIf you wish to report a complaint or if you feel that we have not addressed your concern in a satisfactory way, you may contact the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Their website: www.ico.org.ukTheir helpline on 0303 123 1113In writing to: Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF