https://mightymite.com/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY & Security POLICY
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY & SECURITY POLICY CAREFULLY. WHEN YOU USE OUR WEBSITE YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS PRIVACY & SECURITY  POLICY.
This Privacy & Security Policy will apply to the website, www.MightyMite.com (the “Website”), which is owned by Mighty Mite®, a division of Westheimer Corporation (the “Company”).
Company respect your privacy rights and how important it is to protect the information collected from you.  Company will not sell your personal information.  Please note that this policy applies only to sites maintained by Company and not to websites maintained by other companies or organizations that may be linked to this site.
COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION
Personal information is only collected should you decide to contact us through the Website for any services you require.
Information that may be collected:  When placing an order through Website, you will be required to provide personal information (such as: your full name, username, password, email address, a contact number, billing and shipping information and credit card numbers).  This information is used so that Company can contact you in the event of a problem arises with your order.  Some of this information will also be required for warranty registration and returns.
You also have the choice to request special offers and product update notifications; should you choice this, your email address and Country will be required.  If you no longer which to receive these emails, click the link within any email that says “UNSUBSCRIBE”.
My Account:  If you use this Website, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password.  Company reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remover or edit content, or cancel orders in their sole discretion.  Financial information that is collected is used to bill for product and other services.  Account number will be the email address that you enter; this will be used as your ID in our record system.  Once your order is processed, your card information is no longer held in the website; unless you have marked it to do so.
Information Collected Automatically:  Some information is automatically collected from your browser when you visit a Website.  This may include information such as your Internet protocol (IP) address; browser type or the domain from which you are visiting; websites you visit, search terms you use and any advertisements you click on.  Company does not associate your IP address with any other personally information to identify you personally, except in case of violation of the Terms of Use.
Collected by Cookies:  We use cookies and other technologies to passively collect demographic information, personalize your experience on our website and monitor advertisements and other activities.  Cookies are small files downloaded to your computer to track movements within web sites.  Company may link cookie information to personal information.  Cookies link to information regarding what items you have selected for purchase on our website or pages you have viewed.  This information is used to keep track of your shopping cart and make sure you don’t see the same ad repeatedly.  Also, Company uses cookies to deliver content specific to your interest and to monitor Website usage.  Outside ad companies may display ads; they may contain cookies, and Company does not have access to this information.  Most browsers are automatically set to accept cookies whenever you visit a website.  You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent.  However, some areas of our Website will not function properly if you do so.  Please note that this privacy & security policy covers the use of cookies by Company only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers or other linked sites.
Third Party Services:  You may register for other services from our Website.  Certain products and/or services available on our Website are provided to you in partnership with third parties and may require you to disclose personally information in order to register for and access such products and/or services.  Such products and/or services shall identify the third party partners at the point of registration.  If you elect to register for such products and/or services, your personally information will be transferred to such third parties and will be subject to the privacy policy and practices of such third parties.  Company is not responsible for the privacy practices and policies of such third parties and, therefore; you should review the privacy practices and policies of such third parties prior to providing your personal information.
Service Providers:  Company engages certain trusted third parties to perform functions and provide services to us; including, without limitations, credit card processing, Illinois sales tax collection, website hosting and maintenance, database storage and management, and direct marketing campaigns.  Company shares your personal information with these third parties, but only to the extent necessary to perform these functions and provide such services, and only pursuant to binding contractual obligations requiring such third parties to maintain the privacy and security of your information.
Law Enforcement:  Company cooperates with government and law enforcement agencies to enforce and comply with the law.  Company may disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement agencies as Company, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims, legal process (including subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of Company or a third party, the safety of the public or any person, to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity, or to comply with the law.
Business Transfers:  Company may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your personal information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy.  You will have the opportunity to opt out of any such transfer if the new entity’s planned processing of your information differs materially from that set forth in this Privacy & Security Policy.
SECURITY
While Website and Company take reasonable steps to safeguard and to prevent unauthorized access to your personal information; Company cannot be responsible for the acts of those who gain unauthorized access, and Company makes no warranty, express, implied, or otherwise, that Company can prevent all unauthorized access to your personal information.
In no way shall Company, its affiliates, officer or employee’s be liable for any damages arising out of, or in any way connected with, a third part’s unauthorized access to your personal information, regardless of whether such damages are based on contract, strict liability, or other theories of liability, and also regardless of whether Company was given actual or constructive notice that damages were possible.  It is up to you to protect against unauthorized access to your email address, password and computer.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this policy, feel free to contact us at support@mightymite.com or the postal address specified on our Website.
By visiting www.MightyMite.com you are agreeing to the Conditions of Sale, Terms of Use and this Privacy & Security Policy.
April 2018
©2020 MIGHTY MITE
Terms of Use
Privacy & Security Policy
Marketing & design by Guruz
Media