https://mightymite.com/terms-of-use/
TERMS OF USE
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS OF USE AND RELATED POLICIES CAREFULLY.
WHEN YOU USE OUR WEBSITE YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND POLICIES.
These Terms of Use are hereby effective on and will apply to the Website that you are visiting, www.MightyMite.com (the “Website”), which is owned by Mighty Mite®, a division of Westheimer Corporation (the “Company”).
Illegal or Abusive Usage is Strictly Prohibited
You must not abuse, harass, threaten, impersonate or intimidate other users of our Website.  You may not use the Website for any illegal or unauthorized purpose.  International users agree to comply with all local laws regarding online conduct and acceptable content.
Should you be found to have engaged in illegal or abusive usage of our Website; Company will suspend your account or usage as applicable.
Electronic Communication
When you visit our Website or send us emails, you are communicating with us electronically.  You consent to receive communications from us electronically.  Company will communicate with you via email.   You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that Company provides to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Copyright
Unless otherwise specified, all Trademarks appearing on this site, including text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations is the property of Company protected by United States and International copyright laws.  The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Company or its software suppliers and protected by United States and International copyright laws.
Hyperlinks to this Website must be authorized by Company.  This site cannot be used to portray Company, its affiliates, or their respective products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory or otherwise offensive matter.  Any unauthorized us of the Website, its content or any portion or derivative thereof shall terminate any rights granted by Company.
Trademarks
Mighty Mite®, a division of Westheimer Corporation or www.MightyMite.com and other Company graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts and service names are trademarks, registered trademarks and trade dress of Company in the USA and/or other countries.  Company’s trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Company’s, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers or in any manner that disparages or discredits Company.  All other trademarks not owned by Company that appear on this Website are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Company.
Your Account
If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept full responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password.  Company reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in their sole discretion.
Risk of Loss
All items purchased from Company are made pursuant to a shipment contract.  This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier.
General Conditions
Company reserves the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time.  You understand that your content (not including credit card information), may be transferred encrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.  Credit card information is always encrypted during transfer over networks.
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the service, use of the service, or access to the service or any contact on the website through which the service is provided, without express written permission by us.
The headings used in this agreement are included for convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these terms.
Accuracy, Completeness and Timeliness of Information
Company is not responsible if information made available on this site is not accurate, complete or current.  The material on this site is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete or timelier sources of information.  Any reliance on the material on this site is at your own risk.
This site may contain certain historical information.  Historical information, necessarily, is not current and is provided for your reference only.  Company reserves the right to modify and contents of this site at any time; but Company has no obligation to update any information on your site.  You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to our site.
Inventory Accuracy
Company makes our best effort to make our inventory information shown accurate; however, due to errors or failing final quality control inspection.  At times Company must give refunds and cancel orders.  Company will identify that as quickly as possible in all cases; but retain the right to cancel orders for such reasons and provide no rain checks or future shipment option of that model, color or price at our option.
This Website does not control any inventory located at a third party location.  Company is not liable for any inaccuracies on a third party sites that may be linked to this Website.  Company does not sell you product from this Website to fore fill a third party’s site.
Modifications to Prices/Specifications/Service
Prices for our products are subject to change without notice.  Company reserves the right at any time to modify or discontinue and part or service without notice at any time.
Company shall not be liable to you or to any third-party for any modifications, price changes, suspension or discontinuance of the service.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability
This site and all information, content, materials, products (including software) and services included on or otherwise made available to you through this site and are provided by Company on an “AS IS” and “AS Available” basis, unless otherwise specified in writing.  Company makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of this site or the information, content, materials, products (including software) or services included on or otherwise made available to you through this site, unless otherwise specified in writing.  You expressly agree that your use of this site is at your sole risk.
Certain State laws do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation or certain damages.  If these laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations may not apply to you, and you might have additional rights.
Applicable Law
By visiting our Website, you agree that the laws of the State of Illinois, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Terms of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and Company.  Company and user agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts located with Lake Country, Illinois.
The Terms of Use including all document referenced herein, represents the entire understanding between user and Company regarding the relationship of the user with Company and supersedes any prior statement or representations.  Headings used in the Terms of Use are for reference only and shall not affect the meaning of any terms.
By visiting any area on the Website or making a purchase from Mighty Mite® a user is deemed to have accepted the Terms of Use, Conditions of Sale and Privacy & Security Policy.
Before you buy VISIT – Privacy & Security Policy, Conditions of Sale and Warranty for additional important information.
April 2018
©2020 MIGHTY MITE
Terms of Use
Privacy & Security Policy
Marketing & design by Guruz
Media