https://millatsonning.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Whats On?
All Events
Theatre
Music
Comedy and Magic
Bar Events
Special Events
About
Covid Safety
About Us
History
Green Energy
Production
Hire The Mill
Restaurant
Waterwheel Bar
Waterwheel Bar
Hire The Mill
Get Involved
Get Involved
Friends of The Mill
Mill Angels
Sponsor a Show
Join Our Digs List
Getting Here
Book Tickets
Box Office
Seating Plan
Box Office:(0118) 969 8000
What’s On?
About
Covid Safety
Opening Times
History
Green Energy
Production
Hire The Mill
Restaurant
Waterwheel Bar
Hire The Mill
Get Involved
Support The Mill
Friends of The Mill
Mill Angels
Sponsor a Show
Join Our Digs List
Getting Here
Book Tickets
Seating Plan
Winter Season
Comedy Night
Christmas Crackers
Magic Night
An Evening with Phantom
An Evening with Phantom
Comedy Night
The Frank and Dean Show (Evening Performance)
The Frank and Dean Show (Evening Performance)
See all...
Theatre
Relatively Speaking
Busman’s Honeymoon
Two Into One
Top Hat
Support The Mill
Donate to The Mill
Music
Big Girls Don’t Cry
The Rod Stewart Experience
The Searchers and Hollies Experience
West End Meets Broadway
Voice of the Heart: Karen Carpenter
Sounds of the 60s Show with The Zoots
Gimme Gimme ABBA
See all...
Comedy & Magic
Comedy Night
Comedy Night
Comedy Night
Privacy Policy
About us
About
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookies & Internet Advertising
Keep in the know
Register today to get all the latest news on Productions, Offers, Events and much more!
Follow
Follow us on Facebook and Twitter for Special Offers and all the latest news from The Mill.
Opening Times
FOR NON-THEATRE GOERS
TUESDAY TO FRIDAY: 11am - 5pm
WEEKENDS: 11:30am - 5pm
FOR THEATRE-GOERS
MATINEE PERFORMANCES: 11:30am - 2pm
EVENING PERFORMANCES: 6pm - 11pm
Terms and Conditions
Conditions of Sale
ONCE PURCHASED THE TICKET MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED NOR MONEY REFUNDED (EXCEPT AS IN RESALES BELOW)
The management reserves the right, in combination with any other statements or directives which may be shown on the ticket or as displayed on the premises to:-
refuse admission of the ticket holder to the premises
refuse entry of and use on the premises of any camera or any from of audio or visual recording equipment
request the ticket holder to leave the premises and to take any appropriate measures to enforce such a request
delay entry of latecomers until a suitable break or interval in the performance/event
make any changes whatsoever in the performance/event owing to any unforeseen or unavoidable cause
cancel or abandon the performance/event for reasons beyond its control without notice and without being liable to pay any person any compensation or damage whatsoever other than at the Management's discretion, a possible percentage or maximum refund to the ticket holder of the value of the ticket.
Resales
In common with general theatre practice, tickets for the theatre cannot be exchanged or money refunded. If patrons find that they are unable to use their tickets, the Box Office will endeavour to resell on the understanding that the sale of the theatre's own available seats must take priority. A fee of 10% will be charged for successful resale.
The Mill at Sonning Theatre Ltd
Sonning Eye
Reading RG4 6TY
(0118) 969 8000
admin@millatsonning.com
Registered in England No. 1367251
THE MILL AT SONNING PRIVACY POLICY
We are committed to protecting your personal information and to bring transparent about the information we hold about you. Using personal information allows us to develop a better understanding of our patrons.
What personal information we collect from you
The Mill at Sonning Theatre may us the personal information that you provide to keep you informed about our artistic programme, opportunities to take part in and way to support the theatre. We will store your personal information securely and use it in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 2018 and the Privacy and Electronic Communication Regulation (PECR) 2012
Information collected from you
We aim to be clear when we collect your personal information and to use it in ways that you would reasonably expect us to do so. We will collect your personal information including for example, your name, address, telephone number and email address when you:
Book for a show or an event
Make a donation though the box office, online, in person at the box office
Become a friend of The Mill at Sonning theatre ltd
Join our mailing list
Make changes to how we contact you
Information about your interaction with us
We keep a record of your booking history and, if relevant, your donation history. When you visit our website or book an event, we collect information about your interaction with us. When we send you a mailing by post or email we store a record of this and for email communication, we keep a record of what emails you have opened, and which links you have clicked.
We also use information from online sources including:
Social media including Facebook Instagram; for targeted advertising.
Google Analytics; to understand how you use our website
Mailjet; is used to send you email communications.
Whether you need to provide personal information
You are not legally obliged to provide The Mill at Sonning with your personal information. However, if we do not have this information it may affect our ability to provide the service or contract requested. For example, if we do not have your contact details, we may not be able to inform you if the performance is cancelled.
How we use your personal information
Most commonly, we will use your personal information in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract that we are about to enter or have entered into with you.
Where we have your consent before using your personal information it that specific situation. Generally, we do not rely on con consent as a legal basis for processing your personal information, but where consent has been given, you have the right to withdraw it at any time by contacting us by telephone, email or post.
For the performance of a contract
When you make a purchase, you are entering into a contract with The Mill at Sonning Theatre. To fulfil this contract, we will collect, process and securely store your personal information to complete your booking. We will use this to keep you informed about essential information related to your transaction. This might include notification of change to the programmed events or issues processing payment.
Consent
There will be circumstances when we will ask for your consent before using your personal information. We will obtain your consent before:
Sending marketing communications by email relating to shows, events and offers, bookings, and ways to support The Mill at Sonning Theatre.
Sending marketing communications relating to shows, events and offers, bookings and ways to support The Mill at Sonning Theatre.
In Circumstances where we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. This will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your concent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We advise you if this is the case at the you withdraw your consent.
Legal obligations
We may be required to disclose personal information to comply with the law or to enforce our legal right.
Friends of The Mill at Sonning
If you support the theatre as a Friend of The Mill at Sonning we will contact you to fulfil the terms of your membership. You will receive information about upcoming shows eligible for priority booking, as well as receiving the regular season programme.
How we keep your personal information safe
Our procedures and the technology we use have appropriate safe guards in place to keep information as secure as possible.
Access to customer information is strictly controlled. The system can only be accessed by The Mill at Sonning staff who need it to do their job and deal with the customers needs. All staff required to adhere to current data protection legislations in line with The Mill at Sonning’s data protection policy and are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
If you use your credit or debit card to purchase from us or to make a donation, we will ensure that this is carried out securely and in accordance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). We optionally allow you to store your card details for use in a future transaction. This is carried out in compliance with PCI-DSS and in a way where none of our staff members are able to see your full card number. We never store your 3 or 4 digit security code. Our Finance data is secured via a managed hosting service delivered by Advanced. All Managed Hosting services are delivered exclusively from Data Centre facilities in England. Customer data is not transferred or stored outside of these facilities. Advanced’s internal networks are segregated to restrict access to areas of the networks that contain sensitive data, with RBAC (Role Based Access Control) further restricting access to specific individuals within certain roles. Advanced deploys market leading next generation firewall appliances to protect the Private Cloud environment from malicious attack. Network devices are managed within a secure management network and servers are secured by firewalls. In both instances SSL/TLS secure encryption protocols are used.
We will not transfer, process or store your personal information anywhere that is outside of the European Economic Area, unless we have a contractual agreement in place that is of an equivalent standard to GDPR. We occasionally employ other organisations to help fulfil our activities and agreed communication with you. For example, we work with a mailing company to send out our season brochure. When we do this, we will only give authority for the personal information to be used for the purpose it has been provided for. We will ensure that any third parties have safeguards in place to keep your personal information secure.
How long we keep your personal information
We store personal information for as long as it is necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of legal, accounting, reporting or booking requirements. We store your personal information so that any subsequent purchases or bookings can be linked back to the record that we hold for you on our system. We retain personal information based on the nature, sensitivity and purpose the personal information was collected for. Any objections you make to how we use your personal information will be stored against your record on our system so that we can comply with your requests.
Your rights to your personal information
You have the right to:
Request a copy of personal information held about you
Request that inaccuracies to be corrected
Request us to stop using your personal information
Withdraw consent
There is no fee for you to exercise any of these rights.
If you choose to exercise any of these rights, we may need to request certain information from you to help us confirm your identity. This is a security measure to ensure that personal information is not shared with anyone without the right to receive it. We aim to carry out all requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex. In this case, we will notify you.
Updating your personal information
To change any of the information we hold about you or to make changes to the way we contact you. Please email mail@millatsonning.com or by post to:
The Mill at Sonning Theatre Ltd
Sonning Eye
Reading
RG4 6TY
Privacy policy effective from 8th June 2018
Cookies & Internet Advertising
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
To read our Privacy Policy, click here