https://miraclechannel.ca/privacy
PRIVACY
This policy covers all websites owned and operated by Miracle Channel.
Collection of Information:
Your privacy is very important to us. We collect personal information, such as names, addresses, postal codes, email addresses, etc. when voluntarily submitted by visitors to our website. Your information is used in sending confirmation of online giving, registrations for events, purchases made through our online store, as well as notifying you of upcoming events and information. If you prefer not to receive these event and information updates, you will have the opportunity to opt out on the webpage you are visiting.
Security:
We want you to feel completely secure when giving or making purchases on our website. In order to protect your personal information and protect against unauthorized access, all online transactions are done through a secure site and processed in compliance with today’s industry standards for data security. We undergo stringent security certification and process all transactions via a leading payment gateway provider.
Online Giving:
All donations made through online giving are considered final and non-refundable, unless unauthorized use of your credit card can be proven. If you become aware that your credit card has been lost, stolen or is being used fraudulently, it is your responsibility to report the issue to your financial institution.
Sign-in information:
This is optional. It is there only for your convenience to speed up check out from the store or for donations. It is possible to purchase and make donations without signing in or creating an account.
Sharing information:
No contact information entered on our website is ever sold or leased to third parties. We respect your privacy and therefore do not share your personal information with other institutions; however we do reserve the right to share your personal information if and when it is deemed necessary in order to comply with any particular government law or request, detect, prevent, or respond to fraud, security, or technical issues, or protect against imminent harm to the rights, property, or safety of Miracle Channel and/or it entities, its users, or the public at large as required and permitted by law.
Cookie/Tracking:
Our site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the feature offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system tracking the number of visitors to our sites and understanding the number of visitors we have. Cookies can also help us customize our site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies or other tracking technology; however if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information.