http://mirikacornelius.com/privacy-policy
Mirika Mayo Cornelius, Officially
Home
BOOKSTORE
READ TO FREEDOM SHOP
BIO
THE GABRIEL’S TRAILS BOOK SERIES
CYAN DEANE BOOKS
CONTACT
Privacy Policy
Books & Entrepreneurship
Exclusives
The Tea
Subscribe
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
Google Adsense and the DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google, as a third party advertisement vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. The use of DART cookies by Google enables them to serve adverts to visitors that are based on their visits to this website as well as other sites on the internet.
To opt out of the DART cookies you may visit the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following url http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html Tracking of users through the DART cookie mechanisms are subject to Google’s own privacy policies.
Other Third Party ad servers or ad networks may also use cookies to track users activities on this website to measure advertisement effectiveness and other reasons that will be provided in their own privacy policies, Mirika Mayo Cornelius, Officially has no access or control over these cookies that may be used by third party advertisers.
Collection of Personal Information
When visiting Mirika Mayo Cornelius, Officially, the IP address used to access the site will be logged along with the dates and times of access. This information is purely used to analyze trends, administer the site, track users movement and gather broad demographic information for internal use. Most importantly, any recorded IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Links to third party Websites
We have included links on this site for your use and reference. We are not responsible for the privacy policies on these websites. You should be aware that the privacy policies of these sites may differ from our own.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
The contents of this statement may be altered at any time, at our discretion.
If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of Mirika Mayo Cornelius, Officially then you may contact us at mirika@mirikacornelius.com
This policy was generated by Easy Privacy Policy Plugin for WordPress.
Last updated Sat, 03 Sep 2011 02:49
Become a Patron!
**MIRIKA C READER BOOK REVIEWS**
Real truth This was a Good short story. The message was clear that all stories don't have happy endings.
-- Dewynn R. on Disguised by a Raging Smile
"This type of storyline you dont find too often.... Kudos to the author" -- SuperStar on Colored Lily: Poppa Took My Innocence
"This was another awesome book.
This author is very talented." -- Ramona
on Colored Lily: Poppa Took My Innocence
"Curse the Cotton More, more, and more. Couldn't put it down and it was hard when it ended. Need more books like this. Another great book by this author. Exceptional " --- K Preyer on CURSE THE COTTON
"I am hooked and cannot wait till Book 4 Drops!!!! JUST CLICK AND BUY!!! YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!!"-- ChrissyinPA. on Murders at Gabriel's Trails
"It is a book that all women in a committed relationship should read." -- Tonette Moore on Ain't Quite What I Thought!
"a heart-wrenching story...the author cleverly speaks ...great presence to main character" -- Anna Bowman of Florence Morning News on SECRET
...I could not wait for the next day to come so that I could ... get back to the last 40 pages of the book...Mirika took an every day situation of a man cheating on his wife to create one of those what if scenarios that you usually just see in the movies...
the art to capturing and holding her reader's attention.-- A. Shaw on FIRST DEGREE SINS
"...this story catches you and keep you hooked to the very end" - Carol on MOST WANTED FELON
"I really enjoyed this. I am a huge fan of horror and suspense and always looking for Black horror fiction. This story kept me intrigued and it had quite a few surprises. I LOVED the ending. I won't reveal it here, but trust me it's not expected. I am a new fan of Mirika Mayo Cornelius; I've enjoyed her "Secret" series, and now this." - SistaSoul on INSIDE THE GATES OF DOONS
Shop Mirika C Book Accessories and Apparel
Links Rod Cornelius, author
Akirim Press
mirika@mirikacornelius.com
Get smart with the Thesis WordPress Theme from DIYthemes.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Please wait...
Subscribe to my Email List!
Want to be notified on updates from author Mirika, upcoming releases, and more? Enter your email address and name below to be among the first to know.
I agree to Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
SIGN UP FOR UPDATES NOW!