https://motorvu.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Coleman’s Motor Vu Drive-in and Swap Meet has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: Coleman’s Motor Vu Drive-In and Swap Meet.
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site.
Contact Us Form
Our site’s Contact Us form requires visitors to give us contact information (like their name, email, and postal address).
Contact information from the Contact Us form is used to contact users when requested or send information about our company. The customer’s contact information is also used to get in touch with the customer when necessary.
Information provided to us is not shared, sold, leased or rented to any individual or company.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Monthly Email Newsletter
If our site has a Monthly Email Newsletter in the future, it will required registration of visitor’s contact information (like email address).
Contact information from the registration forms is used to contact users when requested or send information about our company. The customer’s contact information is also used to get in touch with the customer when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Contests
If our site runs contests in the future, it will ask visitors for contact information (like email address).
Contact information from the registration forms is used to contact users when requested or send information about our company. The customer’s contact information is also used to get in touch with the customer when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. Coleman’s Motor Vu Drive-In and Swap Meet is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving promotional/marketing information from us.
You can email us and request to not receive promotional/marketing information from us.
You can be removed from the Monthly Email Newsletter by clicking on the URL at the bottom of each Monthly Email Newsletter received from the list or email us and request to stop receiving the Monthly Email Newsletter.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, please send us an email.
Home
Drive-In
Now Playing
Buy Tickets
Movies Coming Soon
Admission & Hours
About Motor-Vu Drive-In
Rules and Information
Snack Bar
COVID-19 Rules
Covid-19 Drive-In Rules
Covid-19 Swap Meet Rules
Swap Meet
Hours & Prices
Daily Seller Information
Monthly Swap Meet Display Rental Shops
Rules and Information
Photo Gallery
Swap Meet Facebook Page
About
Coupons
News
Press & Events
FAQ’s
Location
NOW HIRING
Coupons
Rules
FAQs
Contact
Login
Newsletter Signup
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?