http://mov.ie/docs/?doc=privacy
smart surf the movies
Search:
Browse:
Home New Movies Movie Index About Us Documents
Price List
Privacy Policy
Search Rules
Terms and Conditions of Supply
Terms and Conditions of Use
Email:
Sales Mov.ie Webmaster
Mov.ie Website Privacy Policy
Movies On Line Limited, t/a Mov.ie is committed to protecting the privacy
of users of this website.
We are aware that as a user of this website you care
about the security and privacy of your information.
As you use this website information is received and stored by us. This
information is used to enable us to improve the website and to enable
us to respond to your requests.
This website does not use cookies apart from temporary
"session" cookies which enable a users web browser to remember
which page on this website it has already visited.
Users can use this
website with no loss of functionality if cookies are disabled from the web
browser.
Technical details in connection with visits to this website are logged
by our internet service provider for statistical purposes.
No information
is collected that could be used by us to identify website visitors.
The
technical details logged are confined to the following items:
The IP address of the users webserver
The top level domain name used (for example .ie, .com, .net, .biz)
The previous website address from which the user reached us,
including any search criteria used.
Click screen data which shows the traffic of users around this
website (for example pages accessed and documents downloaded).
The type of web browser used by the website user.
Mov.ie will make no attempt to identify individual visitors, or to
associate any technical details listed above with any individual.
It is
the policy of Mov.ie never to disclose such technical information in
respect of individual website visitors to any third party apart from our
internet service provider.
This technical information will only be used by
Mov.ie for statistical and other administrative purposes.
We will take reasonable precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or
alteration of information you give us.
Agents or contractors of Mov.ie
who have access to information you give us in the course of providing
services to us are required to keep that information confidential and
are not permitted to use it for any purpose other than to carry out the
services which they are performing for us.
You should note that internet transmissions are never completely private or
secure.
You accept that any information or message you send to the
site may be intercepted or read by others. You hereby acknowledge and
accept that we have no responsibility and shall accept no liability
whatsoever for loss, injury or damage occasioned by the interception by
third parties of your transmissions, or the disclosure of information
including but not limited to credit card numbers by any party with whom
you transact, nor do we offer any guarantees, warranties or indemnities
as to the security or otherwise of any information which you give us.
Our website contains links to other websites not controlled or operated
by us.
Mov.ie is not responsible for the privacy policies of websites that
it does not control or operate.
If you have given us information about yourself and would like copies
of that information, or you would like us to correct any factual
inaccuracies in that information, or if you would like that information
deleted from our records, then please contact us at
dataprot@mov.ie.
We will use reasonable efforts to supply, correct or delete information
about you on our files.
We are entitled to charge you a fee for
supplying you with copies of information which we hold.
If you choose to visit this site and use this site, your visit and use
and any dispute arising therefrom in respect of privacy, is subject to
this Privacy Statement and our Terms and Conditions of use including
the limitations and the exclusions expressed and included therein.
This Privacy Statement will be the subject of change and the use of
information that we gather shall be subject to the privacy notice in
effect from time to time.
It shall be your responsibility to check our
website frequently to see recent changes.
Mov.ie Document: privacy: 1.4: 2002/01/16
Copyright Movies Online Ltd 2000-2002 - All rights reserved
Mov.ie™ is a TradeMark of Movies Online Ltd. Trading as Mov.ie
Copyright Movies Online Ltd 2000-2002 - All rights reserved
[Privacy Policy]
[Terms and Conditions of Use]