https://mrb.org.au/privacy-policy
Home
About Us
Join US
Past Events
Coming Up
Links
MRB Website Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other purposes which are consistent with the objects of the MRB, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our organisation in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Comments on this entry are closed.
Member's Area |
Administration |
Sitemap |
Privacy Policy |
Terms of Use
Copyright (c) 2009-2020 Melbourne Rainbow Band
ABN:40 050 086 883
Welcome Melbourne Rainbow Band
Log in
Username:
Password:
Remember Me
Lost your password?
Register For This Site
Username
E-mail
Please enter your password twice:Strength indicatorToo shortHint: Your password should be at least seven characters long. To make it stronger, use upper and lower case letters, numbers and symbols like ! " ? $ % ^ & ).Please enter your invitation code: A password will be e-mailed to you.
How to Join
In order to join the website and gain access to the members area, you will need to be a MRB member and an invite code. If you have not received a code, or if you are having any other problems, please contact the committee.
Log In Register
Close