https://mud2fire.com/cookie-policy
Skip to Main Content
Cookie Policy
Cookies (General Information)
Mud2fire.com’ website make use of cookies to save and retrieve information about your visit to our site. Cookies are small files of software which save and retrieve information about your visit to a website or application. They reside in your internet browser to help remember your preferences and previous activity. You can find more information about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu.
Cookies currently used on our site identify you as an anonymized number. We and our analytics provider use cookies and log files to analyze trends, administer the website, track users movements around the website, and gather demographic information about our user base. We may receive anonymized reports based on the use of these technologies by our Google Analytics on an aggregated basis. We also use this data to provide the site’s content, ensure the functionality of our information technology systems, and to optimize our website. The legal basis for this processing is Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR. The data of log files will be stored separately from your other personal data.
Users can control and refuse the use of cookies at the individual browser level. Cookies installed can be deleted. If you reject cookies, you may still use our website, but your ability to use some features or areas of our website may be limited.
Who we are
Our website address is: https://mud2fire.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
On our website we use several contact forms which can be used to get in contact with us electronically. To handle your request it is necessary to provide us with a valid email address, and, in addition, we store your IP address and the time of your request to prevent any misuse of our contact forms. Alternatively, you may contact us via the e-mail address
douglasthepotter@phonecoop.coop . The legal basis for this processing is Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR.
In some cases we may ask you for further information, such as name, address or telephone number. Regarding the processing of this personal data you will be asked to grant your explicit consent. The legal basis for this processing is Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Website Analytics
We use google analytics
Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google, Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, www.google.com (“Google Analytics” or “Google”). Google Analytics employs cookies that are stored to your computer in order to facilitate an analysis of your use of the site. The information generated by these cookies, such as time, place and frequency of your visits to our site, including your IP address, is transmitted to Google’s location in the US and stored there.
In using Google Analytics our website employs the extension “anonymizeIp”. In doing so, Google abbreviates and thereby anonymizes your IP address before transferring it from EU/EEA member states. Google uses this information to analyze your use of our site, to compile reports for us on internet activity and to provide other services relating to our website.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law or where such third parties process this data on Google’s behalf. Google states that it will in never associate your IP address with other data held by Google. You can prevent cookies from being installed by adjusting the settings on your browser software accordingly as noted elsewhere in this Privacy Policy. You should be aware, however, that by doing so you may not be able to make full use of all the functions of our website.
Google Analytics also offers a deactivation add-on for most current browsers that provides you with more control over what data Google can collect on websites you access. The add-on tells the JavaScript (ga.js) used by Google Analytics not to transmit any information about website visits to Google Analytics. However, the browser deactivation add-on offered by Google Analytics does not prevent information from being transmitted to us or to other web analysis services we may engage.
Google Analytics also uses electronic images known as web beacons (sometimes called single pixel gifs) and are used along with cookies to compile aggregated statistics to analyze how our site is used.
You can find additional information on how to install the browser add-on referenced above at the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
For the cases in which personal data is transferred to the US, Google has self-certified pursuant to the EU-US Privacy Shield (https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework).
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
Any contact information provided will only be used for the sole purpose of replying to your queries regarding workshops and courses.
How we protect your data
More information can be found on our Data Protection page.