http://multimilmanagement.com/privacy.html
Home
Home ALL CD'sHouse/Club ClassicsHip Hop/R&BReggae/ReggaetonStorePhotosEventsBioMedia/PressContact FACEBOOK
TWITTER INSTAGRAM *Chill X Radio*
Privacy Policy
We created this general audience website to be entertaining and informational for our visitors. Safeguarding your privacy is very important to us. We take seriously the collection of any personal information such as your name, home and e-mail addresses, telephone number, birth date and gender ("personal information") from our visitors and are committed to protecting each visitor's privacy in accordance with these policies. We use the term "visitors" to include both registered members of the DJCHILLX.com website and any other person that accesses our website at any point for any amount of time, unless designated otherwise. Please carefully review our information collection practices and privacy protections below. This Privacy Policy applies solely to our DJCHILLX.com website.
Who We Are And How To Reach Us This website is operated by DJ CHILL X LLC. And DJ Chill X LLC. is the only operator of this website. You may contact us directly if you have any questions regarding the content and material on this website or if you have any questions about our privacy policies. Please contact us at:
DJ CHILL X LLC.244 5th Ave. Suite N237NY, NY 10001Attention: DJ CHILL X LLC. Privacy CoordinatorDJChillX@DJChillX.com
We created this general audience website to be entertaining and informational for our visitors. Safeguarding your privacy is very important to us. We take seriously the collection of any personal information such as your name, home and e-mail addresses, telephone number, birth date and gender ("personal information") from our visitors and are committed to protecting each visitor's privacy in accordance with these policies. We use the term "visitors" to include both registered members of the DJCHILLX.com website and any other person that accesses our website at any point for any amount of time, unless designated otherwise. Please carefully review our information collection practices and privacy protections below. This Privacy Policy applies solely to our DJCHILLX.com website.
Upon receipt of any communication from DJCHILLX.com, to unsubscribe from future communications, you can click on the link that says “If you do not wish to receive these emails in the future, You can click here to unsubscribe.”
What information does DJCHILLX.com collect?Some functions, as well as some areas of DJChillX.com, require users to register before they can use or access a particular area of the site (which may be necessary for identification, security, or marketing purposes, etc.). DJChillX.com’s registration, online surveys, contest entry forms, specialized services, and product order forms may call for users to provide personally identifiable information, financial information (like their bank account or credit card numbers), and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). Additionally, DJChillX.com’s registration process requires users to choose a user ID and password. Users may change his or her password, as well as any personally identifiable information provided to us to keep his or her registration information current. We use the standard “cookie” feature of major browser applications to allow us to store data about your visit (such data is stored in the aggregate form). Cookies help us learn which areas of our site are useful and which areas need improvement. We also may use cookies to track visits to and business at stores on DJChillX.com, to process the items in your shopping basket, and to track your progress and number of entries in some of our promotions, sweepstakes, and contests. Advertising networks that serve ads onto DJChillX.com may also use their own cookies.
DJChillX.com may also gather anonymous information, which may be used by us or shared with third parties. This is information which does not personally identify you, but which may be helpful for marketing purposes or for improving the services we offer. For example, we might tell our advertisers how many users visited a particular advertisement, and how long, so they can measure whether the ad worked. This information is also used to generate advertising rates. Generally this information is collected through “traffic data” and may entail the use of numeric codes used to identify a computer.
What does DJChillX.com do with collected information?DJChillX.com’s primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide the user, with a customized experience on our site. This includes personalization services, interactive communications, online shopping, and many other types of services, most of which are completely free to our users. In order to provide services free of charge, we display advertisements. By knowing a little about users, DJChillX.com is able to deliver more relevant advertisements and content, and hence better service, to our users.
In our role of delivering targeted advertisements, DJChillX.com plays the middleman. Advertisers give us an advertisement and tell us the type of audience they want to reach (for example, males over 35 years old). DJChillX.com takes the advertisement and displays it to users meeting those criteria. This kind of advertisement targeting is done with banner ads as well as promotional emails.
We use personally identifiable information from our online registration, surveys, contests, specialized services, and order forms for our own internal evaluation and tracking purposes and to send our users information from our company (e.g., site announcements, newsletters, and message notifications) and promotional material from some of our business partners (or from other companies). If you supply such personally identifiable information, it may also be used to contact you about products and services in which you have indicated an interest, and may be shared with our third party advertisers, business partners, or other companies who may want to contact you, if you have provided your consent through an “opt in” ( in which case their use of your personally identifiable information is subject to such third party’s privacy policy). Additionally, you may opt out of receiving future mailings by using the “opt out” procedures described below – see the Choice/Opt-Out section below.We may use cookies in a number of ways, including keeping track of user return visits to DJChillX.com or our advertisers’ or business partners’websites; accumulating and reporting aggregate, statistical information in connection with DJChillX.com user visits; and to deliver to our users content specific to their interests; to save users ID, passwords, or other information so users don’t have to re-enter it each time they visit our site.
Advertisements displayed on DJChillX.com, and links to other websites may also contain cookies. We may also use third parties to display or serve advertising on DJChillX.com and to distribute our emails or newsletters. These third party companies may employ cookie and other technologies to measure advertising effectiveness. You should be aware that different rules may apply to the collection, or use of the personally identifiable information you disclosure to these third parties.
As always, we only authorize our third party ad serving companies to employ anonymous cookies for ad delivery and anonymous targeting. Additionally, we do not give our third party ad serving companies any personally identifying information about you.
DJChillX.com’s privacy policy covers the use of cookies by DJChillX.com only and does not cover the use of cookies by our third party ad serving companies, such as 24/7 Real Media.DJChillX.com may use users IP address (the number assigned to your computer while it is on the Internet) for our internal purposes to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our site. If users shop on DJChillX.com, their IP address is used to help identify their computer and their online “shopping cart” (if any) and to gather broad demographic information. In addition, your IP address is transmitted with each message sent from your account.
Demographic and profile data from online forms or cookies may be used to tailor your experience at our site, showing you content that we think you might be interested in, and displaying the content according to your preferences. This information may be shared with our third party advertisers, business partners, or other companies only on an aggregate basis, unless you expressly agree through an opt-in that personally identifiable information about you may be disclosed.
If you submit financial information it may be used to check your qualifications and to bill you for products and services. You may choose to submit unique identifiers (such as social security numbers) in order to allow us to verify your identity and for use as account numbers in our record system.
We may also store communicative information including, without limitation, instant messages and email messages for the purpose of delivering and, if needed, monitoring communications.
Disclosure to Third Parties.DJChillX.com may disclose user’s personally identifiable information to third parties (i) when we have his or her consent (through an "opt in"), in which case their use of a user’s information is subject to such third party’s own privacy policy; (ii) when users use co-branded services on DJChillX.com and provide any personally identifiable information to any of our third party co-branded business partners (where users are consenting to provide this information to such co-branding partner). Additionally, such third party’s use of a user’s information is subject to such third party’s own privacy policy; (iii) when we have retained companies to work with or on behalf of DJChillX.com to provide products, goods or services that users have requested; (iv) if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a legal process served on DJChillX.com or its parent company, subsidiaries or affiliate by a governmental agency, court or other entity (e.g., to respond to subpoenas, court orders or other legal process); (v) if we believe a user’s actions violate any law, regulation, our “Terms of Service” or any of our guidelines for promotions, product offerings or any other features of DJChillX.com, or if a user threatens the rights, property or safety of DJChillX.com, its advertisers, other users, or any other party; (vi) as and when we, in our sole discretion, and in the good-faith belief believe that such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to investigate or resolve possible problems or inquiries, to protect our business and assets, to defend our interests, rights or property of DJChillX.com, and/or to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations; or (vii) in the event of a bankruptcy, or a merger, acquisition, joint venture or other business combination involving DJChillX.com. Also, personally identifiable information you provide to DJChillX.com may be stored outside of the country in which you reside.
Public Forums.DJChillX.com makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, personal web pages and/or news groups available to its users and, in certain cases, information contained in anonymous user profiles may be displayed on and shared with affiliated websites. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.Security.
DJChillX.com has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Any time we ask for a credit card number we transmit that credit card number in an encrypted format. We use industry-standard, SSL (secure socket layer) encryption. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, DJChillX.com cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.
Children.DJChillX.com is a general audience site. We do not direct any of our content specifically at children under thirteen (13) years of age, and we do not collect any personally identifiable information from anyone under 13 years of age.
Choice/Opt-Out.DJChillX.com gives you (or your parent(s) if you are under 18 years of age) the following options for removing your personal information from our database in order to stop receiving future communications from DJChillX.com.1. You can send email to: DJChillX@DJChillX.com.2. You can send mail to the above address:3. Upon receipt of any communication from DJChillX.com, to unsubscribe from future communications, you can click on the link that says “If you do not wish to receive these emails in the future, You can click here to unsubscribe.”Please note: DJChillX.com is not responsible for removing information from third-party lists or entities with which you have previously authorized us to share your information.)Additionally, you may opt-out of sharing your information with third-party lists or entities by either clearing the appropriate checkboxes at the point of initial collection or by following the procedures of third-party lists or entities.
Copyright Multimillion Dollar Entertainment & Artist Booking 2021
free hit counters...
T-Shirts