https://musicwithasmile.com/cookie-policy/
Skip to content
Cookie Policy
Last updated: April 16, 2020
This Cookies Policy explains what Cookies are and how We use them. You should read this policy so You can understand what type of cookies We use, or the information We collect using Cookies and how that information is used.
Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about You may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from Cookies. For further information on how We use, store and keep your personal data secure, see our Privacy Policy.
We do not store sensitive personal information, such as mailing addresses, account passwords, etc. in the Cookies We use.
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions.
The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
Definitions
For the purposes of this Cookies Policy:
Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Cookies Policy) refers to Music With A Smile Productions, LLC, Lenexa, Kansas.
You means the individual accessing or using the Website, or a company, or any legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Website, as applicable.
Cookies means small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing details of your browsing history on that website among its many uses.
Website refers to Music With A Smile, accessible from https://musicwithasmile.com.
The use of the Cookies
Type of Cookies We Use
Cookies can be "Persistent" or "Session" Cookies. Persistent Cookies remain on your personal computer or mobile device when You go offline, while Session Cookies are deleted as soon as You close your web browser.
We use both session and persistent Cookies for the purposes set out below:
Necessary / Essential CookiesType: Session CookiesAdministered by: UsPurpose: These Cookies are essential to provide You with services available through the Website and to enable You to use some of its features. They help to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts. Without these Cookies, the services that You have asked for cannot be provided, and We only use these Cookies to provide You with those services.
Cookies Policy / Notice Acceptance CookiesType: Persistent CookiesAdministered by: UsPurpose: These Cookies identify if users have accepted the use of cookies on the Website.
Functionality CookiesType: Persistent CookiesAdministered by: UsPurpose: These Cookies allow us to remember choices You make when You use the Website, such as remembering your login details or language preference. The purpose of these Cookies is to provide You with a more personal experience and to avoid You having to re-enter your preferences every time You use the Website.
Tracking and Performance CookiesType: Persistent CookiesAdministered by: Third-PartiesPurpose: These Cookies are used to track information about traffic to the Website and how users use the Website. The information gathered via these Cookies may directly or indirectly identify you as an individual visitor. This is because the information collected is typically linked to a pseudonymous identifier associated with the device you use to access the Website. We may also use these Cookies to test new advertisements, pages, features or new functionality of the Website to see how our users react to them.
Targeting and Advertising CookiesType: Persistent CookiesAdministered by: Third-PartiesPurpose: These Cookies track your browsing habits to enable Us to show advertising which is more likely to be of interest to You. These Cookies use information about your browsing history to group You with other users who have similar interests. Based on that information, and with Our permission, third party advertisers can place Cookies to enable them to show adverts which We think will be relevant to your interests while You are on third party websites.
Your Choices Regarding Cookies
If You prefer to avoid the use of Cookies on the Website, first You must disable the use of Cookies in your browser and then delete the Cookies saved in your browser associated with this website. You may use this option for preventing the use of Cookies at any time.
If You do not accept Our Cookies, You may experience some inconvenience in your use of the Website and some features may not function properly.
If You'd like to delete Cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse Cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser.
For the Chrome web browser, please visit this page from Google: https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/32050
For the Internet Explorer web browser, please visit this page from Microsoft: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/278835
For the Firefox web browser, please visit this page from Mozilla: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/delete-cookies-remove-info-websites-stored
For the Safari web browser, please visit this page from Apple: https://support.apple.com/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/mac
For any other web browser, please visit your web browser's official web pages.
More Information about Cookies
You can learn more about cookies: All About Cookies article.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Cookie Policy, You can contact us:
By email: janec@musicwithasmile.com
By visiting this page on our website: https://musicwithasmile.com/contact-booking/
This website and its third parties use cookies. You agree to the use of cookies by closing or dismissing this banner, by scrolling this page, or by continuing to browse. View our Cookie Policy. ACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Scroll To Top