https://musikraft.com/terms-conditions/
Home / Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
The terms, policies and conditions (collectively known as “Conditions”) described below govern the use of this site (referred to as “Musikraft” or “site”). Your use and/or placement of any order indicate your acceptance of these Conditions. Musikraft of NJ.Copyright and Trademark Notice: Unless otherwise specified, all materials appearing on this site, including the text, site design, logos, graphics, icons, and images, as well as the selection, assembly and arrangement thereof, are the sole property of Musikraft, Copyright © 2006, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. You may use the content of this site only for the purpose of shopping on this site or placing an order on this site and for no other purpose. No materials from this site may be copied, reproduced, modified, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any form or any means without our prior written permission. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. Any unauthorized use of the materials appearing on this site may violate copyright, trademark and other applicable laws and could result in criminal or civil penalties.Credit Cards: We accept the following credit cards: Visa, MasterCard, Amex and Discover. There is no surcharge for using your credit card to make purchases. Please be sure to provide your exact billing address and telephone number (i.e. the address and phone number your credit card bank has on file for you). Incorrect information will cause a delay in processing your order. All custom orders are billed when the order is placed.Links: This site may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. You acknowledge that we’re not responsible for the operation of or content located on or through any such site.Money Orders, Cashier’s Checks, Company Checks, & Personal Checks: We accept money orders, cashier’s checks, personal checks, and company checks in U.S. Dollars only. Orders are processed upon receipt of a money order or cashier’s check. For personal and company checks, please allow up to 10 banking days after receipt for clearance of funds before the order is processed. We will charge a $25 fee on all returned checks.Multiple Product Orders: For a multiple product order, we will make every attempt to ship all products contained in the order at the same time. Products that are unavailable at the time of shipping will be shipped as they become available, unless you inform us otherwise. You will only be charged for products contained in a given shipment, plus any applicable shipping charges. You will only be charged for shipping at the rate quoted to you on your purchase receipt. The entirety of this shipping charge may be applied to the first product(s) shipped on a multiple shipment order.Order Acceptance Policy: Your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. Musikraft reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason or to supply less than the quantity you ordered of any item.Other Conditions: These Conditions will supersede any terms and/or conditions you include with any purchase order, regardless of whether Musikraft signs them or not. We reserve the right to make changes to this site and these Conditions at any time.Privacy: We keep your personal information private and secure. When you make a purchase from our site, you provide your name, email address, credit card information, address, phone number, and a password. We use this information to process your orders, to keep you updated on your orders and to personalize your shopping experience.Our secure servers protect your information using advanced encryption techniques and firewall technology.To keep you informed about our latest offers, we may notify you of current promotions, specials and new additions to the Musikraft.We use “cookies” to keep track of your current shopping session to personalize your experience and so that you may retrieve your shopping cart at any time.Privacy on Other Web Sites: Other sites accessible through our site have their own privacy policies and data collection practices. Please consult each site’s privacy policy. Our Store is not responsible for the actions of third parties.