http://mwldan.co.uk/about-us/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Languages
English
Cymraeg
LOGIN
Main menu
Mwldan
What's On
OTHER VOICES
Touring + Productions
Venue hire
About Us
Mwldan
You are hereHome » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Theatr Mwldan is committed to protecting your privacy and ensuring all of your personal information is safe and secure. This privacy policy outlines how we will use, maintain and disclose data collected from users of our website. YOUR DATAOur online Box Office is managed using Ticketsolve, and payments are processed through Realex. All orders – including those made by telephone or in person – will be processed through these systems. You have the right to opt out of any communications, or to ask that your details be removed from any or all of our databases, at any time – please click the link in any email, call us, or email boxoffice@mwldan.co.uk to update your preferences.Realex Payments are a highly trusted online payment card processor, accredited with the Account Information Security certification by VISA and compliant with Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard Version 3.22, the highest level of compliance. We do not store your bank details on our system.If you sign up to our email list, your details will also be held on MailChimp which is integrated with the Ticketsolve system. THIRD PARTY CONSENTWe will never sell any part of your data, nor pass it on to any third party, artist or promoter. We may, very occasionally, contact you ourselves to let you know about events by other promoters which we think you might enjoy. THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT We may collect, store and use the following types of personal data:– Information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website, such as your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and number of page views. Please note that this information does not identify any individual user.– Details of any transactions you have made when booking tickets.– Information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us.– Information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website services, email notifications and/or newsletters.– Any other information that you choose to send to us. HOW WE WILL USE THIS INFORMATIONWe may use your information to contact you about further events and services that you have requested. We may also contact you regarding events and services which we think may be interest to you, but only if you choose to allow us to do this when providing us with your details. If you no longer wish for us to use your information in this way, please contact us. SENSITIVE INFORMATION  Data Protection law recognises that certain categories of personal information are more sensitive such as health information, race, religious beliefs and political opinions. We do not collect this type of information without your consent. For example, we record your request for an accessible seat along with any reasons you provide for the request. We will only use this information in order to facilitate your visit or otherwise accommodate your needs and it will not form part of any of the other processing described in this policy. COOKIESWe use cookies on this website. A cookie is a text file sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The text file is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.We may send a cookie which may be stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. We may use the information we obtain from the cookie in the administration of this website, to improve the website’s usability and for marketing purposes. We may also use that information to recognise your computer when you visit our website, and to personalise our website for you.Cookies are necessary to the process of booking your tickets through our website, using the Ticketsolve system, however they are only temporary. Other temporary cookies present on our website are there to ensure that website content is displayed correctly, and will disappear when your user session has ended. We cannot be responsible for cookies relating to third-party features such as Facebook, Twitter, Google etc.We may use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google’s privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html. DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATIONThe transmission of information over the internet is not completely secure. We will do our best to protect your personal data, but we cannot guarantee the security of the data transmitted to this site and any transmission is at your own risk. Please be aware that Theatr Mwldan may be obliged to give information to the relevant authorities if required to by law, in which case we will comply with judicial proceedings. UNSUBSCRIBINGIf at any time you wish to unsubscribe from our emails, or to change and update your personal information, please contact us directly or use the links at the bottom of the email to unsubscribe. WHO SHOULD I CONTACT IF I HAVE CONCERNS OR COMPLAINTS?In the first instance please contact us using the contact details at the bottom of this page.  If you are not happy with our response, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority, The Information Commissioner’s Office – www.ico.org.uk. WHAT HAPPENS WHEN I FOLLOW LINKS FROM THEATR MWLDANS' WEBSITE?If you follow links to other websites from our website your data will be subject to the privacy policies of those sites. You should refer to these policies before providing your data. Theatr Mwldan has no control over the content of other websites PRIVACY POLICY AMENDSWe may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page regularly to ensure you are happy with any changes. We may also notify you of changes to our privacy policy by email. UPDATED MARCH 2018
Search form
Search
About Us
About Us
Accessibility
Hynt Accessibility Scheme
Our Green Credentials
Contact Us
Our Team
Directions
Opening Hours
Our Vision
Our Complaints Procedure
Ticket Information
Our House Rules
SUPPORT US
Film Certificate Guidance
Volunteering and Work Experience
Work with us
Shop
Community Groups
Our Funders
Audience Survey - COVID-19
Privacy Policy
Want to book? Call 01239 621200 or
Select ShowAndy Parsons: Healing The NationCatrin Finch & Seckou KeitaCatrin Finch & Seckou Keita @ Y TABERNACL, MACHYNLLETHExhibition On Screen: Easter In ArtJamie Smith's MABON: Taith 'The Last Huzzah' TourKiki Dee & Carmelo Luggeri: An Acoustic JourneyLOST IN MUSIC: One Night at The DiscoLost Voice Guy: Cerebral LOL-syRadio GA GA: Celebrating The Champions of RockThe Fureys
P
Get social with us on
Footer Menu
Return to our homepage
Ticket Information
Directions
Accommodation
Contact Us
Order a brochure
Privacy Policy
Receive our e-newsletter
View Brochure Online
Designed by Hoffi and built with Drupal.