http://myhomefoundry.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main contentYou are here: Home / Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
Who we are:
Our website address is: http://myhomefoundry.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on this site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website. (We do not allow uploading of outside Images) you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites which behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with.
Please understand we do not share your data or contact details with anyone. Period. We respect your right to privacy.
How long we retain your data.
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if allowed), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All individual users can see, edit, or delete their own personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrator/s can also see and edit that information if required.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information;
Please note that we only collect your first name and email address.
By law we are supposed to have all of the above on our web site, so here it is to read if you can be bothered. In reality, we collect very little data about users/visitors to this web site, our main aim is to help you enjoy success with your hobby foundry work, nothing more, if you can put up with all the PC and BS policies that are sweeping the world then welcome, and enjoy the browse around our web site.