http://nabba.org/nabba-privacy-policy
NABBA Privacy Policy
This privacy policy will advise you about the North American Brass Band Association, Inc. (NABBA) guidelines concerning the use of your personal information, including the reasonable efforts we make to protect your personal information in accordance with these guidelines, and about what choices you have concerning our use of such information. Please read this policy carefully.
A. PRIVACY
We keep your private information private by:
Not selling your information. You have entrusted the North American Brass Band Association, Inc. (known as “NABBA”) with your personal information, and we are committed to using it wisely. NABBA will not sell, share, or otherwise transfer your personal information to anyone without your consent.
Restricting who has access to your information. NABBA takes reasonable precautions to restrict access to your account and personal information only by authorized individuals to have such access for NABBA purposes. If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please contact us at operations@nabba.org.
Please refer to this policy regularly. NABBA may need to change this policy from time to time to address new issues and reflect changes on our website, social media platforms, or within our databases we use.
Scope of Privacy Policy
This policy applies to the personal information that you provide to NABBA, either through our websites, mobile application, social media platforms, databases, or in person at NABBA events. This policy does not apply to your use of unaffiliated sites to which our websites link.
Collection of Personally Identifiable Information (PII)
NABBA collects personally identifiable information (PII) from you when you voluntarily submit such information to us. The collection of PII may occur in person or on a website or mobile application operated, provided, or otherwise controlled by NABBA. This information may include your name, home address, email address, telephone number, date of birth, demographic information, membership status, and other information that we may need to collect in connection with certain events, including but not limited to:
registration for, or participation in, competitions, events, classes, contests, concerts, and other activities or programs offered by NABBA;
participation in NABBA Membership
registration for surveys, forums, content submissions, chats, bulletin boards, discussion groups, requests for suggestions, or other services or activities offered on our website and social media platforms;
answering your inquiries about our websites, organization, membership, or other services or activities;
registration as a member of NABBA.
Collection of Photographs
NABBA may also collect your photograph for identifying you as a member, volunteer or program participant. NABBA periodically takes pictures and video of NABBA members and persons participating in NABBA programs to use for promotional purposes and programming materials including social media and the NABBA website.
Use and Disclosure of PII
If you do provide us with PII, NABBA may contact you based on the information you provide to communicate with you about NABBA activities that may be of interest to you.NABBA will use its best efforts to never disclose any PII about you to any third-party for purposes unrelated to NABBA without having received your permission except as provided for herein or otherwise as permitted or required under applicable law.We do not rent or sell PII, including information provided about children, to third parties. NABBA may share PII with trusted service providers, such as payment processors, technology partners, registered vendors offering benefits to NABBA members, or other providers that need access to your information to provide operational or other support services while you are a NABBA member or program participant.We may also provide PII to regulatory authorities and law enforcement officials in accordance with applicable law or when we otherwise believe in good faith that the provision of such information is required or permitted by law, such as in connection with the investigation or assertion of legal defenses, or for compliance matters.
Collection of Payment Transaction Information
When you make a payment or donation, we collect information to process the financial transaction and may use that information to contact you in the future about NABBA and its programs. Your payment information is transmitted to us, using a secure Internet method that helps maintain the privacy of this information. During the time your payment information resides on our computers, it is in an encrypted format and can only be accessed by authorized personnel with a decryption key.
Collection of Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We collect non-personally identifiable information without limitation, using the following types of methodology:
“Cookie” technology: A cookie is an element of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system to help enhance your experience in using our sites and to provide us with technical information about your usage.
IP address tracking: An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer when you are on the Internet. When you request pages from our Sites, our servers log your IP address.
Web beacons: A web beacon, or “clear gif,” is a small graphic image on a webpage or web-based document that a website can use to determine information about a user.
Non-personally identifiable information might include the browser you use, the type of computer you use, technical information about your means of connection to our website (such as the operating systems and the Internet service providers utilized), and other similar information. Our systems may also automatically gather information about the areas you visit and search terms you utilize on our website and about the links you may select from within the sites to other areas of the World Wide Web or elsewhere online.
Use of Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We use non-personally identifiable information for our purposes related to running NABBA and our programs, and, in particular, to administering websites, and, in the aggregate, to determine what technologies are being used. We may also share aggregate, non- personally identifiable information with third-parties.
Collection of Sensitive Information
Where necessary, NABBA may collect certain sensitive information from you, including and not limited to:
payment card or bank account information to process fees or donations;
Access to sensitive information is restricted to those individuals who have a legitimate need for access. We will not use or disclose your information to third parties unless such disclosure is necessary to accomplish the purpose for which the information is collected.
Privacy of Children
We are mindful that young people need special safeguards and privacy protection. We realize that they may not understand all the provisions of our policy or be able to make thoughtful decisions about the choices that are made available to our adult users. We strongly urge all parents or legal guardians to participate in their children’s exploration of the Internet and any online services and to teach their children about protecting their personal information while online.If we ask for PII from children under 13 we will take additional steps to protect the privacy of such information, including
obtaining consent from the parent or legal guardian of the child before collecting orusing the child’s PII;
notifying parents about what PII is being requested and how that PII will be used and/or shared, such as through this policy;
limiting the collection of PII from children to no more than is reasonably necessary to accomplish the purpose of the collection; and
giving parents access to the PII we have collected from their children and offering them the opportunity to request that such PII be changed or deleted.
Links to Other Sites
Users may find other content on our website that link to the sites and services of other third parties. We do not control the content or links appearing on these sites. Third-party sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing and may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third-party sites or services before providing any of them with your personal information.
Choice/Opt-Out
If you opt-in to receive information from us, you can change your mind later. If at any time you would like to stop receiving such information, you may change your options by contacting us at operations@nabba.org. You should be aware, however, that it is not always possible to completely remove or modify information in our databases and servers. We will make reasonable efforts to do so upon your request, and we are unable to have your information removed from the records of any third-party who has been provided with your information in accordance with this policy.Personal Data Access and AccuracyYou may contact NABBA with inquiries or complaints regarding the use of information about you. We will use reasonable efforts to grant reasonable requests to access data about the requester. We will also make reasonable requests to correct any incorrect or misleading data about the requester.
B. SECURITY
NABBA takes appropriate administrative, technical, and physical measures to safeguard against unauthorized processing of personal information, and against the accidental loss of, or damage to, personal data. However, NABBA cannot provide an absolute guarantee of the security of any of our websites or any other site on the Internet.
Consent to Transfer
The NABBA website, social media platforms, mobile applications, and databases, are operated in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to NABBA will be transferred to the United States by using the website, participating in any NABBA services, and/or providing us with your information, you consent to this transfer.
California Privacy Rights
The California “Shine the Light” law permits California residents to annually request and obtain information free of charge about what personal information is disclosed to third parties for direct-marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. NABBA does not distribute your personal information to outside parties for their direct marketing without your consent.
Updating your Personal Information
You can update your personal information by emailing us at operations@nabba.org, updating online directly through your NABBA membership account login, or via a written request mailed to NABBA, PO Box 451157, Omaha, NE 68145. Please do not send Social Security numbers or other sensitive information to us via unencrypted email.
C. MOBILE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Cost to Participate – Although the NABBA’s Mobile Application is complimentary and requires no purchase or fee for participation, message and data rates may apply. Check your mobile plan for more details.Questions – You can contact us at operations@nabba.org. We can answer any questions you have about the program.Terms and Conditions – By participating in NABBA’s Mobile Application, you are agreeing to the terms and conditions presented here.
Posted 14 May 2020