https://nac-cna.ca/en/legal/privacy
Skip to Content
November 2020 update on live performances and events at the NAC.
Menu
National Arts Centre
Search
Search
Search
How the National Arts Centre's Policy Protects Your Privacy
The National Arts Centre (NAC) is strongly committed to being a leader and innovator in each of the performing arts fields in which it works just as it is committed to protecting the personal information you provide when you buy tickets to any of the NAC's performances, subscribe to a series of performances, subscribe to the NAC's various newsletters, enroll in its educational and outreach programs or make a donation.
Collection, Use and Disclosure
Collection
The personal information that you voluntarily provide to the National Arts Centre is protected under the provisions of Canada's Privacy Act. The NAC will only collect personal information which is related to its operating programs and activities. Depending on the nature of the transaction, the NAC may collect information such as your name, address (post and electronic), telephone number and payment information related to ticket purchases, subscriptions, donations, newsletters and information mailings. The NAC may also collect demographic information such as your date of birth, gender and language preference for marketing and fundraising purposes. The NAC may also collect information about your browsing activities on the websites of the NAC and the Foundation, in the manner and subject to the limits set out below.
Use
The NAC is committed to its relationship with its patrons and donors. As a patron and donor of the NAC, you can enjoy some of the following benefits,
savings on regular ticket prices,
seating priority,
discounts, or
front of line purchasing opportunities.
The personal information which the NAC collects about you as a patron or donor may be aggregated, used and analyzed in various ways to improve the NAC’s effective stewardship of its relationship with you. The NAC may also use your information to:
mail your tickets;
respond to your inquiries;
send you subscription renewal forms;
provide you with access to your on-line subscription account;
inform you of important changes to NAC performances;
provide you with our newsletters and brochures;
conduct financial transactions;
administer contests and promotions;
notify you of special events and performances;
solicit financial support and ticket purchases;
generate statistics.
The NAC may also use your personal information for other purposes as permitted under the Privacy Act and/or required by law. Subscribers' personal information is protected under the provisions of the Privacy Act and is stored in Personal Information Bank number: NAC PPU 010.
Disclosure
Your personal information is not shared, rented, exchanged or otherwise disclosed to any outside third party except where authorized and or required by law and as detailed in this Privacy Notice.
The National Arts Centre uses external services and suppliers to assist it in various functions such as financial and IT services, processing ticket transactions and data storage, processing and analytics. Through agreements with these partners and their commitment to protect your privacy, please know that your information is managed with the same level of sensitivity as applied by the NAC itself. A confidentiality clause that describes what type of information is being shared and for what purpose is incorporated in the contracts.
The NAC may use cloud-based services to store or process your information. Those services may transmit your information through or store your information on servers located in the United States of America (USA). When located in the USA, your information will be subject to the Federal and State laws applicable where the server in question is located.
National Arts Centre Foundation
As a registered charity, the NAC created the National Arts Centre Foundation as an independent legal entity to manage its fundraising, sponsorship and donor stewardship, allowing the Centre to continue concentrating on its artistic vision. It is with the contribution of donors and sponsors that the NAC continues to fulfill its vibrant national mission. Therefore, it is reasonable to expect that the Corporation will share information it collects from its patrons with the Foundation, such as information about ticket purchases, subscriptions and demographic and contact information, in order to:
thank donors and issue tax receipts;
invite donors, sponsors and subscribers to special events and functions;
provide assistance with ticket purchases, ticket exchanges and parking reservations;
provide donors with our newsletters and stewardship reports regarding their gift;
provide recognition in print materials;
solicit donations;
coordinate and steward the relationship between the NAC, the Foundation, and patrons; and
generate statistics.
The NAC may also receive information from the Foundation about donors, which may include such information as the date of the last donation, and the donation level.
Internet Usage Information
Software programs are used to monitor network traffic and to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. When you visit the NAC website, these software programs automatically receive and temporarily store information supplied by your browser (for example, browser type and operating system) in our webserver logs. Some of the information automatically collected by our servers when you browse our website includes:
the network location and the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the computer you used to contact the NAC website;
the name of the domain you used to access the Internet (.com, .org, .net, .ca, etc.);
the type of browser you used;
the type of operating system you used (Windows, Mac OS, etc.)
the date and time you accessed the site;
the pages you have accessed and the documents you have downloaded; and
the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site, if applicable.
The NAC also uses standard internet usage information obtained through technology in the following ways:
Determine whether NAC website visitors are correctly accessing online content and programs (e.g. educational resources and podcasts), and ensure they are delivered in both of Canada’s Official Languages;
Measure the effectiveness of NAC marketing campaigns by tracking the regional location of Web visitors (down to the level of city boundaries only) and information such as “click-through” and movement within the NAC website;
Conduct year-over-year market research analysis of NAC Web visitor engagement and online buying patterns and trends from one programming season to the next in order to attract more audience members to the NAC; and
Determine the types of devices used by NAC Web visitors and tailor content to their platforms.
Cookies
Cookies are used to track how our visitors use this site, to determine sites previously visited, to improve the provision of services to patrons, or to facilitate the use of secure portions of this site. A cookie is a file that may be placed on your hard drive without your knowledge by a website to monitor your use of the site. Cookies are compiled into statistical information on traffic patterns and are used to assess and improve the efficiency of the site.
We use two types of cookies:
Session cookies – These are used as an integral part of the identification process for some of our online applications. This is for security purposes to determine that you are who you say you are and to provide you with your confidential account information during an online session. No personal information is kept in session cookies and they are stored only in your browser's temporary (cache) memory. When you log out of your session, the cookie is no longer valid and is discarded when you close your browser.
Persistent cookies – These are more permanent and can be re-read when you return to the site that placed them on your computer. The information in them is written onto your hard drive and remains there until the expiry date of the cookie. They are used to identify and provide personalized features (for example, to help us remember which official language you prefer) and for tracking traffic patterns to and from our site as set out in more detail in the section titled Google Analytics, below.
In addition, we use cookies to learn about how patrons interact with the NAC website, as part of our overall effort to coordinate our relationship with our patrons and donors, and to personalize the services which we are able to offer. When you access the NAC’s website, or click through a link in an email sent by the NAC, the cookies which are created on your hard drive will be linked with your patron account with the NAC. The NAC will then be able to tailor the services and offers it provides you in consideration of your browsing activities on the website of the NAC and the NAC Foundation. These cookies are not used to track your browsing activities on any other website other than those of the NAC and the NAC Foundation.
Please note that this tracking is not mandatory, and you are free to opt-out of this tracking by disabling or blocking cookies while visiting the NAC website. You can also opt out by contacting the NAC’s Privacy Officer, at the address below, to indicate that you do not wish to receive tailored services or offers arising from web tracking.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics, a Web analytics service provided by Google Inc., helps to measure traffic patterns to, from, and within our public websites. This analytics measurement tool uses "session" and "persistent" cookies to collect standard Internet log information and to track visitor behaviour information in an anonymous form. Persistent cookies are stored on your computer and expire two years after your last visit to our websites. The information generated by the cookies about your use of the website (including your IP address, truncated to ensure your anonymity) is transmitted to Google. No personal, identifying information is recorded or provided to Google. This anonymous information is then used to evaluate visitors' use of the website and to compile statistical reports on Canada Site activity. The aggregate data and statistical reports are used only to help us make our site more useful to visitors and are made available only to Web managers and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties.
For further information about Google Analytics, please refer to Google Analytics Privacy Policy.
If you wish, you may opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics by disabling or refusing the cookies; by disabling JavaScript within your browser; or by using the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-On. Disabling Google Analytics or JavaScript will still permit you to access comparable information or services from our websites. However, if you disable your session cookie option, you will still be able to access our public website, but you might have difficulties accessing any secure services.
If you have never disabled the session cookie option, it should be enabled by default. To disable cookies or JavaScript, please refer to your vendor's browser instruction guide.
Protection of Children's Personal Information
Canada's National Arts Centre offers some of the most comprehensive and diverse programming for young artists and young audiences in the world. Through its educational and outreach programs the Centre inspires the young artistic enthusiasts of the country. The NAC will collect contact information on children over the age of 12 who participate in NAC programs, solely for identification purposes and to apprise them of other educational opportunities. Please note that a signature from the parent or guardian is required if the participant is under 18 years of age.
Your Choice - Your Rights
We are compliant with Canada’s Anti-Spam Legislation (CASL). Commercial Electronic Messages which are sent by the NAC and/or the NAC Foundation will be sent in accordance with the provisions of that legislation. If you are a subscriber to any of the NAC’s mailing lists, you may click here to manage your subscriptions.
If at any time you would like to access, correct or add to your personal information that we maintain, make a complaint regarding the management of your personal information or regarding our compliance with CASL, or be removed from any of our mailing or call centre lists for any of the NAC services, we encourage you to contact the Privacy Officer, at carl.martin@nac-cna.ca , at the National Arts Centre, who will address your concerns, complaints and questions.
Mailing address:
P.O. Box 1534, Station B, Ottawa, ON K1P 5W1
Telephone:
Carl Martin, 613-947-7000, ext. 560
or toll free at:
1-866-850-2787, ext 560
Facsimile:
613-996-9578
If we are unable to resolve a complaint regarding the management of your personal information in a satisfactory manner, you can contact the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada, at www.privcom.gc.ca.
Please note that this website provides links to other sites that are not covered by this privacy policy.
Contact Information
Carl Martin
NAC Access to Information and Privacy Coordinator
cmartin@nac-cna.ca
(613) 947-7000, ext. 560
National Arts Centre - Centre national des Arts
Upcoming Events
Plan your visit
Explore
NAC Orchestra
NAC English Theatre
NAC French Theatre
NAC Indigenous Theatre
NAC Dance
NAC Popular Music and Variety
National Creation Fund
Broadway
Events
Just announced
By date
By genre
For students
For families
For donors
Box Office
Gift cards
Programs
Classroom
Artist training
Workshops
Music Alive
Institute of Orchestral Studies
Share the Spirit
Podcasts
Projects
The Cycle
Life Reflected
NACO Tour
National Youth and Education Trust
Spaces
Plan your visit
1 Elgin restaurant
Equator Coffee
Venue rentals
Meetings & Events
Parking
Seating plans
Kipnes Lantern
Corporate
About the NAC
Inspiring stories
Publications & Reports
Media Zone
Careers
Contact us
Policies
Copyright
Privacy
Access to Information
NAC Foundation
Contact us
My Account
Français
Menu