https://nafme.org/about/press-room/nafme-policies/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
HomeNAfME History and LeadershipPress RoomNAfME PoliciesPrivacy Policy
The National Association for Music Education
Privacy Policy
The National Association for Music Education, Inc. (“NAfME,” “we” or “us”) is concerned about your privacy and the confidentiality of information shared with us, including through our website (the “Site’). Because we want visitors to the Site to know how we collect, use, share, and protect the information we collect, we have developed this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”).
This Privacy Policy applies to activities of NAfME and to persons visiting the Site, signing up for NAfME publications and mailings, or entering into transactions with the NAfME, and covers the collection, use, storage and disclosure of information and data as described in this Privacy Policy.
By accessing or using the Site and/or providing any personal information to us, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not accept these practices, you must not access or use the Site or provide us with your personal information. We may change or add to this privacy policy, so we encourage you to review it periodically. If we use any of your personal information in a manner that you believe is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy, please contact us at the address below so that we may correct such inconsistency.
Consent to transfer personal information to the United States
If you reside outside of the United States, your personal information will be transferred to the U.S. and processed and stored in the U.S. By accessing or using the Site, or providing any personal information to us, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy and the Website Terms of Use and consent to the transfer, processing, and storage of your personal information in the U.S.
What information does the Site collect and how is the information used?
Personal information is data that can be used to identify or contact an individual. You do not have to provide any personal information to read the content of our Site. However, you will provide personal information when submitting a donation, signing up to attend an event, applying to become a member, creating an NAfME account, submitting a post to our discussion board or other online forum, or contacting us for more information. Some examples of personal information we collect include: your name, mailing address, e-mail address, and phone number. When you make a donation or sign up for an event, we ask for your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, and credit card information (i.e., card type, number, security code and expiration date). Credit card payment processing is handled for us by a third-party vendor and is subject to the third-party’s privacy policy. Credit card information provided to us by the third-party payment processor is altered in a manner which allows us to maintain a record of the transaction, but protects the credit card number, and is stored in a secure location for a period of three months.
We use your personal information for our internal business operations, such as to process your donation, provide our programs and services, and/or to respond to your request for information. We may also use the information to contact you if there is a problem with your donation, for feedback on our services and/or to contact you for marketing purposes. For example, you may receive periodic e-mails, direct mailings or telephone calls from us with information on our upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such e-mails, mailings or calls, please let us know by sending an e-mail to the address below or click “unsubscribe” as instructed in any email from us.
NAfME protects the confidentiality of its donors, and we never sell information about our donors. We honor all requests by donors who wish to remain anonymous. Unless a donor specifically requests that he or she remain anonymous, donors’ names may be identified in our publications.
We are the sole owner of any and all information collected through the use of the Site.
Do we collect information from children under age 13?
Our website is intended for a general audience and is not directed to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. Please contact us at memberservices@nafme.org if you suspect that we have collected information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that we have collected the personal information of a child under 13 without verifiable parental consent, we will take steps to delete the information as quickly as possible.
Does the Site use cookies or tracking technology?
NAfME’s website uses cookies and other technologies for the purposes explained below. We treat information collected by cookies and other technologies as non-personal information. However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal information by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal information. Similarly, to the extent that non-personal information is combined with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information that are placed on your device’s browser that are used to help the Site recognize your browser in the future and to track your interaction with the Site. Cookies are stored on your device or in local storage. Cookies are useful because they make using the Internet easier by, among other things, saving your passwords and preferences for you. Some cookies (“session” cookies) expire and are automatically deleted when you close your browser, while others (“persistent” cookies) do not expire and are not automatically deleted. We may use cookies for these or other purposes, including to deliver content specific to your interests, to track and analyze Site usage and browsing activity, and to make your visit to the Site easier by recognizing you when you return. You can enable your browser to refuse cookies, but certain features of the Site may not work as intended or may be slowed if you decline to accept cookies.
We may also use web beacons, clear gif technology, action tags or other technologies to collect aggregate Site visitation data by tracking how users navigate to and through the Site. We may also use this technology to track the delivery of HTML email messages. Web beacons cannot be declined when delivered using a regular web page, but they can be refused when delivered by email. If you do not wish to receive web beacons by email, you will need to disable HTML images or select text only for emails received with your email software.
We may also track activity on our Site using log files stored on our servers, and collect information, including IP addresses, browser types and versions, geographic information, pages viewed and devices used to interact with the Site. We may use this information to personalize your experience and to administer our Site.
Some web browsers may transmit “do not track” signals to the websites with which the browser communicates. There is no standard that governs what, if anything, websites should do when they receive these signals. We do not currently take action in response to these signals. We may revise this policy if and when a standard for responding to these signals is established.
We may monitor email correspondence and telephone calls to track reported problems and to ensure quality assurance. Similarly, we monitor web traffic in the aggregate for the purposes of evaluating marketing campaigns and content improvement.
We may use a web analytics service, such as Google Analytics, to record and analyze your activity on this Site. The Site or any such service may track your browsing across web sites that use the same service and may collect demographic data, including the type of computer or operating system, location of user (e.g., city, state, country) and gender.
Our Site may include social media features such as the Facebook “like” button, widgets or interactive mini-programs that run on our Site. These features may collect your IP address, browsing information and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the party providing it.
To whom do we disclose information?
The information that we collect is generally used for internal purposes such as fulfilling your requests for information, processing your transactions, compiling usage statistics regarding the Site, and analyzing visitor preferences regarding our services and events. Except as provided in this Policy, we will not knowingly sell, share or rent your personal information to any third parties without your permission. We may, however, share the information collected on the Site with outside parties to the extent necessary to fulfill your requests for information or to provide our services to you. For example, we use third party services to assist us in securely processing your credit card orders/donations. We may also share personal information and non-personally identifiable information with third parties that help manage and maintain our website and databases and with third-parties who assist us with direct mailing, email communications, and general business operations. We strive to ensure that any such parties will provide at least the same level of protection as this Privacy Policy offers. However, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of third parties and do not guarantee that these third parties have similar privacy practices.
We will divulge personal information to courts, law enforcement and other governmental agencies and third parties when required to do so or when we in good faith believe it is necessary in order to comply with legal obligations
In the event that this Site or substantially all of our assets are acquired, merged or reorganized, user information may be transferred to another party.
NAfME shares or rents lists containing the names, job title, institution, and mailing addresses provided by visitors to the Site and provided through other means to a third party which may use the lists for marketing purposes. We do not share email addresses with third parties. You may request that NAfME not provide your mailing information to third parties for their marketing purposes by sending a written request to the mailing address or the email address listed below.
What are the privacy policies of linked sites and other third parties?
The NAfME Site contains links to other sites. This Privacy Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. Although you may link to other sites or third parties via the Site, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of third parties or the content of linked sites that are not programs of NAfME. We encourage our website visitors to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy policies of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information.
Who may see the information I post to various areas of the NAfME site?
You also may provide information to be published or displayed on NAfME’s blog, discussion boards, online forums, online communities, or other public areas of the website, or transmitted to other uses of the website or third parties (collectively, “User Contributions”). You provide User Contributions and transmit them to others at your own risk. We cannot control the actions of other users of the website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
How can you access or correct your information?
You may view, correct or update the personal information we have about you by sending a request to the mailing address or the e-mail address listed below. Individuals with a NAfME account may correct or update the personal information within the NAfME system by logging into their account. If you do not have an NAfME account, and would like to correct or update your personal information, please contact us at the mail, email or telephone contact information below.
How may this privacy statement be amended?
From time to time, we may make changes to our information practices or alter the functionality of the Site. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post a notice of those changes on our home page so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. When we make updates, we will change the “last updated” date below. We encourage you to periodically review this page and the Site’s home page for the latest information on our privacy practices for this Site.
What security measures does the Site employ?
The security of your personal information is important to us. We employ various security measures to protect against the loss of information that the Site collects. However, you should keep in mind that this Site is run on software, hardware and networks, any component of which may, from time to time, require maintenance or experience problems or breaches of security. No method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% percent secure and we cannot guarantee it’s absolute security. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your username and password and are responsible for any unauthorized use.
Your California Privacy Rights:
How can you contact us?
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, you can contact us by mail, e-mail or phone at:
Mailing address:
The National Association for Music Education1806 Robert Fulton Drive Reston, VA 20191
E-mail address:
memberservices@nafme.org
Telephone:                   703-860-4000
Last Updated:              1/15/2016
2077575 v. 5
Find Your Dues
×
NAfME uses cookies to give users the best experience on our website. Learn more about which cookies NAfME uses or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Changes