https://nafme.org/advocacy/public-policy-coalitions/
Skip to main content
HomeAdvocacyPublic Policy Coalitions
The National Association for Music Education (NAfME) is actively engaged with several public policy coalitions. Together, we collectively advocate to ensure key federal education programs remain protected for the benefit of music education.
The Music Education Policy Roundtable
Originally conceived of and formalized by the National Association for Music Education (NAfME) and American String Teachers Association (ASTA), the Music Education Policy Roundtable is music education’s premier policy coalition, representing the unification of many great music education organizations under a single banner.  Together, the Roundtable works in efforts to achieve a consensus set of federal legislative recommendations, on behalf of the profession and all of those who stand to benefit from its contributions to education.
For legislative materials, formal statements, key resources, and interested membership, please visit the Roundtable’s webpage.
The Committee for Education Funding (CEF)
The Committee for Education Funding (CEF) is a coalition that was founded in 1969 with the goal of achieving adequate federal financial support for our nation’s educational system. The coalition is voluntary, nonprofit and nonpartisan. CEF members include educational associations, institutions, agencies, and organizations whose interests range from preschool to postgraduate education in both public and private systems. The National Association for Music Education has been a member of CEF since 2010, and continues to maintain an active role as the ONLY organization that represents the music and arts community within the coalition.
For more information on NAfME membership and involvement with CEF, please visit here.
For more information on CEF, including other members, policy papers, and legislative analysis, please visit the CEF website.
The Title IV-A Coalition
Within the “Every Student Succeeds Act” (ESSA), the landmark law includes a new block grant titled Student Support and Academic Enrichment (SSAE) grants, which was created under Title IV, Part A. This grant will provide supplemental funding to help states and school districts, and provide access to “Well-Rounded” education subjects, which now includes music and the arts.
The Title IV, Part A Coalition is an alliance of like-minded prestigious education groups that are working to urge Congress to increase funding for this program. Formed in 2016, NAfME joined the Coalition as a founding member; the Association has since participated in key meetings with members of Congress, and help organize key press events on behalf of the Coalition.
For more information on NAfME membership and involvement with Title IV-A, please visit here.
For more information on the Title IV-A Coalition, including other members, statements, and other resources, please visit the Title IV-A website.
For inquiries regarding NAfME coalition participation, please contact the NAfME public policy staff.
Find Your Dues
×
NAfME uses cookies to give users the best experience on our website. Learn more about which cookies NAfME uses or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Changes