https://nafme.org/advocacy/public-policy/
Skip to main content
HomeAdvocacyPublic Policy Hub
The National Association for Music Education (NAfME) advocates to educate elected officials and other key decision-makers about the impact and importance of music education programs.
Below you will find several topics in public policy where the NAfME advocates at the federal level.
Current Legislative Agendas
Fiscal Year 2021 Appropriations
Emergency Funding to Address the Homework Gap
Emergency Funding to Back-fill State Education Budgets
Funding for the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA)
Guarantee Access to Arts and Music Education Act
Higher Education Act Reauthorization
Rebuild America Schools Act
The Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA)
After years of stalled negotiations and Congressional stalemates, Congress put No Child Left Behind away for good, and passed, by an overwhelming majority, a new version of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act.
This new bill, entitled the Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA), is an enormous victory for music education advocates. We are truly on the verge of a new day for music education, with opportunities to use federal funding to increase access to music education for all students, especially the most vulnerable.
Please visit our “Everything ESSA” page for the latest on this HISTORIC piece of legislation for music education. On the page you find:
A comprehensive legislative analysis of the bill
Toolkits, fact sheets, and implementation guides on how to navigate and understand ESSA
Resources to help you understand the funding and appropriations process of ESSA
Coalitions
Advocacy is most effective when carried out with friends. That’s why NAfME is active in multiple public policy coalitions, including the Music Education Policy Roundtable, of which NAfME is a founding member. Our coalition work ensures that music education is represented in national conversations around education funding and policy. Click here to learn more.
Find Your Dues
×
NAfME uses cookies to give users the best experience on our website. Learn more about which cookies NAfME uses or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Changes