https://nalinisingh.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
In short: We’re obsessive over your privacy and guard it fiercely. If you join my newsletter and provide me with your name/e-mail address, I will never share it with anyone except my assistant!
Full Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.nalinisingh.com and associated newsletter. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information such as credit card information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. (This website does not collect any sensitive information).
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via nalini.assistant@gmail.com
We may also collect data automatically through our use of cookies on the website. You may adjust your settings to disable cookies at any time.
Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies. This site participates in affiliate programs with retailers. We do not collect any information as part of this process.
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
From time-to-time our site requests information via contests. Participation in these contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes.
Monthly Newsletter
Join to receive exclusive updates and free short stories that won't be posted online for at least six months! Click the link in your confirmation email and the Welcome short stories will arrive automatically. If you don't get the email, please check your junk/spam folders/Gmail tabs. Still can't see it? Email Ashwini and she'll ensure you're subscribed.
Name
Email
Country
Privacy Policy
Series listsPsy/Changeling Series
Guild Hunter Series
Rock Kiss Series
International pages
Gestaltwandler Serie
Age of Trinity Serie
Gilde der Jäger serie
Rock Kiss Serie
Hard Play Serie
Anthologien
Nalini Singh’s WeblogQuiet in Her Bones - Out February 2021 December 10, 2020 *Preorder here.*Add it on Goodreads.In this gripping thriller set in New Zealand, New York Times bestselling author Nalini Singh takes you into the twisted world of an exclusive cul-de-sac located on the edge of a sprawling forest.My mother vanished ten years ago.So did a quarter of a million dollars in cash.Thief. Bitch. Criminal.Now, she’s back.Her […]Archangel's Sun December 7, 2020
Contact me General question?
Drop Ashwini an email.
Review copy / Interview requests: Swing by the Publicity section to get the details on who to contact.
Personal email to me: nalinisinghwrites@gmail.com
Cover quote/blurb requests: Please send all requests through my agent.
Agency: I'm represented by Nephele Tempest of The Knight Agency.