https://naster.com/privacy-policy-2/
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their “Personally identifiable information” (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our Privacy Policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What information do we collect?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your Name, Email address or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form or enter information on your site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customers service requests.
How do we protect visitor information?
We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards. We do not use an SSL certificate. We only provide articles and information, and we never ask for personal or private information.
Do we use “cookies”?
We use cookies to:
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third party services that track this information on our behalf. It won’t affect the user’s experience.
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer Personally Identifiable Information.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Act
According to the California Online Privacy Act we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page, or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word “Privacy,” and can be easily found on the page specified above.
Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes:
On our Privacy Policy Page.
Users are able to change their personal information:
By emailing us.
How does our site handle ‘do not track’ signals?
We honor them and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third party behavioral tracking?
We allow.
COOPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13.
Fair Information Practices
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices, we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via email within 7 business days.
We agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
Remarketing
Traditional remarketing campaigns may be used. Third-party vendors, including Google and Facebook, use cookies to serve ads based on past visits to certain websites or web pages. Website visitors can choose to opt out of third-party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Contact information:
Website: www.naster.com
David Naster
Office: 913 839 0367
Cell: 913 963 9486
Copyright © 2017