http://nationaldance.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyJ T2019-12-11T17:06:10-05:00
National Dance Institute (NDI) is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of our online guests, customers, donors, and friends, and this Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand NDI’s approach to the collection and use of personal information. We do not collect personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) about individuals—such as their names and postal and/or email addresses—except when it is knowingly provided by such individuals. We believe that maintaining privacy on the web is very important and we hope you will read this Privacy Policy carefully so that you will clearly understand both our commitment to you and your privacy and our method of collecting and using information. This Privacy Policy only applies to transactions made, and data gathered, on the nationaldance.org website (the “Site”) and does not apply to any other website. The terms of this Privacy Policy shall govern all interactions with NDI through either NDI’s Site or email. A link to the Privacy Policy can be found on the nationaldance.org homepage and on every page on the NDI’s Site.
Consent
By using the NDI’s Site or communicating with the NDI by email, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, please refrain from using the Site. Specifically, by submitting any Personal Information to us, you consent and agree that we may collect, use and disclose such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and as permitted or required by law. You have the option of refraining from submitting Personal Information and reviewing, updating and deleting Personal Information you have submitted (by contacting national dance.org), and can limit your use of the Site to those aspects that do not require Personal Information if you do not agree with our practices outlined in this Privacy Policy regarding Personal Information.
Collection and Use of Information
For the purpose of:
(i) delivering goods and services such as newsletters and merchandise;
(ii) processing ticket purchases and donations;
(iii) creating and publishing content most relevant to your needs; and
(iv) operating, monitoring and improving the user experience on our Site or other NDI platform;
NDI collects Personal Information and General Information (as defined below) both directly and indirectly through outside companies or individuals (“Third-Party Service Providers”).
Personal Information. We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you or allows us to contact you. Personal Information collected by NDI often is limited to e-mail address, home address and phone number, but may include other information, such as a credit card number, when needed to provide a service you requested.  Your Personal Information will not be publicly available to other users through the Site or any NDI platform.
General Information. When you visit, access and/or use the Site, we may also collect additional information either directly or through Third-Party Service Providers that does not personally identify you (“General Information”). General Information may include your IP address, Internet service provider, browser type and language, as well as other information automatically collected using technical methods, including but not limited to cookies and pixel tags. We may, in an effort to better understand visitors to our Site and platforms and how they use our products and services, analyze General Information in aggregate form.
Disclosure of Personal Information
NDI may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on NDI or the Site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of NDI, or (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of NDI employees, students, users of NDI products or services, or members of the public.
Control of your Personal Information
We take reasonable steps to maintain the security of your information, including personal information, via a variety of access controls, including password protection, electronic firewalls, and data encryption where possible. However, no mode of transmission or method of storage can be completely secure, so we cannot guarantee the security of such information.
We will retain your personal information only for as long as we reasonably need it for legal or business purposes.  When we no longer need your personal information, we will securely delete or destroy it.
Third-Party Service Providers
NDI may engage reputable third-party vendors in order to help us manage our Site and allow us to better service our visitors and customers. These may include third-party vendors engaged to accept donations or ticket purchases on behalf of NDI; or to analyze, for marketing purposes, the information collected on our Site. NDI requires its vendors by contract to maintain the confidentiality and security of NDI information to which they are provided access and restricts the vendors from using the information in any way not expressly authorized by NDI. NDI’s Site may contain links to other web sites such as our third-party vendors. Once you leave NDI’s Site, you will be subject to the privacy policies and terms of service governing the relevant third-party websites or platforms, and this Privacy Policy will no longer apply.
Social Media
NDI may provide links to sites operated by outside parties (“Third-Party Sites”) that we believe may be of interest to you. We do not disclose your Personal Information to these Third-Party Sites without obtaining your consent. In addition, from our Site you may be able to interact with social media sites (“Social Media Platforms”), for example, by “liking” us on Facebook. If you choose to click on a link to one of these Third-Party Sites or choose to interact with or through a Social Media Platform, your activities are not governed by this Privacy Policy and will be governed by the privacy policy on that Third-Party Site or Social Media Platform.
We may maintain an NDI page on Facebook or other social media forum, including, without limitation, LinkedIn, Instagram and Twitter (collectively, “NDI Forums”). If you post comments or other content (“User Content”) on the NDI Facebook page or other NDI Forum, NDI may use, edit, delete or otherwise distribute such User Content, including posting on our Site. NDI may also collect any Personal Information associated with your posting on NDI Forums. As with other Third-Party Sites, NDI expressly does not endorse and is not responsible for the privacy practices of NDI Forums, although we may have a presence on them.
Protection of Children’s Personal Information
In accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act and NDI’s policy, NDI does not knowingly collect or share Personal Information from children under the age of 13. We encourage parents and legal guardians to supervise their children’s on-line activities and use a parental control tool to prevent children from disclosing Personal Information without a responsible adult’s consent. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Information without the consent of a parent or guardian, please contact us at info@nationaldance.org. After verification of the information, we will delete the information from our records.
E-mail Communication
If you choose to receive e-mails from NDI, we may send you e-mails announcing events or describing special offers or services. At any time, if you do not want to receive future e-mails from us, please let us know by e-mailing to: info@nationaldance.org.
Contact Information
NDI welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact:
National Dance Institute
217 West 147th Street
New York, NY 10039
Telephone: 212-226-0083
Fax: 212-226-0761
Changes to Privacy Policy
National Dance Institute may revise its Privacy Policy at any time. Any such updates or modifications shall be effective immediately upon posting on our Site. Please refer back to this page often for the latest information. We will notify you about any significant changes in the way we treat Personal Information by placing a prominent notice on our Site. We encourage you to visit this page periodically to review our current policy so that you will always know what information we gather and how we may use that information.
Update effective December 11, 2019