http://netnebraska.org/privacy
Skip to main content area
Connect with NET Social Media
Subscribe to our newsletters
Search form
Search
Nebraska’s PBS & NPR Stations
Television
Radio
Education
Support NET
Donate Now
Live & On Demand
Main menu
news
sports
kids
science
arts & humanities
schedules
events
browse A-Z
partner with us
about NET
Share
|
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement for NET Internet ServicesNebraska Educational Telecommunications has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. We believe that greater protection of personal privacy on the Web will not only protect our participants but also increase the use of this new medium in ways that serve the public. The purpose of this statement is to inform you about the types of information we gather about you when you visit our sites, how we may use that information and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to correct, the information. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website, NET Internet Services. This site contains links to other sites. NET Internet Services is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. Tracking Information:Tracking Information:For each visitor that signs up for our email list, we collect only the information that is requested on the list signup form. Required fields are denoted with an asterisk (*). Unless otherwise stated on our web site, we collect the email addresses of those who communicate with us via email and information volunteered by you such as but not limited to list signup information, survey information, and/or site registrations. NET Internet Services’s Web server automatically collects and logs limited information about your computer’s connection to the Internet when you visit our site. The information collected in these log files allows us to make our site more useful to our visitors. The access logs do NOT record your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, credit card number, or any other personally identifying information. Rather, they contain some or all of the following information:The Internet Protocol Address (IP Address) of the machine you used to access our Web site *The date and time you visitedThe pages you visited on our siteThe brand and version of browser you used, and the type of computer you used.A list of files you downloaded or viewedThe amount of time you spent viewing or listening to streaming media filesAny errors you encountered*Your IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data. Your IP address does not identify you personally. Most Internet Service Providers use a "dynamic" form of assigning IP Addresses. This means that you may have a different IP Address each time you visit NET Internet Services. In addition, many Internet Service Providers, including America Online, use "Proxy servers" which provide even more anonymity for visitors. For example, all visitors accessing NET Internet Services through America Online will be recorded in our access logs as having the same IP Address. CookiesOur site uses cookies to deliver content specific to your interests. "Cookies" are a standard technology that were designed to help a web site recognize a user's browser as a previous visitor and thus save and remember preferences that may have been set while the user was browsing the site. We only use cookies to gather the information indicated in this policy and do not use cookies to gather personal identifying information about you without your consent. When You Make a Membership PledgeNET will ask you to provide the information necessary to process and service your membership Pledge: name, billing and shipping address, telephone number, email address, and credit card number. This information is encrypted for your security and is only seen by our membership staff that processes your gift and our contracted fulfillment agencies. Public ForumsThis site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. SecurityThis site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Our servers are monitored for unauthorized activity and we have installed industry standard safeguards. When we collect demographic information from users, that information is stored in an area where the public does not have access to it. Any requests for financial information are conducted on a secured server with encryption technology from Verisign. Your information is encrypted to thwart anyone trying to intercept it and misuse it. You can check this by clicking the icon below.   SurveysOur online surveys may ask visitors for contact information (like their email address) and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). The customer's contact information is used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Demographic and profile data may also be collected at our site. We use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences. Children's GuidelinesYou have trusted NET for many years to provide responsible and quality content for children. As we move into the cyberspace world, this trust becomes even more important to you, and to us. We believe the following promises will improve the safety, value, and enjoyment of your child's visits to our site. We will NOT collect online personally identifiable contact information from your child without prior parental consent or parental notification, which will include an opportunity for the parent to prevent use of the information and participation in the activity. If your child submits, online, stories, artwork, comments or anything else to us, which is posted at our site, he or she will be identified only by first name, age and hometown. If your child sends us e-mail with a question or comment, or enters one of our contents, we will respond using his or her e-mail, but will not store it for future communications. If we know that your child is under the age of 13, we will collect your permission offline – by postal mail, fax or phone – before we mail any prizes or share your child's personal information with anyone else. We will NOT distribute to third parties any personally identifiable information without prior parental consent. We will NOT give the ability to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable contact information without prior parental consent. We will NOT entice by the prospect of a special game, prize or other activity, to divulge more information than is needed to participate in the activity. You and your child's use of this site are conditioned on your having accepted these terms. You should check back at this policy frequently, since it is subject to change from time to time. Your continued use of the site is conditioned upon your acceptance of any modifications hereto. Choice/Opt-OutOur site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor.This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.You can send email to net_it@netad.unl.eduYou can send mail to the following postal address:NET, 1800 North 33rdLincoln, NE 68583 Correct/UpdateThis site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.E-mail net_it@netad.unl.eduSend mail to the following postal address:NET, 1800 North 33rd Lincoln, NE 68583 Contacting the Web SiteIf you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contactNET Viewer ServicesNebraska Educational Telecommunications1800 North 33rd StreetLincoln, NE 68583net_it@netad.unl.eduCopyright Information and Responsible Use of Information Resources, Technology, and NetworksThe following is provided in order that you may have a resource of information regarding copyright law and guidelines for action should you believe that the University of Nebraska network contains data that may in some way infringe that copyright law. This material is provided in order to comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998.The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (http://www.copyright.gov/legislation/dmca.pdf)U.S. Copyright Office - General Guidelines About Copyright Law (http://www.copyright.gov/)Infringements ViolationsIf you believe this network contains data which potentially infringes your copyright interests, please contact the following University of Nebraska representative:Mark AskrenChief Information OfficerUniversity of Nebraska--Lincoln402 LLSLincoln, NE USA 68588-0419Phone: (402) 472-4242maskren2@unl.edu
Support for NET provided by:
About NETNET Governance
Public Information
Our Mission
Careers
News Releases
Support NETAnnual Giving & Membership
Major Giving
Planned Giving
Sports Partners Club
NET Store
Contact UsTelevision Network
Radio Network
Social Media
Closed Captioning
Email Newsletters
NET Live & On DemandState Government
NET PBS KIDS
Mobile Apps
NET Podcasts
Streaming Media FAQ
COMPLIANCE REQUIREMENTS© NET Foundation for TelevisionPrivacy Information