https://next.merchdirect.com/privacy?domain=savestheday.merchdirect.com
PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated on June 21, 2017
This is the Privacy Policy of MerchDirect LLC. and its subsidiary companies (collectively
“MerchDirect” , “we”, or “us”), which applies to the website
located at www.merchdirect.com, its affiliate sites, subdomains, mobile
versions, and any associated applications (collectively, the “Website”). A full list of the MerchDirect group
companies that may jointly use personal data about you pursuant to this policy is available at
http://www.merchdirect.com/privacy. MerchDirect is the entity responsible for the management of
jointly used personal data.
In conjunction with any applicable
Terms and Conditions of Use, this policy sets out the
basis on which any personal data you provide will be collected, processed, used and stored by us. Please read it
carefully. By visiting this Website, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy
Policy, which may be amended in our sole discretion from time to time. If you use the Website after we have published
such changes, you will be agreeing to be bound by those changes. If you do not agree to be bound by this policy at any
time, you should not use the Website.
Children
You must be at least the age of Majority to register with us. Please do not provide any of your details to us if you
are under the age of Majority.
PARENTS PLEASE READ: We do not permit those under the age of 18 (or
older in some jurisdictions, if the age of Majority is older) to participate on or enter the Website without your
express consent.
No information should be submitted to or posted on the Website by any Minor (a user under 18 years of age, or older
in some jurisdictions, if the age of Majority is older) without the consent of a parent or guardian. Users without
this consent are not allowed to provide us with personal data. No information should be submitted to or posted on the
Website by any person younger than 13 years of age. If we become aware that you are under 13 and are attempting to or
have submitted personal data via the Website, or that you are otherwise a Minor and are attempting to or have
submitted personal data via the Website without your parent’s/guardian's permission, we will not accept such
information and we will take steps to remove such information from our records. This may involve us having to access
and verify your age and other relevant details.
Unless otherwise disclosed during collection, we do not knowingly provide any personally identifying information
about Minors, regardless of its source, to third parties, nor is this information knowingly used by us for any
marketing or promotional purposes. Minors are not allowed to participate in contests or sweepstakes on the Website. If
you do not satisfy this age requirement, you are not permitted to use or enter the Website.
Introduction
This Privacy Policy explains the following:
What data we collect about you;
Analysis tools and our use of cookies on the Website and how you can reject these cookies;
How MerchDirect stores and processes data about you;
How MerchDirect uses data about you;
When and how we communicate with you;
Whether we will disclose personal data about you to anyone else;
How you can opt-out from receiving communications from us;
How you can opt-out from our sharing personal data about you;
How long we may keep personal data about you; and
How to contact us.
What data we collect about you and why
When you use the Website, there are different ways we and any service providers who assist us in managing the
Website gather information about you. When you register with us, we ask for information such as your name, email
address, postal address and contact details. We keep a record of the information we collect on your initial and
subsequent visits to the Website and any other information relating to you that we may obtain from our suppliers or
other third parties. This record will be stored and processed in the United States and other countries (see further
below under “How we store data about you” and “How we use personal data about you”). All this is necessary for us to
recognize you, provide you with the services or information you have requested from us and, where appropriate, to
maintain your account with us. In addition to the uses described below, we may also use this information to improve
our platform and prevent or detect abuses of our Website. You may also be required to provide personal data to order
products or participate in one of our online forums or communities. You are under no obligation to provide such
data. However, if you should choose to withhold requested information, we may not be able to provide you with
certain services.
We may keep a record of any electronic correspondence you send us. This helps us to keep track of any problems or
concerns you may have had with our Website or services.
If retail opportunities are provided, when you place an order, a third-party payment processor may collect a
credit card number or other payment account number. This record will be stored and processed in the United States
and other countries (see further below under “How we store data about you” and “How we use personal data about
you”).
Please note that sometimes on particular web pages on the Website we will require you to provide additional
personal data. When we do this we will specify further on these web pages why we are collecting this data and how we
will use it.
Analysis Tools and our use of cookies
We currently use Google Analytics and other third party analytics companies to analyze how visitors use our
Website and to find ways of improving it. To do this, we use Web beacons, pixel tags, clear GIFs and cookies on the
Website; these are text files that collect and log site user behavior information including domain names, IP
addresses (the number automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider), along with usage
statistics (e.g., the type of web browser and operating system you use) and browsing history in an anonymous form.
The information collected is transmitted to Google and other third party analytics companies and used to compile
statistical reports for us. The information concerned is not used to track or collect any information which may be
used to identify a particular individual. All information is used and held anonymously.
We may also use cookies and other technologies to optimize your experience on the Website. Cookies are pieces of
information that a website transfers to your hard drive to store and sometimes track information about you. Cookies
can be used to recognize users when they return and may help us to customize the Website for you based on your
preferences. Cookies may also be used to identify the user’s geographic location and enable us to restrict
particular services to users in certain countries. Although they do identify a user's computer, cookies do not
personally identify users and passwords and credit card information are not stored in cookies.
We control how the data collected from our cookies and other technologies may and may not be used. If you do not
want to help us to learn how to improve our Website, products, offers and marketing strategy, you can "opt-out" of
our ability to analyze such data and disable cookies by modifying the settings in your browser. Please note that
this might affect some functionality on the Website. For more information about cookies and how to disable them,
please go to www.allaboutcookies.org.
Third-party advertisers on the Website may use cookies and other technologies in their advertisements for
statistical purposes; we have no control over cookies placed on the Website by third parties.
How we store and process data about you
This Website is hosted in the United States. In order to communicate with you about local events, offers and
opportunities and other news, the data that we collect from you may be transferred to, stored, used and processed by
MerchDirect in the United States or one of our service providers based in United States or outside the United States.
Such entities may be engaged in, among other things: (i) preparing and sending newsletters to which you subscribe;
(ii) the fulfilment of your orders; (iii) the processing of payment details; and (iv) the provision of support
services. If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use
that may differ from United States law, please note that you are transferring your personal data to the United States.
The laws of some countries may not provide the same levels of protection of personal data as your home country,
particularly if you are resident in the European Union. By submitting data, you agree to the collection, transfer,
storage, use and processing of data about you for the purposes described in this policy. When you provide personal
data to us or our service providers or vendors, you consent to the processing of your data in the United States as the
Website is operated in the United States. We will take reasonable steps to ensure that data about you is treated
securely in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and that all information you provide to us is stored on our secure
servers or those of our service providers.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES TREAT YOUR INFORMATION IN A MANNER THAT MAY BE SUBSTANTIALLY
DIFFERENT FROM, AND LESS PROTECTIVE THAN, THE TREATMENT REQUIRED UNDER THE LAWS OF OTHER COUNTRIES AND JURISDICTIONS.
IF YOU DO NOT WANT YOUR INFORMATION TRANSFERRED TO THE UNITED STATES, YOU SHOULD NOT SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH US,
OR MAKE USE OF THIS WEBSITE.
TO THE EXTENT ALLOWED BY THE LAW OF THE COUNTRY IN WHICH YOU ARE LOCATED, YOU EXPRESSLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT YOU MAY HAVE
TO REQUIRE US TO TREAT YOUR IDENTIFYING INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF ANY COUNTRY OR JURISDICTION OTHER
THAN THE UNITED STATES. HOWEVER, THE FOREGOING WAIVER MAY NOT BE LEGALLY BINDING IN SOME COUNTRIES, SUCH AS THE MEMBER
STATES OF THE EUROPEAN UNION. TO THE EXTENT IT IS NOT LEGALLY BINDING IN THE COUNTRY IN WHICH YOU ARE LOCATED, THIS
FOREGOING WAIVER DOES NOT APPLY TO YOU.
How we use personal data about you
All the information we collect via our Website, or through correspondence with you, is used to provide you with any
information, products or services you have requested, to operate MerchDirect’s business and to improve theaervices and
products that we offer you. We will use personal data about you for purposes such as:
managing the Website and access to it so that it is presented in the most effective way for you and your
computer;
dealing with orders and accounts for the supply of our goods and services;
planning and managing MerchDirect’s business activities, including analyzing users’ preferences;
research;
providing you with information about the products and services we offer (subject to your preferences where
possible);
providing you with information about specially selected third party products and services (if you consent to
receive such information on registration);
notifying you of any changes to our products and services;
providing you with password reminders or to notify you that a particular service has been suspended for
maintenance; and
processing and dealing with any complaints or enquiries made by you.
As described above data may be shared within MerchDirect. There are only a limited number of circumstances in which
we may share with others some or all of the data about you that we hold; these are set out below.
With agents and other third parties who assist us in the services we provide to you by, for example, hosting sites
or sending emails on our behalf, and with retail partners on the Website. In these instances, we provide them with
only the information that they will need to perform their function. MerchDirect requires these third parties to
comply with MerchDirect’s instructions and requires them not to use any personal data for their own business
purposes.
In the event that our business assets are ever sold to, or purchased by, another company (our data records are
part of our business).
With our joint venture partners.
Where you have expressed an interest in one or more particular artists and have consented to the sharing of
information with any such artist(s), we may share personal data about you with such artists and their
representatives. Such artists may use this information to contact you regarding products, programs, services and
promotions that the artists believe may be of interest to you. We do not control, and are not responsible for,
artists’ use of personal data. If you decide that you no longer wish MerchDirect to be able to share personal data
with artists and their representatives, please see the section on opting-out below.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share personal data about you in order to comply with any legal obligation,
at the request of relevant regulatory or governmental authorities, pursuant to a subpoena or comparable binding
request, or in order to enforce or apply the Terms and Conditions of Use of applicable to this Website, or to
protect the rights, property or safety of MerchDirect, its customers, or others.
We may make available services such as message boards, chat functionality and blogs, to which you are able to post
information and materials. Please note that any information you disclose through such services or otherwise on the
Website becomes public information, and may be available to visitors to the Website and to the general public. In
addition, when you choose to make a posting on such services certain personal data will be available for other users
to view. We urge you to exercise discretion and caution when deciding to disclose personal data about you, or any
other information, on the Website. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE BY ANY THIRD PARTY OF ANY PERSONAL DATA YOU
VOLUNTARILY DISCLOSE THROUGH ANY SUCH SERVICES OR OTHERWISE ON THE WEBSITE.
With your express consent.
So far as practicable we will seek to ensure that each disclosure of personal data about you will be subject to an
obligation of confidentiality.
We may also use and share anonymized, aggregated data, such as access statistics, within MerchDirect and with third
parties such as advertisers. This information will not involve the identification of individuals.
When and how we communicate with you and how you can opt-out from receiving future communications or from our
sharing personal data about you
We may use the information we collect to contact you by post, email and telephone (including automated calls, and by
SMS text messages and other multimedia electronic messages such as picture messaging) so as to contact you:
in relation to the functioning of any services you have signed up for in order to ensure that we can deliver the
services to you;
to provide you with further information;
in relation to any contribution you have made to the Website, e.g. on our message boards;
to invite you to participate in surveys about our services (participation is always voluntary);
for marketing purposes subject to any elections that you have made in this respect;
about a submission you have made to the Website, including any content you provide.
We will not send you unsolicited premium rate SMS messages (which are SMS messages you pay to receive), although your
service provider may impose a charge on any messages that you receive. Please check with your service provider for
details.
You will be given the opportunity to opt-out of receiving such marketing information at the point when your details
are collected. All promotional information from us will come with instructions on how to opt-out from receiving
further information in the future.
You can tell us not to contact you or share the information with a third party either at initial registration or
later through updates. We may occasionally contact you about products and services we feel may be of interest to you.
This contact will only come from us (or our agents, joint venture partners or our artists) and only if you have
indicated that you do not object to these offers. If you would prefer to no longer receive marketing-related messages
from us, or if you would prefer that we not share personal data about you with any of our joint venture partners or
artists, you may opt-out of receiving messages from us or from our future sharing of information about you by
following the “unsubscribe” instructions in the latest such message you have received. We will endeavor to comply with
your request as soon as reasonably practicable. Please keep in mind that if you opt-out of receiving promotional
messages from this Website, we will continue to send you transactional messages and important account-related
information regarding this Website or products or services offered through this Website. We also will continue to
honor your requests regarding promotional communications from other MerchDirect websites for which you have
subscribed.
Please note that if you opt-out as described above, we will not be able to remove personal data about you from the
databases of joint venture partners or any artists with which we have already shared personal data about you (i.e., to
which we have already provided personal data about you as of the date that we implement your opt-out request). If you
wish to cease receiving marketing-related messages from such joint venture partners or any artists, please contact
such joint venture partners or any artists directly or utilize any opt-out mechanisms set out in their respective
privacy policies or marketing-related messages.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
A California privacy law that went into effect on January 1, 2005, the "Shine the Light" law, allows California
residents to obtain a list of third parties to whom a business has disclosed personal information if it shares such
information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. However, if a business adopts and discloses in its
privacy policy a policy of not disclosing customers’ personal information to third parties for their direct marketing
purposes unless the customer first affirmatively agrees to the disclosure, the business may comply with the law by
notifying the customer of his or her right to prevent disclosure of personal information and by providing a cost-free
means to exercise that right.
As stated earlier in this Privacy Policy, personal information submitted at the time of registration or submission
may be used for marketing and promotional purposes only with the user’s permission. Whenever a user agrees to allow us
to collect personal information, we provide the user with an option to prevent such information from being shared for
marketing and promotional purposes with third parties. Furthermore, you may exercise this cost-free option at any time
by clicking on the link below:
http://help.merchdirect.com/customer/portal/emails/new
Because the Website has a comprehensive privacy policy and provides you with details on how you may opt-in or opt-out
of the use of your personal information by third parties for direct marketing purposes, we are not required to provide
you with the third party list.
Data over the Internet and other websites
The Internet is a global network and, therefore, there are times when data about you travels globally and may not
always be completely secure. If you provide us with data over the Internet, this will be at your own risk. By using
the Website, you agree and authorize us to process data in this way. However, please be assured that we use
commercially reasonable procedures and security features to prevent unauthorized access to data about you.
Where the Website contains links to third party websites, please note that these have been included for convenience
only. Neither MerchDirect nor any of its affiliated companies controls the content of any linked site and any personal
data collected by such sites will be subject to the privacy policy of the third party operating that site. Please read
any such third party’s policy carefully before providing any personal data on such websites.
We sometimes may offer content (e.g., competitions, sweepstakes, or promotions) sponsored by or co-branded with
identified third parties. By virtue of these relationships, the third parties may obtain personally identifiable
information that you voluntarily submit to participate in the Website activity. We are not responsible for and have no
control over these third parties' use of this information. However, we will notify you at the time of requesting
personally identifiable information if these third parties will obtain such information.
We may use third parties to present or serve the advertisements that you may see on the Website. This Privacy Policy
does not cover any use of data that a third party ad server may have collected from you.
Offensive or inappropriate content
If you post or send offensive, inappropriate or objectionable content anywhere on or to the Website, or otherwise
engage in any disruptive behavior on the Website, we may use the personal data we hold about you to stop such
behavior. Where we reasonably believe that you are or may be in breach of any applicable laws (for example, but
without limitation, content you have posted may be defamatory), we may use the personal data we hold to inform
relevant third parties such as your employer, school. email/Internet provider, or law enforcement agencies about the
content and your behavior.
Legal disclaimer
We are not responsible nor will be liable to you in any way for events beyond our direct control. Because of the
complex and constantly changing nature of our technology and business, we cannot guarantee nor do we represent that
our performance will be error free, and to the maximum extent permitted by law we will not be liable for any direct,
indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages or other loss suffered by you and relating to the use or
release of your personal data.
How long we will hold personal data about you
We will hold personal data about you on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant service, or as long
as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with MerchDirect, subject to any applicable laws and/or regulations.
In the case that you wish to cancel your registration as a member of the Website once an account is deleted, people
cannot use the personal data about you other than for administrative purposes, but it stays on the system for a period
of one year for administration purposes before being deleted.
Where you contribute to the Website, we will generally only keep your content for as long as is reasonably required
for the purpose(s) for which it was submitted.
Further Information; How to contact us
If you have questions about personal data relating to you, or our privacy policy, or wish to change or update data we
hold about you, please contact us by clicking here:
http://help.merchdirect.com/customer/portal/emails/new.
You can also write us at:
MerchDirect
54 Drexel Dr.
Bay Shore, NY 11706