https://next.merchdirect.com/terms?domain=savestheday.merchdirect.com
MerchDirect Terms and Conditions
Terms of Use | Terms of Sale
WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
Last Updated on June 21, 2017
PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY. This is a binding contract between you and MerchDirect LLC, a
New York limited liability company and its subsidiary companies (collectively “MerchDirect”, “we”, or “us”). This
website located at www.merchdirect.com, its affiliate sites, subdomains,
mobile versions, and any associated applications (collectively, the “Website”) is a service offered by MerchDirect.
These Terms and Conditions of Use Agreement (“Terms of Use” or “Agreement”) describes the legally binding terms and
conditions applicable to your access and use of the Website whether accessed via the internet, wirelessly or through
any other method. You accept this Agreement by using the Website or accessing any content available on or through
the Website, including software applications, designs, text, graphics, pictures, information, and other files and
their selection, coordination and arrangement (the “Content”). If you are under the age of 18 (or older in some
jurisdictions, if the age of Majority is older) and would like to view any Content or otherwise use the Website,
your parent or guardian must accept this Agreement on your behalf. The use of “you” or “your” in this Agreement
refers to either you as the actual person using the Website, or you as the parent or guardian of someone under the
age of Majority using the Website.
MerchDirect reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change this Agreement at any time by posting the revised
Terms of Use on the Website. You are encouraged to review this Agreement periodically for any changes. You agree
that your use of the Website after such changes will constitute your acceptance of such changes. Changes to this
Agreement will not be applied retroactively. For your convenience, the date of last revision is included at the top
of this page. MerchDirect may make changes to the Website and/or the services described on the Website at any time.
You agree that MerchDirect shall not be liable to you for any delay or other damages that might result from any
changes to the Terms of Use, if any. You understand that MerchDirect may, in its sole discretion, deny, restrict,
suspend, or terminate your use of the Website for any reason or no reason with or without prior notice or
explanation, and without liability. We expressly reserve the right to remove your profile, account and/or other
information and/or deny, restrict, suspend, or terminate your access to all or any part of the Website if we
determine, in our sole discretion, that you have violated this Agreement or pose a threat to the Website and/or its
users. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT AND AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOU ARE NOT PERMITTED TO VIEW OR OTHERWISE
USE THE WEBSITE OR THE CONTENT.
TERM. This Agreement, and any posted revision to this Agreement, shall remain in full force and
effect while you use the Website. You may terminate your account, if any, at any time, for any reason, by following
the instructions on the Website. We may terminate your account, if any, at any time, for any or no reason, with or
without prior notice or explanation, and without liability. Upon such termination, you must immediately discontinue
use of the Website, and MerchDirect shall in no way be responsible to you for such termination. Even after your
account is terminated, this Agreement will remain in effect.
PROPRIETARY RIGHTS. The Website and the Content are the sole and exclusive property of MerchDirect
and/or its licensors. You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell, modify, republish, display,
transmit or exploit for any purpose, in any form or by any means, in whole or in part, any portion of the Website or
the Content other than as expressly authorized by MerchDirect in writing. You hereby acknowledge and agree that, as
between MerchDirect and you, all right, title, and interest in and to the Website and the Content, including without
limitation any patent rights, patents, business methods, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, inventions,
know-how, and all other intellectual property rights pertaining thereto, shall be owned exclusively by MerchDirect.
Use of the Website or the Content in any way not expressly permitted by this Agreement is prohibited, and may be
actionable under United States or international law.
PERMITTED USES. So long as you agree and comply with the terms of this Agreement, and unless this
Agreement is otherwise terminated by MerchDirect, MerchDirect grants you a limited license to access and use the
Website and the Content and to download or print a copy of any portion of the Content to which you have properly
gained access solely for your personal, non-commercial use; provided, however, that you may not duplicate, publish,
modify, distribute, perform or create derivative works from any part of the Website or the Content unless expressly
authorized by MerchDirect in writing. Such license is subject to these Terms of Use and does not permit use of any
data mining, robots, scraping or similar data gathering or extraction methods. You agree that you will not remove or
modify any acknowledgements, credits or legal notices contained on the Website or in the Content. Special terms may
apply to some products or services offered on the Website and may be posted in connection with the applicable
product, service, feature or activity. Any such terms are in addition to this Agreement and, in the event of a
conflict, any such terms shall prevail. Except for your own User Content (as defined below), you may not upload or
republish the Content on any Internet, Intranet or Extranet site or incorporate the information in any other
database or compilation, and any other use of the Content is strictly prohibited. Any use of the Website or the
Content other than as specifically authorized herein, without the prior written permission of MerchDirect, is
strictly prohibited and will terminate the license granted herein. Such unauthorized use may also violate applicable
laws including copyright and trademark laws and applicable communications regulations and statutes. Unless
explicitly stated herein, nothing in these Terms of Use shall be construed as conferring any license to intellectual
property rights, whether by estoppel, implication or otherwise. This license is revocable at any time without notice
and with or without cause.
ADDITIONAL RESTRICTIONS. You agree not to access the Website by any means other than through a
standard web browser on a computer or mobile device. You further agree that you will not damage, disable,
overburden, or impair the Website or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of it. If MerchDirect makes
software available to you for download, your download and use of such software shall be subject to a separate
license agreement.
USER CONTENT. MerchDirect does not claim any ownership rights in any works of authorship, images,
photos, sounds, musical works, video, files, documents, applications, or any other materials that you submit to the
Website (“User Content”). After directly sending (“submitting”) your User Content to the Website, you continue to
retain any ownership rights that you may have in your User Content, subject to the limited license below. By
submitting any User Content on or through the Website, you hereby grant to MerchDirect a limited license to use,
modify, delete from, add to, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce, and distribute such User Content on or
through the Website, including without limitation distributing part or all of the Website in any media formats and
through any media channels solely for the purposes set forth in these Terms of Use.
The license you grant to MerchDirect is non-exclusive (meaning you are free to license User Content to anyone
else), fully-paid and royalty-free (meaning that MerchDirect is not required to pay you for the use on the Website
of the User Content that you post), sublicensable (so that MerchDirect is able to use its affiliates,
subcontractors and other partners such as Internet content delivery networks and wireless carriers to provide the
Website’s services), perpetual and worldwide (because the Internet and the Website’s services are global in
reach).
You represent and warrant that: (i) you own the User Content submitted by you on or through the Website or
otherwise have the right to grant the license set forth in this Section, and (ii) submission of User Content on or
through the Website does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights or any
other rights of any person or entity. You agree to pay for all royalties, fees, and any other monies owing any
person or entity by reason of any User Content submitted by you on or through the Website.
The Website performs technical functions necessary to offer the services on the Website, including but not
limited to transcoding and/or reformatting content to allow its use throughout the Website.
MerchDirect may reject, refuse to post or delete any User Content for any or no reason, including User Content
that in the sole judgment of MerchDirect violates this Agreement or which may be offensive, illegal or violate the
rights of any person or entity, or harm or threaten the safety of any person or entity. MerchDirect assumes no
responsibility for monitoring the Website for inappropriate User Content or conduct. If at any time MerchDirect
chooses, in its sole discretion, to monitor the Website, MerchDirect nonetheless assumes no responsibility for
User Content, no obligation to modify or remove any inappropriate User Content, and no responsibility for the
conduct of the user submitting any such User Content.
You are solely responsible for the User Content that you submit to the Website.
PROHIBITED CONTENT/ACTIVITY. The following are examples of the kind of content that is illegal or
prohibited to submit to the Website. We reserve the right to investigate and take appropriate legal action against
anyone who, in our sole discretion, violates this provision, including without limitation, removing the offending
content from the Website and terminating the account of such violators. Prohibited content includes, but is not
limited to, content that, in the sole discretion of MerchDirect:
is patently offensive and promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or
individual;
harasses or advocates harassment of another person;
exploits people in a sexual or violent manner;
contains nudity, excessive violence, or offensive subject matter or contains a link to an adult website;
solicits personal information;
publicly posts information that poses or creates a privacy or security risk to any person;
constitutes or promotes information that you know is false or misleading or promotes illegal activities or
conduct that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory or libelous;
constitutes or promotes an illegal or unauthorized copy of another person's copyrighted work, such as providing
pirated computer programs or links to them, providing information to circumvent manufacturer-installed
copy-protect devices, or providing pirated music or links to pirated music files;
involves the transmission of "junk mail," "chain letters," or unsolicited mass mailing, instant messaging,
"spimming," or "spamming";
contains restricted or password only access pages or hidden pages or images (those not linked to or from another
accessible page);
furthers or promotes any criminal activity or enterprise or provides instructional information about illegal
activities including, but not limited to making or buying illegal weapons, violating someone's privacy, or
providing or creating computer viruses;
solicits passwords or personal identifying information for commercial or unlawful purposes from other users;
involves commercial activities and/or sales without prior written consent from MerchDirect such as contests,
sweepstakes, barter, advertising, or pyramid schemes;
violates the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, trademark rights, contract rights or any other rights
of any person.
The following are examples of the kind of activity that is illegal or prohibited on the Website. We reserve the
right to investigate and take appropriate legal action against anyone who, in our sole discretion, violates this
provision, including without limitation, reporting you to law enforcement authorities. Prohibited activity includes,
but is not limited to:
criminal or tortious activity, including child pornography, fraud, trafficking in obscene material, drug
dealing, gambling, harassment, stalking, spamming, spimming, sending of viruses or other harmful files, copyright
infringement, patent infringement, or theft of trade secrets;
advertising to, or solicitation of, any User, without the written consent of MerchDirect to buy or sell any
products or services through the unauthorized or impermissible use of the Website;
circumventing or modifying, attempting to circumvent or modify, or encouraging or assisting any other person in
circumventing or modifying any security technology or software that is part of the Website;
activity that involves the use of viruses, bots, worms, or any other computer code, files or programs that
interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware, or otherwise permit the
unauthorized use of or access to a computer or a computer network;
covering or obscuring the banner advertisements on any page on the Website via HTML/CSS or any other means;
any automated use of the system, such as, but not limited to, using scripts to submit information or send
comments or messages;
interfering with, disrupting, or creating an undue burden on the Website or the networks or services connected
to the Website;
impersonating or attempting to impersonate another user, person or entity;
using the account, username, or password of another user at any time or disclosing your password to any third
party or permitting any third party to access your account;
selling or otherwise transferring your account;
using any information obtained from the Website in order to harass, abuse, or harm another person or entity, or
attempting to do the same;
accepting payment or anything of value from a third person in exchange for your performing any commercial
activity through the unauthorized or impermissible use of the Website on behalf of that person; or
using the Website in a manner inconsistent with any and all applicable laws and regulations.
COMMUNICATIONS WITH THIRD PARTIES. Your dealings or communications through the Website with any
party other than MerchDirect are solely between you and that third party. We reserve the right, although we have no
obligation, to monitor disputes between you and other users and to take any action that we feel may be appropriate
in our sole discretion, consistent with the terms of this Agreement, including termination of the account of one or
more users. Notwithstanding the foregoing, under no circumstances will MerchDirect be liable for any goods,
services, resources or content available through such third party dealings or communications, or for any harm
related thereto.
ELIGIBILITY. By using the Website, you represent and warrant that (a) you have the right,
authority and capacity to enter into this Agreement and to abide by all of the terms and conditions of this
Agreement; (b) all registration information you submit, if any, is truthful and accurate; (c) you will maintain the
accuracy of such information; (d) you are a natural person of the age of Majority or older, or otherwise have the
express consent of your parents or legal guardians to use the Website; and (e) your use of the Website does not
violate any applicable law or regulation. Use of the Website is void where prohibited.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES. The Website may contain links to websites operated by other parties.
MerchDirect provides these links to other websites as a convenience, and use of these sites is at your own risk. The
linked sites are not under the control of MerchDirect, and MerchDirect is not responsible for the content available
on the other sites. Such links do not imply MerchDirect’s endorsement of information or material on any other site
and MerchDirect disclaims all liability with regard to your access to and use of such linked websites.
LINKS TO THIS WEBSITE. You may not link to any page of the Website, other than the Website
homepage. If you link to the Website homepage, you must adhere to MerchDirect’s linking policy as follows: (a) the
appearance, position and other aspects of the link may not be such as to damage or dilute the goodwill associated
with MerchDirect’s names and trademarks, (b) the appearance, position and other attributes of the link may not
create the false appearance that your organization or entity is sponsored by, affiliated with, or associated with
MerchDirect, (c) when selected by a user, the link must display the Website on full-screen and not within a “frame”
on the linking website, and (d) MerchDirect reserves the right to revoke its consent to the link at any time and in
its sole discretion.
TRADEMARKS. Unauthorized use of any MerchDirect trademark, service mark or logo are prohibited,
and may be a violation of federal and state trademark laws.
DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. THE WEBSITE, ALL CONTENT ON THE WEBSITE, AND ANY GOODS
OFFERED OR SOLD THROUGH THE WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN “AS IS” “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
KIND EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. MERCHDIRECT MAKES NO WARRANTY AS TO THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR
RELIABILITY OF ANY CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE WEBSITE. WE CANNOT GUARANTEE AND DO NOT PROMISE ANY SPECIFIC
RESULTS FROM USE OF THE WEBSITE. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM US OR FROM
OR THROUGH THE WEBSITE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED HEREIN. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR VERIFYING ANY
INFORMATION BEFORE RELYING ON IT. USE OF THE WEBSITE AND THE CONTENT AVAILABLE ON THE WEBSITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
MERCHDIRECT MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES THAT USE OF THE WEBSITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. YOU
ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR TAKING ALL NECESSARY PRECAUTIONS TO ENSURE THAT ANY CONTENT YOU MAY OBTAIN FROM THE WEBSITE IS
FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL CODE. WE ASSUME NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DELETION,
DEFECT, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, COMMUNICATIONS LINE FAILURE, THEFT OR DESTRUCTION OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS
TO OR ALTERATION OF USER COMMUNICATIONS. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY PROBLEMS OR TECHNICAL MALFUNCTION OF ANY
TELEPHONE NETWORK OR LINES, COMPUTER ONLINE SYSTEMS, SERVERS OR PROVIDERS, COMPUTER EQUIPMENT, SOFTWARE, FAILURE OF
EMAIL OR PLAYERS ON ACCOUNT OF TECHNICAL PROBLEMS OR TRAFFIC CONGESTION ON THE INTERNET OR AT ANY WEBSITE OR
COMBINATION THEREOF. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY INJURY OR DAMAGE TO ANY COMPUTER EQUIPMENT BELONGING TO ANY USER
OF THE WEBSITE OR ANY OTHER PERSON RELATED TO OR RESULTING FROM USE OF THE WEBSITE, VIEWING, PLAYING OR DOWNLOADING
ANY MATERIALS ON OR FROM THE WEBSITE.
WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY USER CONTENT OR ANY OTHER THIRD PARTY CONTENT SUBMITTED TO THE WEBSITE, WHETHER MADE
OR CAUSED BY USERS OF THE WEBSITE OR BY ANY OF THE SOFTWARE, EQUIPMENT OR PROGRAMMING ASSOCIATED WITH OR UTILIZED IN
THE OPERATION OF THE WEBSITE. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONDUCT, WHETHER ONLINE OR OFFLINE, OF ANY USER OF THE
WEBSITE. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL WE BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LOSS, LIABILITY OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING PERSONAL INJURY
OR DEATH OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, RESULTING FROM OR ARISING OUT OF ANYONE'S USE OF THE WEBSITE, ANY CONTENT SUBMITTED TO
THE WEBSITE OR TRANSMITTED TO USERS OR ANY INTERACTIONS BETWEEN OR AMONG USERS OF THE WEBSITE, WHETHER ONLINE OR
OFFLINE.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, MERCHDIRECT DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, AND FURTHER DISCLAIMS ALL LOSSES, INCLUDING WITHOUT
LIMITATION INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR SPECIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH
ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE WEBSITE, THE CONTENT, OR THE GOODS OFFERED OR SOLD THROUGH THE WEBSITE, EVEN IF MERCHDIRECT
HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, MERCHDIRECT’S AGGREGATE
LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE, OR THE GOODS OFFERED OR SOLD
THROUGH THE WEBSITE, SHALL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU TO MERCHDIRECT DURING THE SIX (6) MONTHS PRIOR TO THE
DATE THE APPLICABLE CAUSE OF ACTION AROSE.
EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or
the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages. Accordingly, some of the above
limitations may not apply to you.
INDEMNITY. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold MerchDirect, its subsidiaries, and affiliates,
and their respective officers, directors, members, managers, agents, representatives, partners and employees,
harmless from any loss, liability, claim, or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, related to or arising out
of your use of the Website (including the submission by you of any User Content), breach of this Agreement, and or
violation of any law or the rights of a third party.
COPYRIGHT. The Website is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. Except for your use
as authorized above, you may not modify, reproduce or distribute the content, design or layout of the Website, or
individual sections of the content, design or layout of the Website, without MerchDirect’s express prior written
permission.
MerchDirect has a policy of responding to notices of alleged infringement on the Website that comply with the
Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA), which may include removing material claimed to be the subject of infringing
activity. If MerchDirect removes material to comply with the DMCA (“Removed Content”), we will attempt to contact
the provider of such Removed Content to enable them to make a counter notification pursuant to sections 512(g)(2)
and (3) of that DMCA. Please note that you will be liable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) if you
materially misrepresent that a product or activity is infringing your copyrights. We will terminate the accounts of
any users and/or block access to the Website of any users who repeatedly infringe the copyrights of others.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) - Infringement Notification
To file a notice of infringement, you must provide us with a written notice that includes each of the following
items:
Detailed identification of the copyrighted work that you believe has been infringed.
Detailed identification of the material you claim infringes this copyrighted work.
Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact you (e-mail address is preferred).
The statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the
allegedly infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law. I swear, under
penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."
Your signature
Send the Infringement Notification to the following address:
By email:
legal@merchdirect.com
By mail:
MerchDirect
54 Drexel Dr.
Bay Shore, NY 11706
Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) - Counter Notification
The provider of Removed Content may make a counter notification pursuant to sections 512(g)(2) and (3) of the
Digital Millennium Copyright Act. When we receive a counter notification, we will reinstate the Removed Content.
Please note that you will be liable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) if you materially misrepresent
that a product or activity is not infringing the copyrights of others.
To file a counter notification, you must provide us with a written notice that includes each of the following
items:
Detailed identification of the material MerchDirect has removed.
Your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of
Federal District Court for the judicial district in which your address is located (or New York, New York if your
address is outside of the United States), and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided
notification under subsection (c)(1)(C) or an agent of such person.
The statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that I have a good faith belief that each search result or
message identified above was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to
be removed or disabled."
Your signature.
Send the Counter Notification to the following address:
By email:
legal@merchdirect.com
By mail:
MerchDirect
54 Drexel Dr.
Bay Shore, NY 11706
Foreign Counter-Notification: If you reside outside of the United States, please
understand that filing a counter-notice may lead to legal proceedings between you and the complaining party to
determine ownership. Be aware that there may be adverse legal consequences in your country and/or the United States
of America if you make a false or bad faith allegation by using this process. Please also be advised that we enforce
a policy that provides for the termination in appropriate circumstances of access privileges for Users who are
infringers. So, if you are not sure whether content you posted on the Website is being infringed, or are otherwise
unsure of whether to file a counter-notification using these procedures, we strongly recommend you first contact a
lawyer knowledgeable in the laws of the United States and the State of New York. If you do wish to file a
counter-notice, you should follow the process set forth above under the heading “Digital Millennium Copyright Act
(DMCA) - Counter Notification.”
If you are the owner of any intellectual property other than copyrighted materials (such as, for example, a
trademark), or an agent thereof, and believe that any item of content or other materials on the Website infringes
upon your rights in such intellectually property, you must submit a notification to us in the same manner as
provided above in respect of notice of alleged copyright infringement, including providing the same information in
writing to the designated Copyright Agent set forth above.
DISCLAIMER: WE ARE NOT YOUR ATTORNEYS, AND THE INFORMATION WE PRESENT HERE IS NOT LEGAL ADVICE. WE PRESENT THIS
INFORMATION FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY.
LOCATION. The Website is operated by MerchDirect from its offices in the United States. Those who
choose to access the Website from locations outside the United States do so on their own initiative and are
responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.
CHILDREN. The Website is not directed toward children under 13 years of age nor does MerchDirect
knowingly collect information from children under 13. If you are under 13, please do not submit any personally
identifiable information to MerchDirect.
PRIVACY POLICY. By agreeing to these Terms of Use, you acknowledge that MerchDirect may collect,
use and disclose information about you as described in
MerchDirect’s Privacy Policy.
ACCOUNT PASSWORD AND SECURITY. The Website may contain some features that require registration. If
asked to register for additional access, you may select a username and password to be used in conjunction with your
account. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password, and are fully responsible for all
uses of your password, whether by you or others. You agree to (a) log out of your account at the end of each
session; (b) keep your password confidential and not share it with anyone else; and (c) immediately notify
MerchDirect of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security. MerchDirect
reserves the right to decline its services to you for any reason and without explanation based upon its findings in
validating your registration. MerchDirect cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your
failure to comply with the terms of this paragraph.
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL AND FINANCIAL INFORMATION. Without limitation of any of the rights granted
to MerchDirect herein, you acknowledge and agree that MerchDirect may preserve and disclose information about you,
your account and transactions made through the Website if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that
such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce MerchDirect’s
rights; or (c) protect the rights, property, or safety of MerchDirect, any individual or the public. You consent to
being contacted by MerchDirect for purposes of seeking feedback to ensure and evaluate the quality of its services.
CHOICE OF LAW/FORUM. This Agreement shall be governed by, and will be construed under, the laws of
the State of New York, without regard to choice of law principles. Those who choose to access the Website from
locations outside of the United States do so on their own initiative, and are responsible for compliance with local
laws if and to the extent local laws are applicable. You irrevocably agree to the exclusive jurisdiction by the
federal and state courts located in the County of New York, in the State of New York, to settle any dispute which
may arise out of, under, or in connection with this Agreement. YOU AGREE THAT NO CLAIM ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT
OR YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE MAY BE BROUGHT AS A CLASS ACTION.
FORCE MAJEURE. MerchDirect shall not be liable for any delay or failure to perform resulting from
causes outside the reasonable control of MerchDirect, including without limitation any failure to perform hereunder
due to unforeseen circumstances or causes beyond MerchDirect’s control such as acts of God, fire, flood, earthquake,
accidents, strikes, war, terrorism, governmental act, failure of common carriers (including Internet service
providers and web hosting providers), or shortages of transportation facilities, fuel, energy, labor or materials.
MISCELLANEOUS. There is no agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer or
franchisor-franchisee relationship between you and us or between us and any other user of the Website. If any
provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be struck and the remaining
provisions shall be enforced. Headings are for reference purposes only and in no way define, limit, construe or
describe the scope or extent of such section. MerchDirect’s failure to act with respect to any failure by you or
others to comply with this Agreement does not waive MerchDirect’s right to act with respect to subsequent or similar
failures. This Agreement, together with our
Privacy Policy, sets forth the entire understanding
and agreement between you and MerchDirect with respect to the subject matter hereof; provided, however, that it
shall be read in conjunction with any MerchDirect user agreement(s) entered into by you. Any cause of action or
claim you may have with respect to this Agreement or the Website must be commenced within six (6) months after the
claim or cause of action arises or such claim or cause of action shall be barred. You may not assign or transfer
your rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of MerchDirect, and any assignment
or transfer in violation of this provision shall be null and void. MerchDirect reserves the right to seek all
remedies available at law and in equity for violations of this Agreement and/or the rules and regulations set forth
on the Website, including without limitation the right to block access from a particular internet address.
CONTACT. Please direct any questions you may have about the Website or this Agreement here:
http://help.merchdirect.com/customer/portal/emails/new.
You can also write us at:
MerchDirect
54 Drexel Dr.
Bay Shore, NY 11706
Terms of Use
TERMS OF SALE
Last Updated on June 21, 2017
The shopping cart and checkout pages (the “Store”) located on this website (the “Website”) and the Store
functionality and transaction processing services are services offered by MerchDirect LLC (“MerchDirect,” “we” or
“our”). Your access to and use of the Store, including, without limitation, your purchase of any goods or services
through the Store and all transactions facilitated by MerchDirect through the Store, are subject to these Terms of
Sale and the Terms and Conditions of Use Agreement applicable to this Website.
You accept these Terms of Sale by using the Store or accessing any content available on or through the Store.
MerchDirect reserves the right to change these Terms of Sale at any time in its sole discretion. Customers are
encouraged to review these terms periodically for any changes.
We do not collect personal information on anyone younger than 13 years old. Therefore, you must be 13 years of age
or older to make any purchase from the Store. If you are at least 13 years of age but under the age of 18 (or older
in some jurisdictions, if the age of Majority is older) and you would like to make a purchase from the Store or
otherwise use the Store, you may do so only with the involvement of your parent or guardian who must accept these
Terms of Sale on your behalf.
The use of “you” or “your” in these Terms of Sale refers to either (a) you as the actual person using the Store and
making purchases, or (b) you as the parent or guardian of someone under the age of Majority, but at least 13 years
old, who is using the Store, where you are making any purchases for that person who is using the Store.
Contacting Customer Service
How to Pay
Security
Sales Tax
Order Confirmation
Processing an Order
How to Change Your Order
Digital Downloads – Certain Additional Terms
Shipping Policy
Advance Orders
Promotional E-Mail
Returns Policy
Returns and Exchange Instructions
Other Terms and Conditions
Contacting Customer Service
If you have questions about how the Store works or you have any other questions, you may be able to find an
answer right away by visiting http://help.merchdirect.com.
Alternatively, you can contact Customer Service for assistance by e-mail at
http://help.merchdirect.com/customer/portal/emails/new.
We will respond to customer e-mail inquiries in the order they are received. You may be referred to an affiliate
or other third party for purposes of customer support.
How to Pay
MerchDirect accepts MasterCard, Visa and American Express credit cards. Your credit card will be charged when
your order is placed. We may require the credit card security code in order to process your purchases to protect
against fraud. The security code is an individual three- or four-digit number specific to your card that may be
printed on the face of your card above the embossed account number (if American Express) or near your signature on
the back of your card (if MasterCard or Visa).
Security
MerchDirect is very sensitive to your concerns regarding the security of using your credit cards to purchase
products over the Internet. Safeguarding your privacy and confidentiality is of the utmost importance to us. The
Store uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) for financial transactions, which encrypts your data while it is being
transferred over the Internet.
Sales Tax
In addition to the price of your purchases, MerchDirect will charge you sales tax in states in which MerchDirect
is required to do so. The amount of sales tax (if any) will be calculated on taxable product and displayed during
the checkout process before you confirm your purchase. It also will be included on your order confirmation.
Order Confirmation
Shortly after you complete your order, you should receive an order confirmation by e-mail, which will include
your order confirmation number, your total order price (including any applicable sales tax and shipping and
handling charges) and, if applicable, estimated shipment and arrival dates. If for some reason you do not receive
an order confirmation, please contact us by clicking here
http://help.merchdirect.com. Please save your order confirmation number
and refer to it if you need to contact Customer Service.
Your receipt of an order confirmation does not constitute our acceptance of your order. We reserve the right to
limit the quantity of products in any order and/or reject any order in its entirety for any reason.
Processing an Order
The estimated shipment date on your order confirmation is based on product availability, payment processing time
and warehouse processing time. The estimated shipment date does not include transit time. Upon shipment of your
order, you should receive a shipment notification by e-mail and, if available, tracking information.
We will attempt to notify you by e-mail if any item cannot be shipped by the estimated ship date included in your
order confirmation and you will be given the option to cancel your order and receive a full refund. We will begin
processing orders received over the weekend or on holidays on the following business day.
How to Change Your Order
We will make every effort to process your order quickly. If you find that you have made an incorrect order for
physical products, please notify us immediately by clicking here
http://help.merchdirect.com. If your order has not yet been shipped, we
may be able to change it for you. However, if we are unable to do so, you may wish to refer below to our
Returns Policy.
Digital Downloads – Certain Additional Terms
When you buy a song, an album, a video or other product by digital download, you are entitled to download it
once. If you want to download it again, you must purchase it again.
Tickets – Certain Additional Terms
Each ticket that you purchase from the Store is a revocable license to attend a particular event and is subject
to these terms as well as any specific terms and conditions applicable to the particular event that is listed on
the ticket, and specific event/ticket restrictions noted herein. Tickets for events are typically sold through a
variety of locations in addition to the Store. Typically each distribution point accesses the same ticket
inventory and system, however it is possible that a venue may have several distribution points, including online,
and that some distribution points (such as the venue itself) may have access to different tickets. There are
typically limits on the number of tickets that you may purchase for any event. Please remember that tickets for
popular events often sell out quickly, but that on occasion additional tickets may be put on sale for events that
were once listed as sold out. MerchDirect does not control ticket inventory or availability. Ticket purchases must
be paid in full at the time of purchase, unless otherwise provided, and are nonrefundable. Unless otherwise stated
as part of the purchase, any tickets purchased through the Store are typically subject to a per-ticket convenience
charge and a non-refundable per order processing and/or delivery fee. Depending on the venue, the ticketing
company and your delivery choice, delivery charges may also apply. Tickets will be available online, mailed to
you, or available to be picked up at the venue box office, as indicated at the time of purchase. Certain events
may have restricted delivery options. Shipping information, if any, is provided at checkout. MerchDirect reserves
the right to refuse to complete a transaction, refuse service, and/or cancel an order for reasons such as
suspected credit card fraud, violation of terms, ticket limits, or any other reason. Orders are processed only
after a billing address, and/or other billing information, has been verified. If we receive incorrect billing or
credit card account information for a ticket order, there may be a delay in processing and delivery. In such
event, we will attempt to contact you using the information provided at the time of purchase. If we are unable to
reach you after its initial attempt, we may cancel your order and release your tickets without further notice or
attempted notice to you. Information sent to the email address you provide may be deemed to be delivered to you,
regardless whether you check your email, provide an incorrect address, or if the message is marked as “spam.”
Please review your tickets carefully, including date and location of the event and your seat selection, before
completing your transaction. Keep your tickets in a safe place, as tickets cannot be exchanged or refunded even if
lost, stolen, damaged or destroyed. Events are subject to cancellation or postponement for a variety of reasons.
If an event is cancelled or rescheduled, we will try to contact you to let you know about the refund or exchange
procedures for that event. If an opening act or guest artist is changed or cancelled, the event is not considered
cancelled and you will not be entitled to a refund or exchange. In the event you are entitled to a refund and you
have requested a refund, MerchDirect will automatically issue you a refund to the credit card you used to purchase
the ticket. If you are unable to attend a rescheduled event, please contact us by clicking here:
http://help.merchdirect.com/customer/portal/emails/new.
You should ensure that your computer meets the minimum technical requirements set forth in the FAQs available at
http://help.merchdirect.com. You may be required to install third party
software to access some or all of the products or services available from the Store. You are responsible for
ensuring that the software functions correctly with the relevant product or service. Additional terms and
conditions provided by the software supplier may apply to your use of the software.
Shipping Policy
When you place an order, shipping costs and estimated shipping and arrival dates are displayed prior to final
confirmation of your order. Shipping dates and shipping costs will depend upon a variety of factors, including the
particular product(s) ordered, the availability of the product(s), and the shipping method and option you choose.
You will receive a shipment notification e-mail for each order with tracking information, if available.
MerchDirect is not responsible for failure of delivery or any losses incurred as a result of your failure to
provide an accurate address.
If you have specific questions about our shipping policy, please contact us by clicking here
http://help.merchdirect.com/customer/portal/emails/new.
Advance Orders
Advanced pre-release ordering may be available for select products. These products have an “Advance Order” or
“Pre-Order” icon or are otherwise identified as products available for pre-release ordering. These products will
not be delivered before the release date specified. Advance order release dates are subject to change without
notice. Occasionally, certain products offered on a pre-order basis may not be available before or after you place
your order due to unforeseen circumstances. In such event, you will be given a full refund for any such
pre-ordered product.
Promotional E-mail
We may contact you from time to time by e-mail with information about artists and new products and services that
we think may interest you. Our Privacy Policy
includes details about how we may share and use information about you within MerchDirect and with artists and
management. If you do not want to receive promotional e-mail about new products and services from MerchDirect or
artists and management, then you should check the box that reads “If you prefer not to receive promotional e-mails
from us or our affiliates or artists, then please check here” (or similar language), when we first request your
e-mail address at the time of purchase. If for some reason you forget to do this, you can request that we remove
you from our e-mail list at any time by contacting us using this link:
http://help.merchdirect.com/customer/portal/emails/new.
Returns Policy
General Policy
If you are not satisfied with your purchase of physical goods, items may be returned with their original
packaging and in their original condition for refund or exchange within 30 days of receipt by following the
Returns and Exchange Instructions below. Apparel items must be
unworn with their tags intact. CDs, DVDs, vinyl records and other music products must be unopened and still in
their plastic wrap. Certain other product-specific restrictions may apply, which will be displayed prior to
completion of your order of the applicable product.
Unless you are returning Defective Items, original shipping and handling charges are not refundable and you will
be responsible for all costs associated with return shipment. Please read our entire
Returns Policy and
Returns and Exchange Instructions below for further details and
policy exceptions.
Defective Items
If you have received damaged, defective or incorrectly shipped merchandise, please return the product within 30
days of receipt and otherwise follow the
Returns and Exchange Instructions below. We will gladly replace
the merchandise without additional charge or, at our option, provide you with a full refund.
Gifts
If your order is a gift order and the gift recipient wishes to return or exchange any physical goods, the gift
recipient may return the items with their original packaging and in their original condition within 30 days of
receipt from MerchDirect by following the
Returns and Exchange Instructions below. Apparel items must be
unworn with their original tags intact. CDs, DVDs, vinyl records and other music products must be unopened and
still in their plastic wrap. Certain other product-specific restrictions may apply, which will be displayed prior
to completion of the purchaser’s order of the applicable product.
Unless you are returning Defective Items, upon our receipt of the returned
product, we will credit the credit card account originally charged for the cost of the item returned and any
associated sales tax, but original shipping and handling charges are not refundable. The sender will be
responsible for the return shipping costs.
Certain Non-Returnable Products
All sales of digital products are final. MerchDirect does not permit the return of or offer refunds for digital
downloads or other digital products. If you experience technical problems accessing a download, you may be able to
resolve your problem right away by visiting http://help.merchdirect.com.
If you are still having an issue, we are happy to help you troubleshoot the problem. Please contact us by clicking
on
http://help.merchdirect.com/customer/portal/emails/new.
All sales of print-on-demand products and other customized products are final. Unless you have received
Defective Items, MerchDirect does not permit the return of or offer refunds for
these products.
All sales of tickets are final. Unless otherwise provided herein, MerchDirect does not permit the return of or
offer refunds for tickets.
Please note that some products may have special returns policies with product-specific terms, including items
purchased from third-parties through the Store. All such additional or different product-specific terms will be
displayed prior to completion of your order for the applicable product(s).
Returns and Exchange Instructions
We do not accept exchanges. If you would like to return an item, please go here to submit a support request:
http://help.merchdirect.com/customer/portal/emails/new.
Be sure to include your order number, what item you would like to return, and the reason for the return. Your
return will be processed within 1 week of arrival to Merch Direct. Please feel free to contact us with your order
number to know the status of your return.
All items must be returned within 14 days for domestic orders, and 30 days for international orders. Returns must
be in a re-salable condition (unwashed, unworn, and odor-free). All sales are final for underwear, socks, CDs,
DVDs, vinyl and all other shrink-wrapped items unless otherwise noted.
Returns may be sent to:
MerchDirect
54 Drexel Dr.
Bay Shore, NY 11706
Please note that you will be responsible for the loss or damage in transit of any products you return.
MerchDirect therefore recommends that for all returns you (a) use a mail service or other carrier that offers
tracking and (b) insure your package and declare the full value of the shipment in the case of loss or damage in
transit.
Please note that we ask that the customer cover the cost of the return.
No COD returns will be accepted.
Product and Service Descriptions and Availability, Errors
MerchDirect and its suppliers continually upgrade and revise its products and services to provide you with new
products and services. MerchDirect may revise, discontinue or modify products or services at any time without
prior notice to customers, and products or services may become unavailable without notice. MerchDirect shall have
no liability of any kind if a product or service that has been ordered is unavailable. If necessary, MerchDirect
reserves the right to substitute items of equal or greater value when an item or service is unavailable or
MerchDirect may cancel the order.
We attempt to be as accurate as possible and eliminate errors on the Website, however we do not warrant that any
product, service or description, photograph, pricing or other information is accurate, complete, reliable,
current, or error-free. In the event of an error, whether on the Website, in an order confirmation, in processing
an order, delivering a product or service or otherwise, we reserve the right to correct such error and revise your
order accordingly if necessary (including charging the correct price) or to cancel the order and refund any amount
charged. In addition, we may, in lieu of a refund as provided in this paragraph, opt to provide you with a
merchandise or service credit, with a value at least equal to the amount charged to your credit card. MerchDirect
reserves the right to determine and modify from time to time the exact nature of any such merchandise or service
credit, including conversion into one or more different types of merchandise or service credits. Your sole remedy
in the event of such error is to cancel your order and obtain a refund or credit as set forth above. To request a
refund, please contact us by clicking on
http://help.merchdirect.com/customer/portal/emails/new.
Terms of Use | Terms of
Sale