https://nfcb.org/privacy/
Sign in to Solution Center
About
Programs
Community Counts Initiative
Circle of Engagement
Newsletter
Events
Consulting
NFCB Podcast
Jobs
Join
Newsletter
Monthly Newsletter
Weekly Updates
Email:
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Tweets by NFCB
Privacy Policy
Effective: August 13, 2019
The National Federation of Community Broadcasters, including any affiliates and subsidiaries (“NFCB,” “we,” “us,” “our”) values the trust you place in us when you use NFCB’s website or online tools and services (collectively, our “Website”), and we are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to both our website and our membership program.
BY USING OUR SERVICES AND/OR REGISTERING WITH US, YOU ARE ACCEPTING THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, AND YOU ARE CONSENTING TO OUR COLLECTION, USE, DISCLOSURE, AND PROTECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT PROVIDE THE INFORMATION WE REQUIRE, WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO PROVIDE ALL OF OUR SERVICES TO YOU.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party Websites and mobile applications that may link to the Website, or be linked to on the Website. We are not responsible for the actions and privacy policies of third-party Websites and applications; please consult these Websites and applications directly to understand their privacy practices.
Introduction
This Notice explains how NFCB collects and processes your Personal Data. Each time you use our Website, the current version of this Notice will apply. Accordingly, whenever you use our Website, you should check the date of this Notice (which appears at the top) and review any changes since the last version. This Notice is applicable to all Website visitors, registered users, and all other users of our Website.
“Personal Data” is any information that enables us to identify you, directly or indirectly, by reference to an identifier such as your name, identification number, location data, online identifier or one or more factors specific to your physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity.
By visiting nfcb.org or related properties (together the “Website”), you acknowledge that you have read and understood the processes and policies referred to in this Notice.
How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Notice, please contact us at membership@nfcb.org.
How we collect personal data
Personal Data that you give us
We may collect and process the following Personal Data:
Contact information, which you provide when corresponding with us by phone, e-mail, mail, or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you participate in discussion boards or other social functions on our Website, and when you report a problem with our Website. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, financial information and/or credit card or debit card information.
Membership information, including your name, contact details such as address, phone number and email address (business or personal), age or job title. Membership information may be provided by you during the registration process, or by your employer on your behalf.
Membership dues payment information, including financial information such as credit/debit card and account numbers used to register or renew your membership.
Purchase information, relating to purchases made by members and non-members of NFCB registrations or other items. Purchase information will include financial information as well as information concerning the content and time of the purchase.
Personal data we collect from you
With regard to each of your visits to the Website, we will automatically collect the following information:
Technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer or device to the Internet, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
Information about your visit, including the pages you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), the methods used to browse away from the page, and any phone number used to call our customer service number; and,
Location information
Personal Data we collect from others
We may receive information about you from publicly available and third-party databases or services that provide information about business people that we believe will help us identify provide products and services that may be of interest to you. We will obtain your consent before contacting you if required by the law of the country in which you are located.
Non-Personal Data
We collect information that is sent to us automatically by your web browser and we may use this information to generate aggregate statistics about visitors to our Website, including, without limitation:
IP addresses
Browser type and plug-in details
Device type (e.g., desktop, laptop, tablet, phone, etc.)
Operating system
Local time zone
We may use Non-Personal Data for various business purposes, such as providing customer service, fraud prevention, market research, and for improving our Website. Please check your web browser if you want to learn what information your browser sends or how to change your settings.
How we use your Personal Data
Personal Data that you give us
We may use Personal Data that you provide directly to us for the following purposes:
to carry out our obligations arising from your membership, or any other contract entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and membership services that you request from us;
to organize events that you have purchased or registered for, and to provide you with information, and other materials, relating to the content of the event, the speakers, sponsors and other attendees;
to provide our newsletter and other publications, provided you have given your consent;
to respond to your questions and provide related membership services;
to provide you with information about other events, products and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased, provided you have not opted-out of receiving that information;
to provide you (or permit selected third parties to provide you) with information about events, products or services we feel may interest you, provided you have given your consent;
to transfer your information as part of a merger or sale of the business;
to notify you about changes to our membership service; and
to ensure that content from our Website is presented most effectively for you and your computer.
Information we collect about you
We will use Personal Data that we have collected about your use of our Website:
to administer our Website and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to improve our Website to ensure that content is presented most effectively for you and your computer; as part of our efforts to keep our Website safe and secure;
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you; and
to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our Website about goods or services that may interest you or them.
Personal Data we receive from other sources
We will combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We will use this information and the combined Personal Data for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
When we share and who can access your Personal Data
We may share your Personal Data for the purposes described in this Notice with:
a member of our group;
partners, suppliers and sub-contractors, for the performance of obligations arising from your membership, or any other contract we enter into with them or you or to provide you with the information, products and membership services that you request from us;
analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of our Website;
trusted third-party companies and individuals to help us provide, analyze, and improve the Website and our membership services (including but not limited to data storage, maintenance services, database management, web analytics and payment processing);
if NFCB or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case Personal Data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
We will only transfer your Personal Data to trusted third parties who provide sufficient guarantees in respect of the technical and organizational security measures governing the processing to be carried out and who can demonstrate a commitment to compliance with those measures.
Selling your Personal Data
We will never sell your Personal Data to third parties without your opt-in consent.
Security
Although we use security measures to help protect your Personal Data against loss, misuse or unauthorized disclosure, we cannot guarantee the security of information transmitted to us over the Internet.
All information you provide to us is stored on secure servers.
Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology.
Transfer of Personal Data outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and International Users
We are headquartered in the United States. Your Personal Data may be accessed by us or transferred to us in the United States or to our affiliates, partners, merchants, or service providers who are located worldwide. If you are visiting our Website from outside the United States, be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located, and our central database is operated. By using our Service, you consent to any transfer of this information.
Underage Users
Our Website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older. If you are under 13 years of age, do not send us any information about yourself, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. If we discover that we have collected any personally identifying information from a child under the age of 13, we will remove that information from our records as soon as possible.
Links to Third Party Websites and Services
Our Websites may contain links to third-party websites, applications and services not operated by us. These links are provided as a service and do not imply any endorsement by us of the activities or content of these websites, applications or services nor any association with their operators. NFCB is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party, including websites or services directly linked to our Service. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third-party site that you link from our Service.
Your rights
Correction and removal
If any of the information that we have about you is incorrect, or you wish to have information (including Personal Data) removed from our records, you may do so by contacting us at membership@nfcb.org.
Opting Out
Additionally, if you prefer not to receive marketing messages from us, please let us know by clicking on the unsubscribe link within any marketing message that you receive.
If we make any material changes to this Notice or the way we use, share or collect personal Data, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this Notice.
Get NFCB's Monthly Newsletter
Topics Advocacy
College Radio
Content
Digital Strategy
Diversity
Engagement
LPFM
News
Organizational Capacity
Podcast
Profiles
Regulation
Revenue
Tools
Training
Get Weekly Radio Updates
About NFCB
Staff & Board
Contact NFCB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Station Consulting
Solution Center
NFCB Member Map
Syndicate a Show
NFCB Newsletter