https://nlso.org.uk/privacy/
Skip to content
North London Symphony Orchestra
.
North London Symphony Orchestra (“NLSO”), registered charity number 283455, is considered a data controller under the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) with regards to the personal data held for members, extra players (“extras”) who join us from time to time, online ticket purchasers, patrons and mailing list members who have provided positive consent, in order to:
communicate with members and extras
collect subscriptions from members
communicate with and promote our concerts to our patrons
promote our concerts to the members of our mailing list
process online ticket sales
NLSO collects the minimum amount of data required for our purposes and does not hold sensitive personal information, such as date of birth, bank details or credit card details. The NLSO will not use data collected for one purpose (such as an email address required in order to buy a ticket) for another purpose (such as marketing for an upcoming concert) without explicit consent.
Under the GDPR, data subjects have several rights regarding the data held about them, including the right at any time to request the information which is held (right to access), how it is collected and processed (right to be informed), or request for this information to be deleted (right to erasure, commonly known as the right to be forgotten). If you wish to exercise any of your rights please email info@nlso.org.uk and NLSO will promptly take the necessary action.
For more information regarding GDPR and your rights, please visit the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) website at https://ico.org.uk.
Cookies
Please see here for our cookie policy.
Our next concert:
Saturday 14 November 2020
St James Muswell Hill
HUBICKI: Irish Fantasy
SIBELIUS: Violin Concerto
(Soloist: MATHILDE MILWIDSKY)
RIMSKY-KORSAKOV: Scheherazade
More information about our future concerts can be found here.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Our Cookie Policy