https://nsi-canada.ca/privacy-policy/
DONATE
CONTACT US
Search for:
HOME
PROGRAMS
FILM FESTIVAL
ALUMNI
NEWS
PARTNERS
ABOUT
Get Connected
RSS Feed
Twitter
Facebook
Staff
Board of Directors
Supporters
Annual reports
Room rentals
Careers
Policies
Privacy Policy
Training programs
For Privacy Information – Collection, Use and Disclosure of Personal Information for our training programs, please scroll to the bottom of this page.
We are committed to protecting the privacy and security of the users of our sites
This privacy policy will advise you about how we protect your personal information, and about what choices you have concerning our use of such information. Please read this policy carefully. We may need to change this policy from time to time in order to address new issues and reflect changes on our Sites. We will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and whether we will disclose that information to anyone. Please refer back to this policy regularly.
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please send an email to privacy@nsi-canada.ca.
Scope of Privacy Policy
This policy applies to your use of all of the sites and services owned or operated by NSI, and affiliated companies, including companies controlled by NSI (collectively “we,” “us,” or “our”), including NSI and any other site that we may own or operate currently or in the future (collectively, the “Sites”). Unless we say otherwise, all references to the Sites in this policy include all such sites. This policy does not apply to your use of unaffiliated sites to which any of the Sites only link. This policy covers only information collected on the Sites and does not cover any information collected offline by us.
Personal Identification Information
We may request personal identification information from you in connection with your use of, or participation in, membership, registration for contests, games, surveys, forums, subscription registrations, content submissions, chats, bulletin boards, discussion groups, requests for suggestions, visitors’ requests for free products or services or additional information (including via email to us), and in connection with other activities, services or resources we make available on any of our Sites. In all of these cases, we will collect personal identification information from you only if you voluntarily submit such information to us. We will never intentionally disclose any personal identification information about you as an individual user (such as, for example, your full name, street address, telephone number, credit card number or e-mail address) to any third party without having received your permission.
If you do provide us with personal information for any of these activities, we may use it to conduct the activity. We may also use cookie technology (discussed in detail below) to improve your experience of these activities, including to remember your preferences, customize the content and advertisements that you see or authenticate your access to your personal information. In addition, in the event your personally identifiable information is requested as part of our surveys or polls, such personally identifiable information may be added to your registration information).
We may contact you to confirm your registration and about your account status and regarding changes to the Sites’ Terms and Conditions and this Privacy Policy.
We may also use personal identification information for internal or external marketing and promotional purposes. On occasion, for example, we may send you emails to introduce a product or service that we think might be of interest to the users of our Sites. You may choose to “opt-out” at any time, even after you have provided personal information, by following the procedures set forth below at the end of this Privacy Policy.
We have the following exceptions to these policies: We will release specific information about you or your account to comply with any valid legal inquiry or process such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute or court order. We will also release specific information in special cases, such as if there is an attempted breach of the security of the Sites, or a physical or property threat to you or others. We may also transfer user information, including personally identifiable information, in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, the sale of related assets or corporate division or other fundamental corporate change.
Please note that if you give out personal information online —for example, on one of our public forums such as a message board or chat room, folder, chat IM feature — that information can be collected and used by third parties. Although we strive to protect our users’ privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of information you post in these forums. You disclose such information at your own risk.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your information and password. You shall be responsible for all uses of your registration, whether or not authorized by you. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your registration or password.
Non-Personal Identification Information
We collect non-personal identification information through the use of:
“Cookie technology”: A “cookie” is an element of data that a web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system.
Google Analytics captures the following information:
“IP address tracking”: An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer when you are on the Internet. When you request pages from our Sites, our servers log your IP address.
“Web beacons”: A Web beacon, or “clear gif”, is a small graphic image on a webpage or web-based document that a web site can use to determine information about a user.
Non-personal identification information might include the browser you use, the type of computer, technical information about your means of connection to our Site-such as the operating systems and the Internet service providers utilized, and other similar information. Our systems may also automatically gather information about the areas you visit and search terms you utilize on our Sites and about the links you may select from within our Site to other areas of the World Wide Web or elsewhere online.
We may share this aggregate statistical information with our partners, suppliers and other third parties, but we will not share any individual names, personal navigational or other personal information. For example, we may use a third-party advertising company to serve ads when you visit our Sites. We may share demographic and preference information with this company to allow them to display appropriate advertisements for you.
Some of our advertisers may display ads on our Sites which solicit or contain technology to collect information about our users for the advertisers, but we will not permit such advertisers to collect any personal information from our users within our Sites.
Most browsers are set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you do so, please note that some parts of the Sites, such as message boards, chats, contests and game areas, may not function properly.
Privacy of Children
We understand that young people need special safeguards and privacy protection. We realize that they may not understand all the provisions of our policy or be able to make thoughtful decisions about the choices that are made available to our adult users. We strongly urge all parents or guardians to participate in their children’s exploration of the Internet and any online services, and to teach their children about protecting their personal information while online.
The Sites are not directed to children under the age of 13. We prohibit registration by children under the age of 13 for all interactive portions of the Sites including chats and message boards. We will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13.
We may, at our discretion, require users under 18 to obtain the consent of a parent or guardian to view certain content, and we may limit access to certain content to users above a specified age. You agree to abide by any such restrictions, and not to help anyone avoid these restrictions.
Links To Other Sites
Users will find advertising or other content on our Sites that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the contents or links that appear on these sites. In addition, these sites or services, including their contents and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies, or no policy (policies) at all. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third party sites or services before providing any of them with your personal information.
Security Policy
Protecting your privacy and your information is a top priority. We have taken careful measures to secure both your information and our physical premises. We exercise great care in providing safe transmission of your information from your PC to our servers (unless sent by a means outside of our control, such as e-mail).
Access To/Correction of Information
If you would like to review any personal information we have retained about you in our database, please send us an e-mail request for this information at privacy@nsi-canada.ca  To help us address your request, please specify which information you wish to review. Once you have reviewed this information, at your request we will correct personal information about you that you state is erroneous. To request such a correction, please send an email to privacy@nsi-canada.ca  You should be aware, however, that it is not always possible to completely remove or modify information in our databases and servers although we will always make reasonable efforts to do so upon your request.
Choice/Opt-Out
If at any time you would like to stop receiving information from us or opt-out of a feature, you can let us know by sending an email stating your preference to website@nsi-canada.ca  To help us address your request, please specify the feature from which you wish to opt out. You should be aware, however, that it is not always possible to completely remove or modify information in our databases and servers although we will always make reasonable efforts to do so upon your request.
Consent to Transfer
The Sites are operated in Canada. If you are located in the United States, European Union or elsewhere outside of Canada, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to Canada. By using our Web Site, participating in any of our services and/or providing us with your information, you consent to this transfer.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using any of the Sites, you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Sites. Your continued use of the Sites following the posting of changes to these terms will mean that you accept those changes.
Training programs – Privacy Information – Collection, Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
The National Screen Institute – Canada, L’institut national des arts de l’écran – Canada (“NSI”) is a national training school for writers, producers and directors working in film and television.
In order to carry out our training programs, NSI requires the information contained in application forms to process your application. All personal information provided to NSI will be handled in accordance with NSI’s privacy policy. Use of this information will be restricted to the processing of applications and selection of participants for the training program, the promotion of NSI, the promotion of our program participants and their projects (if applicable) to the public including through industry representatives such as broadcasters, producers and distributors and through media sources (including by broadcast and in print materials) and as part of applications to funders, the internet and otherwise. NSI will not otherwise disclose your personal information to third parties with the exception of reports to its funders and where required or permitted to do so by law. NSI may use the personal information provided for the purpose of gathering statistics and reporting its activities to the public, its funders, government agencies and its Board of Directors.
By completing and submitting an application form, you have consented to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information for the purposes specified above.
The National Screen Institute – Canada (NSI) is a charitable, not-for-profit organization. Charitable registration: 103836722 RR0001.
Our office is located on Treaty One Territory – we acknowledge and honour the lands we occupy and their traditional keepers: the Anishnaabe, Cree, Dakota and Metis. We acknowledge the ancestors of this land and commit to honour their vision and uphold our Treaty responsibilities as a settler organization occupying these lands.
Our programs are made possible with your support and with ongoing funding from: Core Funders: Manitoba Sport, Culture and Heritage, the City of Winnipeg through the Winnipeg Arts Council; Benefactors: TELUS, Telefilm Canada; Patrons: Bell Media, CBC; Builder: APTN; Indigenous Training Programs Partner: Directors Guild of Canada; Strategic Sponsors: Super Channel, Corus Entertainment, Blue Ant Media, Manitoba Film & Music, RBC Emerging Artists Project, documentary Channel, Centre for Aboriginal Human Resource Development (CAHRD), Canada Media Fund (CMF), The Winnipeg Foundation; Industry Partner: National Film Board of Canada; Friends: Stantec, William F. White International, Deluxe. nsi-canada.ca operates with ongoing funding from Festival Partner: Telefilm Canada; Supporting Sponsors: Corus Entertainment, Super Channel.
© 2020 National Screen Institute - Canada						Website design and development Tactica InteractiveNSI's Privacy Policy