https://nyco.ca/privacy-policy/
Welcome
4. Ode To Joy
Family Concert 2019
Kara Huber
Jonathan Crow
Gideon Wilk
2017 Winners
Concert Recordings
Order CD
1. Lest We Forget
Prize-Winners’ Gala
2. Prize-Winners’ Gala
3. Around The Americas
Advertisers
2018 Winners
Store
Store Action
Season Calendar
Alex Stein
Gallery
1. The Titans
3. Beethoven’s Birthday Bash
4. Arabian Nights
Privacy Policy
2. Prize-Winners’ Gala
Family Concert
Recording 190602
Payments
Alexander Panizza
2019 Winners
Recording 191102
Recording 200229
Dean Burry
1. Mozart over the years
1. Shakespeare’s 400th
On-line Application Form
2. A Pastoral Holiday Celebration
Concert Planner
Orchestra
3. Brahms’ Double Concerto
4. Mozart’s requiem
Subscriptions 2019-20
Concerto Competition
Family Concert – Kids on Broadway
Support NYCO
Gift Certificates
About NYCO
Contact Us
Ticketing
Login to Site
Season Calendar
1. The Titans
2. Prize-Winners’ Gala
3. Beethoven’s Birthday Bash
4. Arabian Nights
Family Concert
Subscriptions 2019-20
Gift Certificates
Concert Planner
Ticketing
Concert Venues
Services Guide
Patron Information
Mailing List
Gallery
Video
Audio
Photo
Orchestra
Orchestra Members
Info for Musicians
Vacancies
Weather
Concert Recordings
Concerto Competition
2019 Winners
2018 Winners
2017 Winners
Outreach
Educational Programmes
Support NYCO
Donations
Advertisers
About NYCO
Music Director
String Principals
History
Administration
Legal
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: http://nyco.ca.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
Additional information
How we protect your data
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
Season Calendar
Nov 15 – Mozart over the years
Dec 13 – Program to be advised
Jan 31 – Program to be advised
Feb 28 – Program to be advised
Mar 21 – Program to be advised
Apr 25 – Program to be advised
May 30 – Program to be advised
Shopping Cart Shopping Cart is Empty
Handel – Concerto Grosso Op 6 No 12 (Largo) – Jul ’20
https://youtu.be/9PtS5gOB1xUOffenbach – Infernal Galop (Can-can) – Jun ’20https://youtu.be/epuUenFbvCcDenes Agay’s Five Easy Dances – May ’20https://youtu.be/xrUGSLi45QUAlexander Panizza – Feb ’20https://youtu.be/7p2iyZrcOhwEmmanuelle Sievers – Dec ’19https://youtu.be/h0iZBQN2d8oSunny Ritter – Dec ’19https://youtu.be/Zyr_lw9e36QEvan Pyne – Dec ’19https://youtu.be/Sv8Fcy16e6QAlessia Disimino – Nov ’19https://youtu.be/_AK97vBOnLYKara Huber – Mar ’19https://youtu.be/t1mMANDNvKUEmrik Rivermann – Dec ’18https://youtu.be/Eb3f5DbpjxI
Popular
Recent Comments
Tags
North York Concert Orchestra
Home
© 2020 All rights reserved. Web Design by Fearless Flyer