https://oakvillesymphony.com/privacy/
skip to Main Content
Menu
TwitterFacebookInstagramYoutubeEmail
Contact
905.338.1462
Oakville Symphony’s Privacy Policy Oakville Symphony respects the privacy of all of its users and is committed to protecting such privacy in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy explains our treatment of your personally identifiable information collected in connection with your activities on or related to the OAKVILLE SYMPHONY website referencing this Privacy Policy and all services made available on the OAKVILLE SYMPHONY site as well all personal information collected by the Oakville Centre for the Performing Arts which has been or will be shared with the Oakville Symphony with your opt-in permission on their website and forms. This Privacy Policy also explains how you can ask questions and make suggestions about our privacy practices and review and update your personal information.
We urge you to read this Privacy Policy carefully and to check back periodically as this Privacy Policy may change from time to time.
INFORMATION COLLECTED
In the course of operating the OAKVILLE SYMPHONY services, we may collect two types of information about our users: Personal Information and Non-Personal Information. “Personal Information” is personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, email address, birth date and gender. Personal Information is collected by us when you choose to provide it to us when registering for a OAKVILLE SYMPHONY service, such as
When you choose to purchase a ticket and/or subscription for tickets at the Oakville Centre for the Performing Arts and opt-in to allow your information to be shared with Oakville Symphony
Enter a OAKVILLE SYMPHONY promotion or contest
Choose to receive an OAKVILLE SYMPHONY newsletter
If you choose to contact any of our board members, volunteers or staff, including the Music Director, General Manager, Personnel Manager and/or Music Librarian.
We may keep a record of that correspondence so that we may fully address the subject matter. We may also receive Personal Information from our business partners and other third parties, provided that such third parties confirm to us that you have permitted them to share such information. Business contact information such as the name, title, business address, email address or telephone number of a business or professional person or an employee of an organization is not considered Personal Information.
“Non-Personal Information” is information of an anonymous nature, such as your Internet Protocol Address (IP Address), the domain you may have used to access a OAKVILLE SYMPHONY service, the type and version of browser or operating system you may be using, and the website you may have come from and visit next.
Aggregate information, such as demographic statistics of our users (e.g. average age or geographical allocation of our users), number of visitors and average time spent on an OAKVILLE SYMPHONY service, is also considered Non-Personal Information.
Non-Personal Information is collected or derived by us in the course of operating the OAKVILLE SYMPHONY services. For example, our Web servers may automatically collect Non-Personal Information which is provided through your browser or stored on a Cookie (as defined herein) or through a Web Beacon (as defined herein) when you choose to visit a OAKVILLE SYMPHONY service.
Non-Personal Information is used by OAKVILLE SYMPHONY as described in this Privacy Policy.
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personal Information may be used by us for the following purposes:
Providing you with the OAKVILLE SYMPHONY services and information you have requested from us, including your use of the OAKVILLE SYMPHONY site. We may from time to time use your Personal Information to contact you about changes, enhancements or similar notices related to the OAKVILLE SYMPHONY services;
If you indicated that you were interested in receiving offers or information from OAKVILLE SYMPHONY or certain of our selected sponsors or advertisers, OAKVILLE SYMPHONY may send you email materials and other mailings about products and services that we feel may be of interest to you. If at any time you would like to end your subscription to any such email materials, follow the directions posted at the bottom of the email material;
If you enter a contest or other promotion offered by the OAKVILLE SYMPHONY, we may, under the rules of the promotion, use your name and certain other information to administer the promotion, such as contacting, announcing and promoting the winners of the promotion; or
OAKVILLE SYMPHONY may also use Personal Information if it has reasonable grounds to believe the information could be useful when investigating a contravention of a federal, provincial or foreign law or in order to protect or defend a legal interest.
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will not sell or rent your Personal Information to anyone. We will only disclose your Personal Information to third parties:
Where you have specifically given us your consent to disclose your Personal Information for a designated purpose;
Who are acting on our behalf as our agents, suppliers or service providers, solely to enable us to more efficiently provide you with the OAKVILLE SYMPHONY services. Such entities act under strict contractual controls, requiring them to maintain the confidentiality of all such Personal Information and to use such information solely for purposes related to the provision of the OAKVILLE SYMPHONY services;
As may be set out in the Terms & Conditions or Rules & Regulations applicable to a OAKVILLE SYMPHONY service, to facilitate the provision of such OAKVILLE SYMPHONY service, such as fulfilling legal requirements;
As required by law, including by an order of any court, institution or body with jurisdiction or authority to compel the production of information, or in order to protect or defend a legal interest; or
In connection with an OAKVILLE SYMPHONY corporate re-organization, merger or amalgamation with another entity, or a sale of all or a substantial portion of the assets of OAKVILLE SYMPHONY provided that the Personal Information disclosed continues to be used for the purposes permitted by this Privacy Policy by the entity acquiring the information.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES AND ADVERTISEMENTS
The OAKVILLE SYMPHONY site may contain links to other websites and services. While we try to link only to sites and services that share our high standards and respect for privacy, please understand that we are not responsible for the content of, or the privacy practices employed by, other companies or websites.
This Privacy Policy applies only to the OAKVILLE SYMPHONY services referencing this Privacy Policy. All of the advertisements which are displayed in connection with the OAKVILLE SYMPHONY services on the OAKVILLE SYMPHONY site are served internally.
SECURITY
The security of your Personal Information is important to us. OAKVILLE SYMPHONY takes technical, contractual, administrative, and physical security steps to protect Personal Information that you provide to us. We instruct our employees with access to your Personal Information that it is to be used only in adherence with the principles set forth in this Privacy Policy and the laws applicable to each specific business.
In certain areas, such as when you provide credit card information to us, we work to help protect the security of your credit card information during transmission by using industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology.
You can help protect the security of your Personal Information as well. For instance, never give out your password, since this is what is used to access your account or registration information.
IP ADDRESSES
An IP Address is the unique number which is assigned to every direct Internet access point. Many IP Addresses can generally be associated with certain Internet service providers or large organizations. IP Addresses do not contain any Personal Information.
When you, through your browser, request a web page or similar Internet information from another computer on the Internet, your browser automatically provides that computer with an IP address to which it will send the requested information.
OAKVILLE SYMPHONY and IP Addresses:
Whenever you request a OAKVILLE SYMPHONY service web page or certain other similar OAKVILLE SYMPHONY content, your browser automatically provides our computers with your IP Address, to which our computers will send the requested information. Each such request is logged by our computers with information including the IP Address of the computer that requested the page and is stored by our computers as needed for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy;
OAKVILLE SYMPHONY may use your IP Address to display more appropriate and relevant content and advertising, such as content and advertising based on your geographic area. Aggregate information derived from IP Addresses may be reported by OAKVILLE SYMPHONY to its advertisers and partners. For example, OAKVILLE SYMPHONY may report to its advertisers the estimated total number of users accessing a particular OAKVILLE SYMPHONY site from a specific province;
OAKVILLE SYMPHONY may use your IP Address to facilitate the diagnoses and remedy of a technical problem reported by you or our technical team.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY?
OAKVILLE SYMPHONY may from time to time change this Privacy Policy as new OAKVILLE SYMPHONY services are added or old ones changed. Changes will be effective when notice of such change is posted at an OAKVILLE SYMPHONY site. Please check this Privacy Policy regularly for updates by checking the date of “Last Update” at the top of this document.
QUESTIONS, COMMENTS OR SUGGESTIONS?
If you have questions, comments or suggestions about this Privacy Policy or OAKVILLE SYMPHONY’s privacy practices that were not answered here, send us an email at office@oakvillesymphony.com.
Support our thriving community orchestra which enriches our community’s culture by bringing the inspirational experience of music to its musicians and audiences of all ages.
Donate Now!
Copyright 2020 Oakville Symphony - All Rights Reserved. Design by BFdesign Inc.
Privacy
Back To Top