http://ocallahan.com/o-callahan-privacy-policy
Home
Theatre
Workshops
Performances
Educators
Newsletters
From Jay
What's New?
Press
Calendar
About Jay
Book Jay
Listen to a Story
Contact
Links
Store
O'Callahan Privacy Policy
Print
Email
Ocallahan.com respects the privacy of all users of its Web site. Our purpose here is to explain what information we gather from your visit to our site and how such information might be used.
As a general policy, no personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, or e-mail address, is automatically collected from your visit to ocallahan.com. However, certain non-personal information is recorded by the standard operation of our Internet servers, such as the type of browser being used, its operating system, and your IP address.
For the e-commerce portion of our site, we use cookies to enable a successful shopping experience. "Cookies" are small files or records that we place on your computer's hard drive to uniquely identify your shopping cart. Our cookies contain only a unique identification number which is linked to the items in your shopping cart. Absolutely no personal information is stored in our cookies. You can choose to have your browser warn you every time a cookie is being sent to you or you can turn off cookie placement. If you refuse cookies, you will not be able to open an ocallahan.com Shopping Cart and therefore will not be able to complete an order with us online. Please visit this link for an explanation of how to disable cookies.
Our site's registration forms request that you give us contact information. Personally identifiable information is never sold or leased to any third parties. With your permission, we may use your contact information to send you information about our work and what we're doing. You may always opt out of future mailings by contacting us from our site.
Contact information from an order form is used to fill orders and to provide information about our company to you if desired. The contact information is also used to get in touch with you if necessary regarding your order. Financial information that is collected is used to process your request for products, and will not be shared with third parties who are not involved with the transaction. When credit card information is transmitted, we use industry standard SSL (secure socket layer) encryption. For additional information regarding the use and safety of credit card transactions over the Internet, please visit http://www.thawte.com.
Security for all personally identifiable information is extremely important to us. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, Ocallahan.com cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.
Search Site
Follow Us
Join Jay's Mailing List
Jay O'Callahan | 90 Old Mt. Skirgo, Marshfield, MA 02050
For contact or order information: (781) 837-0962 | email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
View our Privacy Policy • ©Jay O'Callahan. All rights reserved. Webmaster: Storybiz Design
Go to top