https://ohta.org.au/copyright-privacy-policy/
Copyright Policy
The Organ Historical Trust of Australia respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask our users to do the same.
The contents of this site, including all images and text, are for personal, educational, non-commercial use only, and may not be reproduced in any form without the permission of the Organ Historical Trust of Australia.
The Organ Historical Trust of Australia has no responsibility for content on other web sites that you may find or access when using our website.
Please contact either the Webmaster or Chairman for reproduction rights of website contents; you may also alert them if you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or that your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated.
Privacy Policy
The Organ Historical Trust of Australia collects no personally-identifying information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide that information to us. The information we collect depends upon what you do when visiting our site.
If you visit our site to browse, read, or download, we automatically collect only non-personally identifiable information about you, consisting of:
The IP address from which you access our Web site (an IP address is the number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web);
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site;
The date and time you access our site; and
The pages you visit
We do not place cookies on visitor’s computers for any reason. (Cookies are small files that are stored in a visitor’s browser.)
We use all of this information that we collect only to help us improve on our website, to learn about the number of visitors to our site and the types of technology our visitors use. We do not track or record information about individuals and their visits.
If you identify yourself by sending an e-mail containing personal information to one of the addresses listed throughout our site (for example, through any of the Council members), we use that information only to respond to your message and to help us provide you with the material you have requested.
Membership
Conferences
Current restoration appeals
Redundant organs
facebook
Membership OHTA cannot exist without the support of a viable membership base. We encourage all those who value our organ heritage to join OHTA and be automatically subscribed to OHTA News, a quarterly publication on the organs of Australia.
Join OHTA
Recent news
Redundant Organs – September 2020
September 14, 2020
Redundant Organs – June 2020
June 21, 2020
Redundant Organ Movements – June 2020
June 19, 2020
Postponement of the 43rd OHTA Annual Conference
March 28, 2020
Redundant Organs – February 2020
February 12, 2020
Copyright © 2020 Organ Historical Trust of Australia
Site by James Flores & Leysa Flores Design