http://oldtimedance.co.uk/index.php/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
OLD TIME DANCE SOCIETY – PRIVACY POLICY
This Policy explains when and why we collect personal information about people who visit our website and purchase products from us, how we use it, the conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure.
Old Time Dance Society respects the privacy of all our customers and we are committed to protecting your privacy. We also respect the privacy of those who provide personal information to Old Time Dance Society for other purposes such as general enquiries, holidays, classes, lessons and other reasons. We do not sell your personal information and we do not share your information with other organisations for marketing purposes. We require any supplier contracted to carry out work on our behalf to meet the same standard that we adhere to when handling your personal information.
We may change this Policy from time to time so please check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes. By using our website, you’re agreeing to be bound by this Policy.
Any questions regarding this Policy and our privacy practices should be referred to the Society using the Contact Details provided on the website
How do we collect information from you?
While using our website, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email addressFirst Name and Last Name
What type of information is collected from you?
We collect information about you when you request information via our website or interact with our social media.
The personal information we collect might include your name, email address.
Use of ‘cookies’
Like many other websites, the Old Time Dance Society website uses cookies. ‘Cookies’ are small pieces of information sent by an organisation to your computer and stored on your hard drive to allow that website to recognise you when you visit. They collect statistical data about your browsing actions and patterns and do not identify you as an individual. For example, we use cookies to store your country preference. This helps us to improve our website and deliver a better more personalised service.
It is possible to switch off cookies by setting your browser preferences. For more information on how to switch off cookies on your computer, visit our full cookies policy. Turning cookies off may result in a loss of functionality when using our website.
Main Cookies used on our site
Cookie Notice acceptance
How is your information used?
We may use your information to:
Contact you regarding queries raised in the contact form
Who has access to your information?
We will not sell or rent your information to third parties. We will not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes.
Please be reassured that we will not release your information to third parties beyond the Society unless you have requested us to do so, or we are required to do so by law, for example, by a court order or for the purposes of prevention of fraud or other crime.
Your choices
We will not contact you unless you have given your prior consent. We will not contact you for any marketing purposes
How you can access and update your information
The accuracy of your information is important to us. You have the right to request a copy of the information we hold about you so that you can ensure its accuracy. You can do this by the following methods:
Send an email to the site contact and request the information held about you;
Right to erasure
You have a number of legal rights in relation to the information that we hold about you, including:
The right to request details of the information we have about you. There are a couple of ways to do this and some requests have to be in writing for legal reasons. The right to withdraw your consent to the use of your information where we are relying on that consent (for example, you can opt out of receiving marketing messages from us). Please note that we may still be entitled to process your information if we have another legitimate reason (other than consent) for doing so.
In some circumstances, you have the right to receive some of your information in a usable format and/or request we transmit that data to a third party where this is technically feasible. Please note that this right only applies to information which you have provided to us.
The right to ask that we update your information if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to ask that we erase your information in certain circumstances. Please note that there may be circumstances where you ask us to erase your information but we are legally entitled to retain it.
The right to request that we restrict the processing of your information in certain circumstances. Again, there may be circumstances where you ask us to restrict the processing of your information, but we are legally entitled to refuse that request.
The right to make a complaint with the Information Commissioner www.ico.org.uk if you think that any of your rights have been infringed by us.
Security precautions in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of your information
When you give us personal information, we take steps to ensure that it’s treated securely.
Non-sensitive details (your email address etc.) are transmitted normally over the Internet, and this can never be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your information, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems. Where we have given (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our websites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites run by other organisations. This privacy policy applies only to our website‚ so we encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites even if you access those using links from our website.
In addition, if you linked to our website from a third party site, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners and operators of that third party site and recommend that you check the policy of that third party site.
16 or Under
We are concerned to protect the privacy of children aged 16 or under. If you are aged 16 or under‚ please get your parent/guardian’s permission beforehand whenever you provide us with personal information.
Transferring your information outside of Europe
As part of the services offered to you through this website, the information which you provide to us may be transferred to countries outside the European Union (“EU”). By way of example, this may happen if any of our servers are from time to time located in a country outside of the EU. These countries may not have similar data protection laws to the UK. By submitting your personal data, you’re agreeing to this transfer, storing or processing. If we transfer your information outside of the EU in this way, we will take steps to ensure that appropriate security measures are taken with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected as outlined in this Policy.
If you use our services while you are outside the EU, your information may be transferred outside the EU in order to provide you with those services.
Review of this Policy
We keep this Policy under regular review. This Policy was last updated in July 2020.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy