https://ontesol.com/privacy-policy/
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
The name of the online course provider is OnTESOL.com, Inc., in affiliation with Coventry House International, based at 2 Bloor St. West – Suite 700 – Toronto- Ontario- M4W 3R1- Canada. If you need to contact us for any reason please write to us at the address above, by e-mail at info@ontesol.com or by phone at 416.929.0227.
Effective date: November 13, 2018
OnTESOL.com, Inc. (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the https://ontesol.com website (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from https://ontesol.com
Your privacy
We at OnTESOL.com value our web site visitors as well as our prospective and enrolled students.
We will not release any personal information given to us by you (including your email address) to any third party for any reason, without asking your permission first. Any credit card information released to us by you, through any means, will be treated as confidential data, ensuring your privacy and security.
Newsletter
We do not send you unsolicited e-mails. If you elect to be notified of updates from this site, we will occasionally inform you about important functionality changes to the web site, new services or courses, special offers we think you may find valuable. If you would rather not receive these notifications, please notify us at info@ontesol.com with the subject “remove”. For assured accuracy, please e-mail us from the e-mail address you used to subscribe.
Automatic Information
Using reporting tools, we collect general information each time you visit our site, such as the type of browser you used and the day and time you visited us. We use this information to help design our site to fit the needs of our students.
Specials & Promotions
Promotional offers are only sent to those who have expressed an interest in a particular course or service and notify us of their desire to receive such information.
Those who do not sign up for automatic notification can view any specials or promotions by visiting our web site.
Sharing Information
We do not sell your information to third-parties. Your information is only available to certain OnTESOL.com employees or tutors for the fulfillment of your course or request.
This information is required for the purposes of sending you the corrections, feedback or final scores and enabling communication between you and the tutors.
ONTESOL.com will disclose information to a court of law, if required to do so.
Security
The security of your information is important to us and we work to protect it during transmissions. We use 128-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) during submittal and transmission of your data. All your ordering information — including your name, address, and credit card number — is encrypted using a secure server for maximum security. This information cannot be read as it travels to our ordering system.
All credit card transactions are handled by a third-party financial institution, which receives the credit card number and other personal identifying information only to verify the credit card numbers and process transactions. Your credit card information — including your name, address, and credit card number — is encrypted using 128- bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) server for maximum security. If you feel more comfortable registering via fax, money order or bank transfer, we are happy to register you personally. Please contact us at info@ontesol.com to request an invoice and further instructions
If you are using a shared computer, be sure to sign off or clear any temporary Internet files after transmitting a request.
Links
When you click on links and/or ad banners that take you to third-party web sites, you will be subject to the third parties’ privacy and use policies.
General Information
Since this policy may change over time as we modify or expand our service, we suggest that you check back from time to time in order to understand how we treat your information. Your use of OnTESOL constitutes your agreement to the terms of OnTESOL’s privacy policy. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what personal information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it. Your continued use of OnTESOL constitutes your agreement to anysuch changes.
Terms of Use
The terms of use that follow may change without prior notice and it is the user’s responsibility to review for such updates.
General Information
The information provided on this Site is meant for educational and reference purposes only. As a user of this Site, you are granted a limited license to use (display or print) the information for your own personal, non-commercial use and you are responsible for any outcome resulting from such use. None of the information provided at this Site may be altered, republished or re-distributed in any way, shape or form without the explicit prior consent of OnTESOL.
Intellectual Property Rights
OnTESOL and Coventry House International own the intellectual property rights, including copyright, in and to this Site, or has obtained the necessary licenses. Therefore, OnTESOL and Coventry House International will take any appropriate legal action to enforce its rights. A number of words, phrases, names, designs or logos used on this Site may be trademarks, service marks or trade names of OnTESOL and Coventry House International or of other bodies. These logos may not be used by other parties without prior explicit consent.
Furthermore, assignments that trainees have to submit throughout the course are the product of the curriculum developed by Coventry House International-OnTESOL and the support provided by the tutor; therefore, Coventry House International-OnTESOL automatically acquires the rights of every assignment when the trainee submits it to the tutor for correction. Coventry House International-OnTESOL may share the assignment for educational and marketing purposes without requesting permission from the trainee or giving credits to the trainee. The trainee may not share the assignment with any person or via any media, as indicated in our cheating/ plagiarism policy.
Warranties
Although the information provided on this Site is thought to be correct when communicated, there is no obligation on OnTESOL to update this information or advise on further changes. There may be misprints but no errors of concepts on this Site, and OnTESOL guarantees the quality, correctness and completeness of the information provided on this Site.
OnTESOL makes no warranties, representations and conditions regarding use of this Site or the information provided, including any implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, whether express or implied, or arising from a course of dealing, usage or trade practice. OnTESOL is not responsible for any direct, indirect, special, in incidental or consequential damages or any other personal or pecuniary loss, whether the action is in contract, tort (including negligence) or any other tort action.
Web Pages and Links
The staff of OnTESOL may create and maintain pages contained on, or linked to, this Site. The creation, maintenance and responsibility for these pages is entirely the responsibility of the parties who create and maintain such pages. OnTESOL shall have no responsibility for such pages and is not responsible for any content or information that you may find distasteful or offensive. Also, this Site has links to other web sites. This does not mean On TESOL is associated with, or is legally allowed, to use any trademark, trade name, logo or copyrighted symbol that may be shown in the link (or in its description). These other sites were independently created and OnTESOL does not assume responsibility for the content of these other web sites. By providing links to these other web sites, OnTESOL does not endorse, act as a publisher or distributor of the content on those other web sites.
Job Opportunities Disclaimer
The information presented in the Job Opportunities section is a combination of free listings and paid advertising. The promotion of jobs at universities and schools in this site is not intended as an endorsement or as validation of the information provided.
Each interested individual should contact the prospective employer to obtain more information, to verify the terms and description of their services, and to learn about any personal risks involved in taking part in their activities. OnTESOL specifically advises that it does not verify or authenticate such Job Opportunities.
OnTESOL or its employees are not responsible for:
• errors, omissions, or misspelled words regarding third party information; • misrepresentation by third parties; • personal damages or injuries incurred while taking part in a third-party program promoted on this Website; or • disputes between a consumer and a third party.
It is the responsibility of each interested party to contact the provider of educational services to verify the information presented here and to learn about any possible personal risks involved while taking part in their programs.
Computer Viruses
Most material available from the OnTESOL web site is in a “text-file” form which cannot contain or transmit computer viruses. Some pages, however, such as Word files, are in “binary” form, which can, like downloadable executable files, transmit viruses. Although OnTESOL makes every effort to exclude computer viruses from its materials, you should take measures to check for computer viruses, execute due caution when downloading executable files, and make certain you have a comprehensive and recent backup of the information stored on your computer.
Governing Law
The laws of the Province of Ontario and the applicable laws of Canada shall govern any dispute or action regarding this Site or any content present on the Site. You hereby consent and submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of the Province of Ontario in any action or proceeding established under or related to your use of this Site or documents.
System Requirements PC and MAC compatibility –Following is a sampling of system requirements for this Site:
Computer/Processor: IBM PC or compatible with a Pentium II 500MHz or higher microprocessor.
Operating System: Windows 98, Windows NT 4.0, Windows 2000, Windows Me or Windows XP.
Memory: A minimum of 512 Mb of RAM.
Display: Monitor with resolution of 1024×768 or higher.
Browser: Free latest version of Internet Explorer or Firefox
Prerequisites: Microsoft Word 97 or higher; KIT Multimedia. Plugin Flash 6,0,79,0 or higher.
OR
Computer/Processor: MAc PowerPC G4/Core 2 Duo 2.0 GHz
Operating System: Mac OS X
Memory (RAM): 1 Gb
Course activation
After processing your enrolment and payment, we will contact you with your log on information, the name of the personal tutor assigned to you, and his/her email address.
OnTESOL reserves the right to refuse entry into any of its programs.
Course material
The courses are fully done online and all study material — including video recorded lessons for the required observation component of the 250-hour TESOL Diploma and the 120-hour Advanced TESOL Certificate and selections from recommended ESL texts in OnTESOL’s library — can be found in the methodology module. No study material will be mailed to you. However, your tutor may recommend the purchase or borrowing of some additional books for further reference.
Your access privileges to the course material will be restricted after 30 days following completion or when the maximum duration limit has been reached. If no other course was contracted after that period your on-line record may be cleared.
Course Duration
120-hour Advanced TESOL Certificate: This course consists of three modules: Study Skills and the World of English; Language Awareness (Module 2a Grammar; Module 2b Phonology); Methodology.
This course may take from 4 to 24 weeks to complete. The maximum time limit for completing the 120-hour course is 6 months. See Extension Policy at the end of this agreement for more information on extension options and costs.
250-hour TESOL Diploma: This course consists of three modules: grammar, methodology and phonology. This course may take from 8 to 32 weeks to complete. The maximum time limit for completing the full course is 32 weeks (8 months). See Extension Policy at the end of the agreement for more information on extension options and costs.
20-hour TEYL (Teaching English to Young Learners): This course takes a minimum of 20 hours to complete and the maximum time allocated for this course is 2 months after activation date.
20-hour TBEC (Teaching Business English Course): This course takes a minimum of 20 hours to complete and the maximum time allocated for this course is 2 months after activation date.
20-hour Teaching IELTS (Teaching IELTS Course): This course takes a minimum of 20 hours to complete and the maximum time allocated for this course is 2 months after activation date.
Academic tutor
Your personal tutor will contact you via e-mail after your course has been activated and will guide you through the course. You can contact your tutor via email for any questions or doubts you may have. Your tutor is available for necessary guidance and clarification of all course segments; this includes both anticipated online instructional time and ad hoc requests. Your tutor is in charge of correcting and grading your assignments and will inform OnTESOL’s administration of any concerns regarding your performance in the course, lack of participation or technical problems and gives final verification of your completion of the course so that you may receive your certificate/diploma and transcripts.
Assessment Criteria and Marking System
Candidates are required to successfully complete all exams, tests, tasks and assignments contained in the online courses in order to graduate from the programs.
Mode of Assessment The assessment will be continuous and integrated. It will take place throughout the course and each assessed component will contribute to the overall grade. When a tutor asks a trainee to redo an assignment it is because the assignment is below standard, that is, it is not a pass. Re-submission of unsatisfactory assignments (Below Standard) for re-grading is at the discretion of the tutor and the Director of Studies. See make-up policy for each program.
Assignments and Exams Make-up Policy
120-hour Advanced TESOL Certificate
All assignments, tests, exams, and tasks must be passed with a minimum passing mark of 55% (C-). Only one make-up assignment is accepted for a failed assignment/exam. The maximum number of assignments/exams that a candidate can fail and re-submit is 2. Failing more than 2 assignments will result in failing the whole course.
250-hour TESOL Diploma
All assignments, tests, exams, and tasks must be passed with a minimum passing mark of 55% (with the exception of the grammar module whose minimum passing grade is 60%).
Only one make-up assignment is accepted for a failed assignment/exam. The minimum average passing mark for a make-up assignment or exam is 65%. The maximum number of assignments/exams that a candidate can fail or re-submit is 4. Failing more than 4 assignments/exams will result in failing the whole course.
Grading and Assessment
Candidates are awarded a grade (see scale below), supported and amplified by a progress report. The scale of grades is as follows:
PASS with Distinction:
100-90 (A)
89-86 (A-)
85 (B+)
PASS with Merit:
84-75 (B)
74-70 (B-)
PASS: Pass (The candidate has satisfactorily fulfilled the requirements of the course and shows potential, but will need careful and consistent further guidance when employed)
69-65 (C+)
64-60 (C)
59-55 (C-)
Below Standard = Failing Mark (See make-up policy to graduate from either program).
54-0 (F)
Rights and Code of Conduct
This code of conduct is designed to provide an explicit definition of the minimal standards of personal conduct that Coventry House International- OnTESOL expects of all its students. It represents a benchmark of expectations regarding students, and defines the boundaries within a rewarding and mutually supportive learning environment can be created. It is based on the assumption that most students in the course already uphold these statements of conduct and can, without reservation, endorse them.
A. Scope of conduct: Appropriate student conduct can be defined by describing behaviors that demonstrate its presence and then, conversely, by defining activities that clearly demonstrate its absence.
Student conduct will be demonstrated in the following areas of activity:
Conduct related to academic performance
Relationship with tutors and staff
B. Inappropriate behavior: students will ensure that their behavior is at all times respectful of others.
Students are not to use the online environment to:
Utter scurrilous, profane, or obscene language;
Make remarks or engage in conduct that is racist, sexist, or in other ways discriminatory as defined by the Ontario Human Rights Code;
Engage in behaviors or make remarks that could reasonably be interpreted as threatening;
Encourage, by inaction or innuendo, the development of a learning environment that is fractious, disrespectful of others, or inconsistent with the student code of conduct.
C. Conduct related to academic performance: students will take responsibility for their own academic achievement. Student will demonstrate their commitment to their own goal of educational advancement by completing the assigned work, and complying with copyright legislation, as outlined below:
Students should complete assignments, projects, and other activities set by the course for the evaluation, on time. If a student is unable to complete the work in the designated time, he should discuss this matter with the tutor in advance of the deadline date.
D. Relationship with tutors and staff: Students may request input from additional OnTESOL staff in cases of instructional uncertainty. Students have the right to a learning environment free of harassment and discrimination. Students may appeal grading or instructional concerns to the Director of Studies. Students and tutors will abide by TESL Canada’s ethical guidelines, as described at http://tesl.ca/ethical_guidelines.html
Zero Tolerance Policy on Plagiarism and Cheating:
Plagiarism: Plagiarism is an offense and will result in a failing grade for the assignment and failing the course. For further information on plagiarism and the internet please check this website: http://www.turnitin.com
Cheating: Cheating includes but is not necessarily limited to: Collaboration in the preparation of an assignment. Since our online courses are self-study, collaboration will be viewed by Coventry House International-Ontesol as cheating. Trainees who facilitate cheating by sharing assignments with other trainees enrolled in the course will be expelled from the course. Graduates who facilitate cheating by sharing assignments with other trainees enrolled in the course will have their certification revoked.
Equal Opportunity
OnTESOL has an equal opportunity policy in relation to gender and sexual orientation, ethnicity, religion and beliefs. All student-trainees/ trainers/employees shall be treated similarly, unhampered by artificial barriers or prejudices or preferences, except when particular distinctions can be explicitly justified (i.e: Accreditation requirements).
Professional designation of recognized courses
1. 120-hour Advanced TESOL Certificate
After successful completion of all assignments, you will receive a 120-hour Advanced TESOL Certificate awarded by Coventry House International – OnTESOL.
You may also receive an ACTDEC Level 3 Certificate under the seal of the Council if you register with ACTDEC upon completion of the course. It is important to clarify that if you are interested in obtaining an ACTDEC certificate, you should indicate that in your application. You will also be required to complete an ACTDEC registration form and pay, directly to ACTDEC, the fee of £ 20 fee for registration, moderation and award of an ACTDEC certificate upon successful completion of the course. Please check ACTDEC’s website for further information on their accreditation (http://www.actdec.org.uk)
2. 250-hour TESOL Diploma
On successful completion of this course you will receive a 250-hour TESOL Diploma and the transcripts of all your assignments awarded by Coventry House International – OnTESOL. You may also receive an ACTDEC Level 5 Certificate under the seal of the Council if you register with ACTDEC upon completion of the course. It is important to clarify that if you are interested in obtaining an ACTDEC certificate, you should indicate that in your application. You will also be required to complete an ACTDEC registration form and pay, directly to ACTDEC, the fee of £ 20 fee for registration, moderation and award of an ACTDEC certificate upon successful completion of the course. Please check ACTDEC’s website for further information on their accreditation (http://www.actdec.org.uk)
3. TESL Canada Professional Certificate Standard One
On successful completion of the online 120-hour Advanced TESOL Certificate you will receive a 120-hour Advanced TESOL Certificate and the transcripts of all your assignments awarded by Coventry House International- Ontesol. If you would like to obtain, in addition to the TESOL Certificate, the TESL Canada Professional Certificate Standard 1, you need to have completed an undergraduate program** (BA and/or BSC), a 20-hour Practicum, and meet English proficiency standards if you are not a native speaker or have not completed your degree in an English- speaking country. It is your responsibility to apply independently for the TESL Canada certificate after completing the TESOL course and Practicum. Please check TESL Canada’s website for further information on accreditation requirements and how to apply (www.tesl.ca).
4. TESL Ontario CTESOL certification (Level 1)
On successful completion of the online 120-hour Advanced TESOL Certificate you will receive a 120-hour Advanced TESOL Certificate and the transcripts of all your assignments awarded by Coventry House International- Ontesol. If you would like to obtain, in addition to the TESOL Certificate, the TESL Ontario CTESOL**, you need to have completed an undergraduate program** (BA and/or BSC), a 20-hour Practicum, and meet English proficiency standards if you are not a native speaker or have not completed your degree in an English-speaking country. It is your responsibility to apply independently for the TESL Ontario certificate after completing the TESOL course and Practicum.
**CTESOL Training Program Accreditation through the TESL Ontario Grandparenting Clause. This Program is Recognized by TESL Canada for Professional Standard One Certification and by TESL Ontario as an accredited CTESOL (Canadian TESOL) training program. For TESL Ontario Certification please see TESL Ontario’s requirements.
(www.teslontario.org/accredited-ctesol-training-programs)
5. TESL Canada Professional Certificate Standard Two
On successful completion of the online 250-hour TESOL Diploma you will receive a 250-hour TESOL Diploma and the transcripts of all your assignments awarded by Coventry House International – OnTESOL. If you would like to obtain, in addition to the TESOL Diploma, the TESL Canada Professional Certificate Standard 2, you need to have completed an undergraduate program** (BA and/or BSC), a 50-hour Practicum, and meet English proficiency standards if you are not a native speaker or have not completed your degree in an English-speaking country. It is your responsibility to apply independently for the TESL Canada certificate after completing the TESOL course and Practicum. Please check TESL Canada’s website for further information on how to apply (www.tesl.ca). Note: After September 2017, 250-hour TESOL Diploma graduates will have to complete a 50-hour Practicum for TESL Canada Standard 2 accreditation.
Important notice: students without a university degree are still accepted to the course but they are informed that TESL Canada Professional Certificates Standard 1 and 2, and TESL Ontario CTESOL (Level 1) require an undergraduate degree. Students without this qualification will not be eligible for TESL Canada Professional Certificate Standard 1 or 2, or TESOL Ontario CTESOL (Level 1). Non-native speakers who have not completed a university degree in an English speaking country are eligible to take the Advanced TESOL Certificate or TESOL Diploma program and receive the respective certification, but they are informed that they must obtain a valid English Proficiency Score to become eligible for TESL Canada accreditation, or TESL Ontario CTESOL (Level 1). TESL Canada will accept only IELTS Academic (Overall 7 with a minimum of 7 in each skill area) and TOEFL iBT (Overall 101 with a minimum of 23 in Listening, 24 in Reading, 27 in Speaking and 27 in Writing).
Cancellations and Deferment
If you withdraw from your TESOL program* within the first 48 hours of being activated**, 80% of your fee will be refunded within 10 days. If you withdraw after the first 48 hours but before the first 7 days (168 hours) of being activated, 50% of your fee will be refunded within 10 days. There is no refund (no fee will be returned to you) if you withdraw after the first 7 days (168 hours) of being activated. Even if you are within the 48-hour or 168-hour limit, there is no refund after submitting the first assignment (120-hour Advanced TESOL, or TEYL, IELTS, TBE courses), or exam (250-hour course) to your tutor.
You must express your decision to withdraw from the course in writing. Please send your request to administration at info@ontesol.com.
*TESOL program refers to your TESOL course (120-hour or 250-hour) plus any combination of specialist courses (TEYL, TBEC, IELTS) that might have been purchased at a discounted price at the time of enrolment.
** Refers to the start date on the Course Activation email
You must express your decision to withdraw from the course in writing. Please send your request to administration at info@ontesol.com.
It is the student’s responsibility to understand the requirements for any of the following professional designations:
OnTESOL’s 120-hour Certificate and 250-hour TESOL Diploma, ACTDEC UK Level 3 and 5 Certificates, TESL Canada Professional Standard 1 and 2 Certificates, and TESL Ontario CTESOL (Level 1). If any confusion arises, the administrative staff is available at info@ontesol.com or +1 (416) 929 0227 to answer all of the applicant’s questions and to describe the different professional designations and their requirements prior to the student’s enrolment and payment.
No refund will be granted on the basis of misunderstanding a professional designation and its requirements. In the event of a personal matter which will prevent you from finishing the course on time, you should contact your tutor in writing to verify if an extension applies.
OnTESOL reserves the right to refuse admission. In such cases, a full refund will be provided within 48 business hours.
Extension Policy
Those who do not complete the course within the deadline have an option to request an extension (See Extension Fee Schedule below). The maximum number of extensions is two. The deadline to request an extension is one year from the original deadline.
Extension Fee Schedule
120-hour Advanced TESOL Certificate:
In the event that the trainee does not complete the course within the 6-month deadline, a CA$150 extension fee applies for every 2-month extension.
250-hour TESOL Diploma:
A one-time free extension of one month is granted provided that the tutor confirms that the student has completed and passed at least 90% of the 250-hour TESOL program. To meet the 90% requirement, students must complete and pass:
All of the Grammar module
The first 18 assignments of the Methodology module
The first 8 tasks of the Methodology module
If you have not met the 90% completion requirement, or if you have already been granted a free extension, no deferment will be accepted and you will need to pay an extension fee of CA$300 for every 2-month extension to the program.
20-hour Specialist Certificates (TEYL, TBEC, & Teaching IELTS):
The fee for a 1-month course extension of any specialist course is CA$50.
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address First name and last name Phone number Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City Cookies and Usage Data Usage Data
We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service. Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings. Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes. Use of Data
OnTESOL.com, Inc. uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside Canada and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Canada and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
OnTESOL.com, Inc. will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements:
OnTESOL.com, Inc. may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation To protect and defend the rights or property of OnTESOL.com, Inc. To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public To protect against legal liability Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google AnalyticsGoogle Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: info@ontesol.com What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Courses
120-hour Advanced TESOL Certificate
250-hour TESOL Diploma
20-hour TEYL Certificate
20-hour Teaching IELTS Certificate
20-hour TBEC Certificate
TESOL Blogs
Teaching English Abroad
How to Teach English: Tips, Ideas, and Resources
Site Map
About Us
Accreditations
Teach English Abroad
FAQ's
Privacy Policy
Coventry House International – OnTESOL
700-2 Bloor St. West
M4W 3E2 Toronto, Ontario, Canada
Phone: 416 929 0227
Email: info@ontesol.com
Scroll to top
Enroll Now