https://paballet.org/privacy-policy/
Policies
Home > Policies
Website Privacy Policy
Pennsylvania Ballet recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of our online visitors. It is our intent to balance our legitimate business interests in collecting and using information received from and about you with your reasonable expectations of privacy. The following outlines the way we handle information learned about you from your visits to our website.
Collective Data
Like most other websites, paballet.org deposits certain bits of information called “cookies” in a visitor’s computer. Cookies are sent back only to the website that deposited them when a visitor returns to that site. Cookies can tell us how and when pages in a website are visited and by how many people. This technology does not collect personal, identifiable information; the information collected is in an aggregate, non-identifiable form. We hope to use the information we collect through this technology to improve our site.
Personally Identifiable Information
Pennsylvania Ballet collects personally identifiable information including names, postal addresses, e-mail addresses, phone numbers, and preferences only when that information is provided voluntarily by a website visitor. SSL (secure socket layer) encryption is then used to protect this personal information. We reserve the right to contact you periodically, by any and all means you provide to us, with special offers, updated information, organizational news, or new services. You reserve the right to refuse this information by contacting us directly.
We do not sell or share email addresses we collect on this website with outside or constituent organizations without explicit permission to do so from you. Users who no longer wish to receive our promotional emails may opt-out of receiving these communications by emailing us at info@paballet.org using “Unsubscribe” in the subject line.
Financial Information
Pennsylvania Ballet places a high priority on protecting any personal financial information that you provide. When you enroll in classes, purchase tickets or gift certificates, or become a subscriber online, we use your credit card information to process your payment only and will not use it for marketing purposes. Credit card information is transmitted through but is not stored on a web-enabled server. This information is stored offline for our records, but we will never share this information with third parties.
Security Used
We store all user information in secure databases protected via a variety of access controls. Access controls include the following: password protection, electronic firewalls, and data encryption. SSL encryption is used to protect all personal and financial information; and credit card information is not stored on a web-enabled server. This data is accessed only for purposes specified in this Privacy Policy.
Links to Other Sites
As a resource to our visitors, Pennsylvania Ballet may provide links to other websites. We try to carefully choose websites we believe are useful and meet our high standards; however, because websites can change so quickly, we can neither guarantee the standards of every link we provide or be responsible for the content they produce.
Questions and Changes in Information
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or would like to change or update your personal information, please contact us.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement so users are always aware of what information we collect and how we use it. Accordingly, please refer back to this Privacy Policy frequently, as it may change.
General Policies
Theater Policies
If you need to leave the performance at any time, you will be readmitted during a later break or at the discretion of the facility staff.
No food or beverages are permitted in the Academy of Music or Merriam Theater.
All electronic devices (mobile phones, pagers, watch alarms, etc.) should be turned off prior to entering the performance space.
Seat locations printed on your tickets are not guaranteed past curtain time.
All sales are final. There are no refunds or credits.
Aisles must be kept free of obstructions. Coats, packages, and items not checked should be placed under your seat or in your lap.
Noise travels and many are quite audible given the optimal acoustics of our venues. Please take care to unwrap any lozenges, cough drops, or similar items before the performance commences and try to keep any unnecessary movement and conversation to a minimum.
Ticket Policy
Please note: all sales are final. There are no refunds or exchanges. Ticket purchases will appear on your credit card statement as TICKET PHILADELPHIA. If your tickets are being mailed to you, it is your responsibility to notify us prior to the performance should you fail to receive them so that we can reprint replacement tickets for you upon presenting your original order confirmation along with proper photo identification and the credit card used to make your purchase. Artists scheduled to perform are subject to change without prior notice; and a change of artist is not reasonable cause for a refund. Additionally, inclement weather is not a cause for refund unless a performance is cancelled. In the case of a severe rain or snow event, weather updates and performance status are noted on the homepage of kimmelcenter.org.
All persons entering the theater, including babes in arms, must have a ticket. Children under four years of age are not admitted to either theater for regular performances. Children under three are not permitted for George Balanchine’s The Nutcracker®. Latecomers and those who exit during the performance will be seated during a later break or at the discretion of the facility staff. The copying or reproduction of any performance by camera, audio, or video recording equipment is strictly prohibited.
Tickets purchased through this website are for your personal use and may not be resold for more than face value. We reserve the right to cancel any order we deem in conflict of this policy. If we cancel your order or hold your tickets for box office pick-up (with photo ID), we will contact you via email within two business days.
Late Seating Policy
Latecomers will not be admitted into the theater once the performance has begun and will not be seated until there is a suitable break or an intermission. The box office opens two (2) hours prior to each performance; and theater doors open 30 minutes prior to curtain times. Please allow extra time for traffic, parking, and ticket pick-up (if applicable). Please understand that once the curtain rises and the dancers have taken the stage, late seating is a distraction to the artists as well as the other patrons already seated and enjoying the performance. Ushers will assist late arrivals and help to seat you at the most appropriate and least distracting time.
Commitment to Safety
The safety and comfort of visitors, volunteers, artists, and Academy of Music and Merriam Theater staff members are of paramount importance. In the event of an emergency, our ushers and security staff will advise audience members of appropriate procedures. Red, illuminated EXIT signs are clearly marked with an arrow indicating the direction of an exit door. Should an emergency arise, you will be directed to leave the auditorium; and further instruction will be provided as to the safest and quickest means to leave the building. Patrons who require special assistance should contact an usher.
Commitment to Accessibility
Pennsylvania Ballet is committed to providing access for our disabled patrons. The Academy of Music and the Merriam Theater are both wheelchair accessible. The company makes every attempt to ensure accessibility at other performance venues as well. A limited number of ADA-compliant parking spaces are available in the Kimmel Center Garage.
The Academy of Music is wheelchair-accessible from the east lobby entrance on Broad Street. Elevators serve all levels of the Academy of Music, and accessible seating is available on all levels of the building. All rest rooms are ADA-compliant, and assisted listening devices are available for loan. For more information on accessibility at the Academy of Music, please call Visitor & Audience Services at 215.893.1999.
The Merriam Theater is also wheelchair-accessible and has a hearing augmentation system. For more information on accessibility at the Merriam Theater, please call the manager at 215.732.5997.
Ushers at both facilities have been trained to be sensitive to the accessibility needs of patrons. If you experience a problem at a Pennsylvania Ballet performance, please contact our administrative offices at 215.551.7000 so that every effort can be made to accommodate you.
You may also like:
Support
Whether through a contribution to our annual fund, corporate sponsorship, or as a member of our dynamic Young Friends group, your generous gift supports and sustains all aspects of Pennsylvania Ballet. Every dollar impacts the work we do in the studios, on stage, and throughout the community.
Season & Tickets
Whether you enjoy the grandeur and pageantry of full-length ballets or the breathtaking innovation of more contemporary works, our 54th season consists of a mixed repertoire designed to thrill and delight.
Meet the Ballet
Pennsylvania Ballet comprises a team of dedicated professionals—each one devoted to bringing you the most thrilling and inspired works ballet has to offer.