https://pageawards.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy and we want you to know what information we collect and what we do with that information. The following Privacy Policy has been created to explain our online information practices and to help you understand how the information you provide us will be used.
COLLECTION OF DATA
You are not required to register or give us any personal information in order to visit the PAGE Awards website and view content made generally available; however, we may still collect certain non-personally-identifiable information about your use of our website. For example, we may collect information concerning the type of browser you are using, the type of operating system you are using, your IP address, your connection speed, and/or the website, advertisement or search engine from which you linked to our website.
When you sign up for our email list, enter our contest, or request notes from our Judges, you will be asked to give us your name, email address, and other contact information. We will use this information to communicate with you about your submission, to send you your complimentary bi-monthly issue of LOGLINE: The Screeenwriter’s eZine, and to send you news and updates from the PAGE Awards and select offers and information from our sponsors and industry partners. By subscribing to our email list, submitting a script to us and/or ordering notes from us, you authorize us to track and collect information about you regarding the specifics of your transactions with us and to keep a record of our correspondence with you.
In addition, when you submit your script to the PAGE Awards contest, you authorize us to use any trusted third-party online and cloud-based services and databases for hosting, managing and/or transmitting your submission file(s).
OPTING OUT
You may opt-out of the PAGE Awards email list at any time. To remove your name from our list, simply click on the link provided at the bottom of the email message we send you, or send us a message with the word “Unsubscribe” in the subject line of your email.
PROTECTING YOUR INFORMATION
If you provide us with personal information, we will take all reasonable and appropriate steps to protect this information. At times we may use non-identifying and aggregate information about our users in order to improve and enhance the services we provide. We may also share this non-identifying information with suppliers of content, affiliates, advertisers and other entities for the purpose of illustrating general usage, demographic and preference information.
COOKIES
When you visit our website, click through the hyperlinks provided, or submit your script to us, we may use an industry-wide technology known as “cookies” which stores certain information on your computer and which allows us to facilitate and customize your experience to match your interests and preferences. Most browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block acceptance of cookies and/or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your browser instructions to learn more about these functions.
(PLEASE NOTE: If you set your browser to block cookies, you will not be able to use our entry or order forms.)
EXTERNAL WEBSITES
Our website contains external hyperlinks to other websites; however, this in no way constitutes our endorsement of the opinions or views expressed by those sites. Furthermore, the PAGE Awards does not assume any responsibility or liability for the accuracy or quality of the content contained in those sites, for the quality or delivery of products or services offered or advertised by those sites, nor for their privacy practices. Please visit the privacy policies of any third party website directly in order to understand their privacy and data collection practices.
DATA SECURITY
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have established appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online; however, because no security system is impenetrable, we cannot guarantee the security of our servers. The PAGE Awards Privacy Policy does not extend to anything that is inherent in the operation of the internet and therefore beyond our control.
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please Contact Us.
The magic begins
on the page . . .
You Could Win Our
$25,000 GRAND PRIZE
Early Entry DiscountDeadline: January 15
ENTER TODAY
Type and Press “enter” to Search