https://pageawards.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use
This Website pageawards.com is owned and operated by the PAGE International Screenwriting Awards (“PAGE Awards”). By accessing and using this Website, you are hereby agreeing to be legally bound by the following Terms of Use (“Agreement”):
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
The content and design of this Website, including but not limited to the programming, text, images, artwork, photographs, illustrations, graphic material, video, audio, other copyrightable elements and the selection and arrangement thereof, are the property of the PAGE Awards and/or its parent company, subsidiaries, affiliates or assigns and are protected, without limitation, pursuant to U.S. and foreign copyright, trademark and other applicable laws. The Website is also protected as a collective work or compilation under U.S. copyright and other laws and treaties, and all individual elements making up the Website are also copyrighted works.
By using the Website, you agree to abide by all applicable copyright and other laws, as well as any additional copyright notices or restrictions contained in the Website. You agree not to reproduce, publish, distribute, display, broadcast, circulate, rent, lease or loan this Website or any of its elements or content to any third party (including, without limitation, display and distribution via a third party website) without the express prior written consent of the PAGE Awards. You agree not to disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer, modify or create derivative works from this Website or its content for any purposes whatsoever. You further agree that you will not use any network monitoring or discovery software to determine the site architecture or extract information about usage or users, nor will you use any robot, spider, other automatic device or manual process to monitor or copy this Website or its content.
Any unauthorized use of this Website is strictly prohibited and may subject the offender to civil liability and criminal prosecution under applicable federal and state laws.
USE OF WEBSITE
The PAGE Awards hereby grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-assignable and non-transferable license to access and use the Website for non-commercial and personal use only. You may not sell or modify the Website, and you may not reproduce, display, publicly perform, distribute, or otherwise use the Website in any way for any public or commercial purpose.
As an express condition of your use of the Website, you warrant to the PAGE Awards that you will not use the Website for any unlawful purpose or purpose prohibited by this Agreement. If you violate any part of this Agreement, your permission to use the Website automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any copies you have made of any material obtained through the Website.
RESTRICTIONS ON USE
You agree not to use, transfer, distribute or dispose of any information contained in this Website in any manner that could compete with the business of the PAGE Awards.
You agree to protect the proprietary rights of the PAGE Awards and all others having rights in this Website and its content during and after the term of this Agreement and to comply with all reasonable written requests made by the PAGE Awards or its parent company, subsidiaries, affiliates or suppliers to protect their contractual, statutory and common law rights.
You agree to notify the PAGE Awards in writing promptly upon becoming aware of any unauthorized access or use of the Website by any party or of any claim that the Website infringes upon any copyright, trademark or other contractual, statutory or common law rights.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the PAGE Awards, its parent company, subsidiaries and affiliates, their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, representatives, and third party providers from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from any violation of this Agreement by you.
You agree to pay any and all costs, damages and expenses, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs awarded against or otherwise incurred by or in connection with or arising from any such claim, suit, action or proceeding attributable to any such violation.
PRIVACY
We respect the privacy of our users. We will not disclose any personal information about you or your use of our Website or services except to conform to legal requirements, comply with legal process, or facilitate your script submission. (For more details, please read our Privacy Policy.)
ERRORS AND CORRECTIONS
The PAGE Awards does not represent or warrant that this Website will be error-free, free of viruses or other harmful components, or that the information contained herein will be entirely correct. The PAGE Awards may make improvements and/or changes to the Website’s features, functionality and content at any time.
MODIFICATIONS TO TERMS OF USE
The PAGE Awards may modify these Terms of Use at any time for any reason in its sole discretion, without notice. Accordingly, please continue to review this Agreement whenever accessing this Website.
Your use of this Website or any service on this Website after the posting of modifications to the Agreement will constitute your acceptance of the Terms of Use, as modified. If at any time you do not wish to accept these Terms of Use, you may not use this Website.
GOVERNING LAW
This Agreement and all matters or issues collateral thereto will be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the Laws of the State of California applicable to contracts executed and performed entirely therein (without regard to any principles of conflict of laws). Jurisdiction for any court action shall reside in Los Angeles County in the State of California with respect to any legal proceedings that may arise in connection with the Website or from a dispute as to the interpretation or breach of this Agreement.
The magic begins
on the page . . .
You Could Win Our
$25,000 GRAND PRIZE
Early Entry DiscountDeadline: January 15
ENTER TODAY
Type and Press “enter” to Search