https://parenthesis.org.uk/privacy-statement/
Skip to content
What is this guide for?
Whenever we need to collect any of your data, we will let you know at that point why we need to do so and what it will be used for, but this guide provides a useful overview of all of those situations and
provides more detail on how we keep your data secure and up to date, how long we might hold it for,
and what your rights are in relation to it.
Parenthesis is committed to protecting your personal data and will use any personal or sensitive
data we collect from you in line with the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR).
Who’s responsible for data the group collects?
Parenthesis is a Data Controller under the GDPR. Parenthesis’s Data Protection Officer is:————-
———– who can be contacted at ————–
What data do we collect and what do we use it for?
Parenthesis collects data from individuals to help us plan, organise and run the day-to-day
operations of the group (e.g. co-ordinating rehearsals or collecting subscription payments) and to
promote and market the group’s activities (e.g. concerts and photography/video
capture).
Members: for administering membership
When you join Parenthesis as a member, or during your membership with us, we may need to
collect some of the following information on you:
• Name
• Email address
• Phone number
• Address
• Gift Aid Declarations
• Bank details
• Photos/video footage
This data will be used by committee members to manage your membership with Parenthesis and to
organise and run our activities.
Event attendees: for processing and managing tickets for events
Where our events are ticketed, we need to collect data on the person booking (name and email) in
order to allow you access to the event and to send you a confirmation of your reservation/purchase.
This data will only be used for administering your access to the event/s for which you have booked
and will not be used to send you marketing/promotional messages from the group unless you have
also provided your consent to receive these (see below).
Employees and contractors: for administration and legal/regulatory purposes
We may need (for administration or for legal/regulatory reasons) to collect personal or sensitive data
on employees or contractors of the group. Where this is the case, we will explain what this is for at the
point of collection.
Website visitors: for running and improving our website
We use cookie technology when a person visits our website to collect and analyse anonymised data
on how many people have visited, what pages they have looked at and other statistical information.
We also use cookies to allow members to log in and out in order to view our members-only section.
We use a pop-up banner to let users know about this on their first visit, and they can at any time
disable cookies in their browser if they do not wish their (anonymised) data to be tracked.
You can find out more about cookies at http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
Do we share your data with anyone else?
We will never pass your details on to third parties for marketing purposes.
We sometimes use third party services to process your data (e.g. Google Dive). We will always make
sure any third parties we use are reputable, secure, and process your data in accordance with your
rights under GDPR
.
Are there special measures for children’s data?
We do not knowingly collect or store any personal data about children under the age of 13.
How can you update your data?
You can contact us at any time at [email address] to update or correct the data we hold on you.
How long we will hold your data?
The Parenthesis data retention policy is to review all data held on individuals at least every two
years and remove data where we no longer have a legitimate reason to keep it.
Where you have withdrawn your consent for us to use your data for a particular purpose, we may retain some of your data for up to two years in order to preserve a record of your consent having been withdrawn.
What rights do you have?
Under the GDPR, you have the following rights over your data and its use:
• The right to be informed about what data we are collecting on you and how we will use it
• The right of access – you can ask to see the data we hold on you
• The right to rectification – you can ask that we update or correct your data
• The right to object – you can ask that we stop using your data for a particular purpose
• The right to erasure – you can ask us to delete the data we hold on you
• The right to restrict processing – you can ask that we temporarily stop using your data while the reason for its use or its accuracy are investigated
• Though unlikely to apply to the data we hold and process on you, you also have rights related to portability and automated decision making (including profiling)
All requests related to your rights should be made to the Data Protection Officer at [email address].
We will respond within one month.
You can find out more about your rights on the Information Commission’s Office website
What will we do if anything changes?
If we make changes to our privacy statements or processes we will post the changes here. Where the
changes are significant, we may also choose to email individuals affected with the new details. Where
required by law, will we ask for your consent to continue processing your data after these changes are
made.
Use of Cookies
What are ‘cookies’?
‘Cookies’ are small text files that are stored by the browser (for example, Internet Explorer) on your
computer or electronic device. They allow websites to ‘remember’ you for a period of time so that they
can store things like user preferences and make the website quicker and easier for you to use.
Without cookies, some things on websites would not be able to work: for example, without cookies it
might not be possible to know whether or not you are logged in on a website, which would prevent
you from being able to see content restricted to logged-in users.
How does the Parenthesis website use cookies?
A visit to a page on the Parenthesis website may create the following types of cookie:
• Registration and preferences cookies
• Anonymous analytics cookies
Registration and preferences cookies
When you register with Parenthesis, we generate cookies that let us know whether you are signed
in or not. Our servers use these cookies to work out which account you are signed in with, and if you
are allowed access to a particular service. It also allows us to associate any comments you post with
your username. If you have not selected ‘keep me signed in’, your cookies get deleted when you
either close your browser or shut down your computer.
Anonymous analytics cookies
Every time someone visits our website, software provided by other organisations Google Analytics,
Wordpress generates an ‘anonymous analytics cookie’.
These cookies can tell us whether or not you have visited the site before and what pages you
visit. Your browser will tell us if you have these cookies and, if you don’t, we generate new ones. This
allows us to track how many individual users we have, and how often they visit the site. We use them
to gather statistics, for example, the number of visits to a page, to help us identify if visitors would
benefit from more information on a particular area.
How do I turn cookies off?
It is usually possible to stop your browser accepting cookies, or to stop it accepting cookies from a
particular website.
All modern browsers allow you to change your cookie settings. You can usually find these settings in
the ‘options’ or ‘preferences’ menu of your browser. To understand these settings, the following links
may be helpful, or you can use the ‘Help’ option in your browser for more details.
• Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
• Cookie settings in Firefox
• Cookie settings in Chrome
• Cookie settings in Safari
Please note: switching off cookies may prevent some aspects of our website from working fully (e.g.
you may not be able to access our members-only).
Useful links
You can find out more about cookies and their use on the internet from www.allaboutcookies.org
join our choir
David cottam, chairman
Our thriving choir is always keen to welcome new members. We are a friendly bunch, who love to sing, socialise and generally have a good time. We also enjoy visiting our friends in the French Alps, La Stephanelle, and making Music together. So if you think this sounds like the place for you do get in touch.
Get in touch
Menu
Home
about
events
rehearsals
News
Contact
Use this link to purchase from amazon and earn £s for the choir!
News
Tebe Poem (We Sing to You) Audio File
June 20, 2020
Workshop with Christine Cairns
February 11, 2020
The Manchester Carols
January 10, 2020
Privacy statement | GDPR
Scroll to Top