https://patboran.com/privacy-policy/
Pat BoranMENUMENUHomeAboutBooksPOETRYThen Again (2019)A Man Is Only As Good (2017)Waveforms: Bull Island Haiku (2015)The Next Life (2012)New and Selected Poems (2007)As the Hand, the Glove (2001)The Shape of Water (1996)Familiar Things (1993)The Unwound Clock (1991)PROSEThe Invisible Prison (2018)The Portable Creative Writing Workshop (2013)A Short History of Dublin (2000)All the Way from China (1999)BOOKS IN TRANSLATIONANTHOLOGIES (as editor)BlogMediaVideosPoem CardsPublicity PhotosContactPRIVACY POLICY etcWho we are The address of this website is www.patboran.com. It is the personal website of Irish poet and writer, Pat Boran and its purposes is to provide information about his publications and other literary work.What personal data we collect and why We use your Personal Information only for providing us with feedback on your use of this site and for helping to improve its function and usefulness. By using this site you agree to the collection and use of such information in accordance with this policy.Information Collection and Use While using this site and/or using this site to correspond with us, you may be required to provide certain personally identifiable information which can be used to identify and contact you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to: your name, address, telephone contact number and other personal information, internet log data. Like many site operators, we may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our site, to the extent that this is relevant to the nature and purpose of this site. As this is not a commercial we do not request or have any interest in the financial details of our visitors; visitors who wish to purchase items that are included on this site are directed to a dedicated ecommerce site and those transaction details are not shared with us.Contact Forms As per the above, contact forms on this site are for the explicit purpose of collecting the personal information of visitors. This information is required in order to communicate with visitors at a later date, to inform them of new publications, events and other information relevant to this site and for no other purpose. Again, personally identifiable information sought may include, but is not limited to: your name, address, telephone contact number and other personal information, internet log data. Comments Where visitors avail of the opportunity to leave comments on this site, we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help with spam detection.An anonymized string created from the visitor’s email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to determine if they are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of a comment, a visitor’s profile picture is visible to the public in the context of the comment. Visitors should proceed on the understanding that any comment they make on a post or other element of this site, if and when passed by the site administrator, will be visible to all other site visitors, and they should compose their comments accordingly. Similarly the site administrator will determine and decide for himself whether such comments offered for publication are suitable and will be either to publish or to delete them without publishing.Cookies Comments left on this site may require saving the visitor’s name, email address and website in the form of cookies. These are for the visitor’s convenience so that it is not necessary to re-enter all of the required details on subsequent visits. These cookies will last for 180 days only.Logging in to this site will also set up several cookies to save  login information and screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If the visitor selects “Remember Me”, login cookies will persist for two weeks. Login cookies will be automatically removed upon logout.Embedded content from other websites Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.What rights you have over your data If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.Where we send your data Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.How we protect your data Your data is at all times kept on a secure third party server maintained by one of the world’s leading website hosting providers, equipped with industry-leading encryption security, and we maintain a log of your name, postal address and other contact details only to be able to contract or respond to you in the future. At no point are your financial details available to us or shared with any other party through this site.Contact Us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us!
This site uses cookies. Click OK to accept and proceed, or read our detailed Privacy Policy for more info. Find out moreOK