https://patricksamphire.com/privacy-and-data-policy/
Home
Books
Shadow of a Dead God
Chapter 1
The Dinosaur Hunters
Read the Opening
A Spy in the Deep
Read the Opening
Secrets of the Dragon Tomb
Chapter 1
Meet the Characters
Reviews!
The Emperor of Mars
Chapter 1
Reviews!
Bone Roads
Short Stories
About Me
Press Kit
Photo and Cover Downloads
Reviews
Blog
Contact Me
Privacy and Data Policy
Who I am
My website address is: https://patricksamphire.com. You may also have accessed this website through the web address http://www.patricksamphire.co.uk/, which redirects to this site.
The website is owned and administered by Patrick Samphire.
What personal data I collect and why I collect it
When you visit this website and/or fill in forms on this website, some of your data may be retained and processed as follows:
1. Newsletter Subscriptions
If you have signed up to receive my writing newsletter, the information you provide, specifically your name and email address, will be stored by Mailchimp for the specific purpose of sending you the newsletters.
If you have signed up to for a notification of either a book publication or when my design services become available, the information you provide, specifically your name and email address, will be stored by Mailchimp for the specific purpose of sending you the notification and will be deleted after the notification has been sent.
Mailchimp privacy policy and terms of use. By signing up to the newsletter or notifications, you agree to be bound by these policies and terms.
The newsletters may include giveaways, extracts or full stories, writing tips, news, and other information regarding my stories and novels. I may also tell you about other books or stories I have enjoyed and what I have been doing. You will only receive these newsletters if you actively signed up on this website or directly through Mailchimp.
Some additional data, such as whether you opened the newsletters, may be stored. Mailchimp may also store your IP address and an impression of your sign-up form in order to confirm that you have consented to subscribing to the newsletter.
You can unsubscribe from the newsletter or notifications at any point.
2. Blog Notifications
If you have signed up to be notified of blog entries or to be emailed blog entries, or to receive notification of blog comments, your email address will be stored either by this website or by WordPress.com or both. It will be used only to send you the requested blog entries or comments published on this website. It will not be shared with or sold to any third party. You can unsubscribe from notifications at any point.
3. Contact Form
If you fill in and send the contact form, the information you provide (name, email, website address, and message) as well as your IP address may be stored indefinitely by the website for the purposes of maintaining a record of conversations and of replying to messages. The information may also be forwarded to my personal email account for ease of reply. This information is not used for marketing purposes and will not be shared with anyone else. In common with other data submitted, you may request the deletion of this data.
4. Comments
If you fill in and submit the comment form on a blog entry or web page, the information you provide (name, email, website address, and message) as well as your IP address and browser user agent string will be collected to help spam detection and may be stored on the website database for the purposes of maintaining a record of conversations and of replying to comments. The information, with the exception of your email address, IP address, and browser user agent string, may be displayed as a comment on the appropriate page or post. The information may also be forwarded to my personal email account for ease of reply.
An anonymised string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Visitor comments are checked through Akismet, an automated spam detection service. The information includes the commenter’s IP address, user agent, referrer, and Site URL (along with other information directly provided by the commenter such as their name, username, email address, and the comment itself).
5. Cookies
If you leave a comment on this site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year, unless you delete them before that date.
In addition, when you load the website, a simple cookie will be set for comment security. It consists of a short alphanumeric string. Its purpose is to ensure that comments come from visitors to the website and not from spam bots. This cookie will last for one week, unless you delete it before that date. It does not contain any personally identifiable information.
6. Embedded Content from Other Websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
7. Analytics
In common with most websites, certain information, such as IP address, WordPress.com user ID (if logged in), WordPress.com username (if logged in), user agent, visiting URL, referring URL, timestamp of event, browser language, and country code will be stored for the purposes of data analysis so that I can monitor website use and hopefully provide better content. This website uses WordPress Site Stats for this purpose. Information gathered may be processed by wordpress.com, jetpack.com, automattic.com or another site related to WordPress.com in order to perform the analysis.
This data is anonymised so that I cannot see any data that identifies a specific user. I am only able to see generalised data, such as the number of visits to a particular page, rather than who visited it.
This website respects the Do Not Track header (DNT). If you set your browser preferences to Do Not Track, then the Site Stats analytics will not track what you do on the website.
You can find out more about the data gathered and how it is processed at the Site Stats webpage. The WordPress Site Stats privacy policy is here.
8. Site Search
All searches performed using the internal site search are logged in the database, including the following information: the search query, the number of hits found, user ID for users who are logged in, and date and time.
The search logs are stored indefinitely.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, left comments or sent a message through the contact form, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data I hold about you, including any data you have provided to me. You can also request that I erase any personal data I hold about you. This does not include any data I am obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
If you have any concerns about the use or storage of your data, please feel free to contact me.
Newsletter sign-up
Subscribe to newsletter for news, special offers, exclusive previews, and to get your free book.
First Name (optional):
Surname (optional):
Email address:
I have read and agree to the terms & conditions
Leave this field empty if you’re human:
Back to top