http://paula-abdul.com/html/privacy_policy.php
Paula AbdulOfficial Fan Site
Paula AbdulOfficial Fan SiteHomeAbout PaulaDanceMusicFilm/TVNewsVideosLyricsFan Pics
Privacy Policy
Effective as of January 1, 2014 (the “Effective Date”)
This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) applies to Paula-Abdul.com, Paula-Abdul.net, (collectively “Paula-Abdul.net”) and family of web sites (the “Sites”). These sites include any other web sites at which this Policy appears. It does NOT apply to other online or offline web sites.
This Policy explains what information we collect about you and what we do with it. We reserve the right to modify this Policy at any time, and we will notify you of any material changes to the Policy by posting the new Policy here and changing the “Effective Date” at the top. We may also use alternative methods to alert you to changes to the Policy. We encourage you to check this page periodically for any changes. By using or navigating any of the Sites or any portion of the Sites, you acknowledge that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by this Policy or any modified Policy as posted. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use or visit any of the Sites or any portion of the Sites.
What information do we collect?
We collect personal information that you provide to us such as your name, e-mail address, street address and telephone number. We generally collect this personal information on our registration and order forms when you sign up to receive products or services from one of the Sites. When you participate in special events such as contests and polls, you may be asked to provide your name, e-mail, username and password, telephone number and birth date. We may also collect information from our online surveys if you choose to participate, such as age, gender, etc.
When you visit any of our Sites, we collect certain anonymous demographic information about you, including your IP address, zip code and browser program. We also collect information regarding your use of the Sites through the use of cookies (see below for more about cookies).
If you choose to post messages, comments or other information in one of the public forums on any of our Sites, we will maintain on the Sites such information about you as you choose to disclose in your posting.
If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, we may collect such information into a file specific to you. We will maintain a record or notes of communications with you regarding your account.
How do we use your information?
We use your information in order to process your requests, custom profile, to facilitate your viewing of our Sites, to communicate with you, and to provide you with information about Paula-Abdul.net, and some of our partners and third party companies in which we think you may be interested. We also use this information to compile broad demographic and Site usage information about our users in general that does not contain anything that could be used to identify you personally.
Paula-Abdul.net uses your e-mail address to contact you when necessary and if you have subscribed to our mailing list, to send periodic e-mail newsletters and promotional e-mails to you about Paula Abdul related services and products offered by third party companies in which we think you may be interested. You can opt-out from receiving such messages at anytime you desire from inside the Fan Central control panel located on our Site.
We may also use IP addresses and anonymous demographic information to tailor your experiences at our Sites by showing content in which we think you will be interested and displaying content according to your preferences. Anonymous demographic information may be shared with advertisers and market researchers on an aggregate basis.  No personal identifying information will be shared with third-party contacts without your prior consent.
We also use information collected to evaluate and improve our services. We may develop and use, in our sole discretion, consumer research, which may be based on your use of our services.
Personal information collected on and/or through the Sites is stored and processed in the United States and by using any of the Sites, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country to the U.S.
Do we share the information we collect with third parties?
In some cases, we will share information we collect (including personal information and/or anonymous demographic information) with third party companies who may offer products or services in which we believe you may be interested. We also share this information with third parties with whom we partner to co-promote and administer sweepstakes and contests on our Sites.
We may also share information we collect with third party service providers to manage certain aspects of the services we provide, such as maintaining our servers and processing or fulfilling orders for products and services you purchase through the Sites.
We may also disclose your information in special cases if required to do so by law, court order or governmental authority or when we believe in good faith that disclosing this information is otherwise necessary or advisable, including, for instance, to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interfering with the rights or property of Paula-Abdul.net, another user or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities.
In the event of a change in ownership or a merger with, acquisition by, or sale of assets to, another entity, we reserve the right to transfer all user information collected in connection with the Sites, including but not limited to email addresses, to a separate entity. Paula-Abdul.net will notify you (via a posting on the Sites or the Policy or via email (in our discretion)) of such a transfer, and you may choose to modify your registration information at that time. This means that if you are concerned about your personal data migrating to a new owner, you can deactivate your account.
Is the information submitted in public forums confidential?
No. The Sites may offer chat rooms, forums, message boards and/or news groups to our users. Please remember that any information disclosed in these areas becomes public information. Accordingly, you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information in any public forum, and you do so at your own risk.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are pieces of information generated by web servers and stored on your computer for future access. The Sites use cookie technology to enhance your online experience by making it easier for you to navigate through our Sites or to make a feature work better. Generally, cookies can be disabled at your discretion. However, you must accept cookies in order to navigate the Sites; register for a subscription to any of the Sites.
How secure is your information?
Paula-Abdul.net takes reasonable precautions to maintain the security of any information obtained from and about you and to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of information under our control. We may employ a third party payment processors provide you with a secure web page through which to submit your billing information of any of our Sites, and we are not responsible for their handling or use of your information. The personally identifiable information held by Paula-Abdul.net is stored in a secure location behind a firewall with limited administrative access.
In addition, your subscriber account is secured by a password created by you. Do not share your password with anyone. It is your responsibility to keep your password confidential, and Paula-Abdul.net / the Site Owner cannot be held liable for any loss or misuse of your password.
Does this Policy apply to any linked web sites other than the Sites?
No. The Sites may contain links to other Internet sites, resources and sources of Paula-Abdul.net. By clicking on any banner advertisement or other link, you will be redirected off the Sites and to third party web site(s).
Paula-Abdul.net is not responsible for the privacy policies or content of such web sites. You should make sure that you read and understand the privacy policies of these sites and direct any concerns regarding external links to the site administrator or webmaster of that third party web site.
How do you unsubscribe from emails sent by Paula-Abdul.net?
The easiest way to unsubscribe is to log into Fan Central and click the Newsletter link.  You can quickly unsubscribe from the Newsletter feature from that page.
All e-mails you receive from us usually includes specific instructions on how to unsubscribe, and you may unsubscribe at any time. Additionally, we give you the following options for removing your information from our database:
(1) Send an email to our Support Center by clicking here (please indicate that you would like to be unsubscribed from Paula-Abdul.net emails);
(2) Select the opt-out link at the bottom of any Paula-Abdul.net email and follow the instructions provided;
(3) Send a letter to the following address:
Paula-Abdul.com
c/o Email Removal Team
Box 731, Clackamas, OR 97015
Please note, however, you cannot opt out of receiving emails from us regarding your account and/or the status of an order.
How do you update/correct your information?
You may correct or update the personal information you have provided to Paula-Abdul.net by logging into the user control panel at www.Paula-Abdul.net/fancentral or by sending us an email by clicking here.
Please note, however, that even if you update or remove your personal information from our live database, your data may be retained in our backup files and archives.
Got more questions? We can help!
Paula-Abdul.net recognizes the importance of protecting your privacy. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of our Sites or your dealings with Paula-Abdul.net, please contact us by clicking here or by mail at Box 731, Clackamas, OR 97015.
Please note that persons under the age of 13 are prohibited from viewing our Sites, and Paula-Abdul.net does not knowingly collect any personal information from persons under the age of 18.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California residents who have an established business relationship with Paula-Abdul.net may choose to opt out of disclosing personal information about them to third parties for marketing purposes.
From time to time, we may share your personal information with carefully screened companies that offer products or services that we believe you may enjoy. If you do not want us to share your personal information with such third parties, please send us your name, email address, street address and phone number by clicking here. Your opt out request will be processed within 30 days of the date it was received.
DanceMusicToursFilmSpeaker
-top-