https://pencanada.ca/privacy/
PEN Canada envisions a world wherewriters are free to write,readers are free to read,and freedom of expression prevails
home
News
news from PEN
PEN in the news
Events
act
Emergency Fund
Know Your Rights
Cell Phone Searches
Books in Prison
Protest & Demonstration
Public Photography
Campaigns
join
Advocate
donate
sponsor
volunteer
programs
writers in prison
Canadian Issues Program
Writers in Exile
PEN in the Community
New Voices Award
Escribir sin Miedo Prize
Ken Filkow Prize
One Humanity Award
Blog
about
Mission, Vision, Values
Background
Board Members
Annual & Special Reports
Our Supporters
Contact
privacy policy
PEN Canada is committed to protecting your privacy and we recognize the importance of privacy and are committed to maintaining the accuracy, confidentiality and security of your personal information. We are also careful to ensure that information is used responsibly, and only for the purposes for which it is provided.
This Privacy Policy describes the types of personal information that PEN Canada collects and how personal information is managed.  We have created this Privacy Policy in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to protecting the privacy of all of our members, donors, and volunteers.
This Privacy Policy is intended to comply with the federal government’s privacy legislation, the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act.  We want you to understand how and under what circumstances your personal information is collected, used and disclosed, as well as what PEN Canada is doing to ensure that your information is used according to good business practices and is protected accordingly.
What is Personal Information?
Personal information is information that identifies you as an individual, such as name, address, telephone number, age, credit card information, and banking information. Information that is publicly available, such as a telephone book listing, is not considered to be personal information.
Personal Information Collection and Used by PEN Canada
The information that PEN Canada collects is the minimum information required to establish and maintain a service, volunteer, member or donor relationship with you. This includes:
•    Contact and identification information (name, address, phone number, e-mail);
•    Donation information (date of gift, amount of gift, the name of spouse or partner if it was a joint gift);
•    Financial information (payment methods and preferences, billing and banking information, credit card number and expiry date or chequing account transit numbers to process your donation); and
•    Other personal information used for purposes that a reasonable person would consider appropriate in the circumstances.
PEN Canada does not collect personal information about you without your knowledge and consent and PEN Canada is committed to ensuring that information is collected by fair and lawful means.
Personal Information Disclosure by PEN Canada
PEN Canada generally collects your personal information directly from you and only with your consent. PEN Canada uses your personal information for fundraising, to process donations and to respond to requests for services and information, and to keep you informed about our programs and activities.
If the purpose for using your personal information changes from the time since such consent was obtained, PEN Canada will advise you of this purpose before such use or disclosure.
If you do not wish PEN Canada to use or disclose your personal information for purposes other than for which it was collected, or if you do not want to receive any materials from PEN Canada, please contact PEN Canada’s privacy officer listed below.
PEN Canada reserves the right to disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, respond to claims or to protect the rights, property or safety of PEN Canada, its members or the public.
When Do We Share Your Personal Information
There are some circumstances where we may share some personal information about our users, members and donors with a third party.  For example:
1.    Your personal information may be disclosed to a company or individual employed by PEN Canada to perform functions on our behalf such as data processing or document retention.  Any such disclosure of your personal information is made on a strictly confidential basis, and the information is to be used only for the purpose for which it was shared.  PEN Canada ensures that the company or individual adheres to this Privacy Policy.
2.    Subject to applicable regulations, we may disclose your personal information to a government agency, court, or law enforcement  personnel.
Personal Information Protection by PEN Canada
We recognize our obligations to protect personal information.  We have therefore made arrangements to secure against the unauthorized access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification and disposal of personal information. PEN Canada considers personal information provided by you to be private and confidential and accordingly we treat it with care.
Storage of Personal Information
PEN Canada aims to ensure that any personal information provided is accurate, complete and current as required for the purposes for which the information is used. Personal information is subject to the laws of the country where it is stored.
Consent to Use of Personal Information
By submitting personal information to PEN Canada, you acknowledge and agree that you have consented to the collection, use and disclosure practices set out in this Privacy Policy as they relate to your personal information.  You may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting PEN Canada’s privacy officer as set out below.
Accessing, Correcting or Updating Your Personal Information
At any time, you may request that we correct or update your personal information by contacting PEN Canada’s privacy officer as set out below.  PEN Canada will use reasonable efforts to ensure that your personal information is accurate and current.
Contacting PEN Canada
If you have any requests, questions or comments about your personal information or this Privacy Policy, you may contact us in one of the following ways:
By email: vsdewaard[at]pencanada.ca
By mail: PEN Canada, 425 Adelaide St. W., Suite 700, Toronto, ON, M5V 3C1
This Privacy Policy may be changed from time to time without notice.  Revisions will be posted on PEN Canada’s website. This Privacy Policy is dated August 22, 2012.
Newsletter
Email address:
Leave this field empty if you're human:
guides
EventsNo eventsfeatured topics
Can the Police Search my Phone?
Honduras
India
Public Photography is No Crime
Surveillance
BLOG
COVID-19 has Deepened Our Dependence on Surveillance Technology
November 24, 2020 at 10:03 pm
Regulate Social Media – In a Way That Makes Sense
November 24, 2020 at 10:03 pm
The Silence After Khashoggi
November 9, 2020 at 5:26 pm
Tweets by @PENCanada
News Releases provided by Cision
PEN BOOKS Finding the Words: Writers on Inspiration, Desire, War, Celebrity, Exile, and Breaking the Rules
© PEN Canada 2019 ·
401 Richmond St. W., Suite 258, Toronto, Ontario, M5V 3A8 · Phone: 416 703 8448
· Charitable Business Number 88916 2541 RR0001
privacy policy
Terms & Conditions of Use