http://philiplarkin.com/privacy-policy/
The PLS Privacy Policy
In this policy, whenever you see the words ‘we’ and ‘us’ they refer to the Philip Larkin Society.
Information collected and its use
The information we collect consists of any personal details you knowingly provide to us through forms and email, such as name, postal address, e-address, telephone number etc. By joining you agree that the Society may hold your personal details to use solely in connection with the work of the Society.
We only collect bank details if you request the Society to make payment of expenses or money owed by bank transfer.   In such cases details are stored on the Barclays online system.  All records of individual’s bank details are destroyed as soon as they are set up on the system.  All credit card payments for goods or services are made through ‘Paypal’.   As a result the Society does not have access to credit card details.
Any information collected will be used:
To process your request for membership/renewal of membership of the Society.
To process any request for tickets and merchandise.
To provide you, as a member, with copies of About Larkin, the Society’s Journal.
To send you, as a member, formal notice of the Society’s AGM and related papers.
To forward specific information about the Society and activities related to our charitable objects.
To process Gift Aid declarations, in which case your authorisation allows us to contact HMRC to enable the Gift Aid to be credited to PLS accounts.
We keep your information secure by means of password-protected software and by other physical means.
We will delete your records if you have not re-joined the Society for five consecutive years, except in case of statutory/legal requirements.
Your Rights
You have the right to request a copy of any information that we currently hold about you. In order to receive such information, please send your contact details including address to: The Philip Larkin Society, General Secretary, 35 Newland Park, Hull HU5 2DN.
[maxbutton id="1"]
@LGCPTweets We doubt that answers to questions like this can be found out when it comes to poetry.
PhilipLarkinSociety
@PLSoc
7 hours ago
Last day of this special offer! https://t.co/2u79PQJz09
2
4
PhilipLarkinSociety
@PLSoc
1 day ago
Don’t miss this! https://t.co/yV1eTHPsgl
2
PhilipLarkinSociety
@PLSoc
2 days ago
Follow @PLSoc
SIGN UP TO OUR MAILING LIST
Email address:
Leave this field empty if you're human:
FIND US ON
Privacy Policy
Copyright All Rights Reserved © 2019 / humandesign.co.uk
Start typing and press Enter to search
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.