https://philharmonic-association.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Loading...
Privacy PolicyBob Morrow2018-03-14T22:37:24+00:00
Philharmonic Association, Inc. Policy Document:
Online Privacy Policy Agreement
Download as PDF
THE PHILHARMONIC ASSOCIATION, INC., (PA), is committed to keeping any and all personal information collected from those individuals who visit our website and make use of our online facilities and services accurate, confidential, secure and private. Our privacy policy has been designed and created to ensure those affiliated with THE PHILHARMONIC ASSOCIATION, INC. of our commitment and realization of our obligation not only to meet but to exceed most existing privacy standards.
THEREFORE, this Privacy Policy Agreement shall apply to THE PHILHARMONIC ASSOCIATION, INC., and thus it shall govern any and all data collection and usage thereof. Through the use of the online services described in this document, you are herein consenting to the following data procedures expressed within this agreement.
Overview of Online Services
The PHILHARMONIC ASSOCIATION, INC. maintains a web presence using two online platforms. Philharmonic-Association.org is our public facing domain and NC-TYM.Wikispaces.com is an agile platform for staff and participants that enables staff to quickly update and more easily disseminate granular and frequently changing information. These two platforms constitute our primary online presence (“online properties”) and are branding vehicles.
Our online properties interconnect with a growing constellation of third party services. Registration forms collect and store data using FormAssembly that is also exported to and stored at Salesforce. FormAssembly and Salesforce are password protected and only used by PA staff. PA financial data and reports are stored in and generated using cloud-based accounting software and backed up to a local drive. The only time THE PHILHARMONIC ASSOCIATION takes credit card information is through PayPal. No actionable or sensitive financial information is retained by the PA from the transaction except as required by PayPal to occasionally issue refunds or other routine business operations.
Philharmonic-Association.org and domain-based e-mail accounts are currently hosted on GoDaddy.com whose management console is password protected and only accessed by Executive Director, PA staff, and board-approved volunteers. Web development and multimedia materials are backed up to an Amazon Web Services S3 repository in the cloud. Most PA staff and volunteers utilize Gmail or other third-party e-mail services. PA staff use Vertical Response to manage and execute e-mail communications to a participant list (see “Unsubscribe or Opt-Out of E-Mail Communications” below). The PA uses TeamUp.com to maintain and share calendar information. The management console for our calendars is also password protected and accessed only by Executive Director, staff, and board-approved volunteers using TeamUp.com. Photographic assets have been stored and shared on Snapfish and various multimedia assets are stored and shared using YouTube. The PA has “official” social media accounts on Facebook and Twitter.
Collection of Information
Our online properties collect various types of information, such as:
Voluntarily provided information which may include your name, address, e-mail address, billing and/or credit card information etc., which may be used when you purchase products and/or services and to deliver the services you have requested.
Information automatically collected when visiting our website, which may include cookies, third party tracking technologies and server logs.
THE PHILHARMONIC ASSOCIATION, INC. also captures, retains and shares photos and video of rehearsals, auditions, and concerts. The photos and video are used to promote concerts and participation (publicity materials), for grants, on our website and newsletters.
Please rest assured that our online properties shall only collect personal information that you knowingly and willingly provide by way of surveys, completed membership forms, and e-mails (online and hard copy format). It is our intention to use personal information only for the purpose for which it was requested and any additional uses specifically provided on this site.
THE PHILHARMONIC ASSOCIATION, INC. collects anonymous demographic information, such as age, gender, and race. THE ASSOCIATION already asks for birth date, gender and ethnicity on the application form for participants, and including ethnicity of parents and work place. Birth date is used to create or find the unique record for each musician in Salesforce. Ethnicity is asked by granting organizations to determine grant qualifications.
Use of Information Collected
THE PHILHARMONIC ASSOCIATION, INC. collects and makes use of personal information such as zip code, e-mail and phone numbers to assist in the operation of the organization The Philharmonic Association makes contact information available to Administrative and Artistic Staff, and parent volunteers such as Ensemble Coordinators, Attendance Volunteers, and Parents on Call have access to carry out their respective duties.
THE PHILHARMONIC ASSOCIATION, INC. does not now, nor will it in the future, sell, rent or lease any of our customer lists and/or names to any third parties. Additionally, PA will only direct information by e-mail from third parties to our members if it is not an advertisement and deemed to be in the best interests of PA and its participants.
THE PHILHARMONIC ASSOCIATION, INC. may disclose your personal information, without prior notice to you, only if required to do so in accordance with applicable laws and/or in a good faith belief that such action is deemed necessary or is required to:
Remain in conformance with any decrees, laws and/or statutes or to comply with any process which may be served upon THE PHILHARMONIC ASSOCIATION, INC. and/or our online properties;
Maintain, safeguard and/or preserve all the rights and/or property of THE PHILHARMONIC ASSOCIATION, INC.;
Perform under demanding conditions to safeguard the personal safety of users of our online properties and/or the general public.
There may be times when PA needs to use e-mail address information while doing business.
Unsubscribe or Opt-Out of E-Mail Communications
PA members may opt out of receiving our e-newsletters sent through Vertical Response by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the e-newsletter.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our online properties may contain links to affiliate and other online publications. THE PHILHARMONIC ASSOCIATION, INC. does not claim nor accept responsibility for any privacy policies, practices and/or procedures of other such websites. Therefore, we encourage all users and visitors to be aware when they leave our online properties and to read the privacy statements of any website that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy Agreement applies solely to the information collected by our online properties.
Security
THE PHILHARMONIC ASSOCIATION, INC. shall endeavor and shall take every precaution to maintain adequate physical, procedural and technical security with respect to our offices and information storage facilities in an effort to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or modification of the user’s personal information under our control.
Changes to Privacy Policy Agreement
THE PHILHARMONIC ASSOCIATION, INC. reserves the right to update and/or change the terms of this Privacy Policy Agreement, and as such we will post those change to our online properties at:
https://philharmonic-association.org/privacy-policy.html
https://nc-tym.wikispaces.com/Philharmonic+Association+Privacy+Policy
…so that our visitors and/or users are always aware of the type of information we collect, how it will be used, and under what circumstances, if any, we may disclose such information. If at any point in time THE PHILHARMONIC ASSOCIATION, INC. decides to make use of any personally identifiable information on file, in a manner vastly different from that which was stated when this information was initially collected, the user or users shall be promptly notified by e-mail. Users at that time shall have the option as to whether to permit the use of their information in this separate manner.
Acceptance of Terms
By using our online properties, you are hereby accepting the terms and conditions stipulated within this Privacy Policy Agreement. If you are not in agreement with our terms and conditions, then you should refrain from further use of our sites. In addition, your continued use of our online properties following the posting of any updates or changes to our terms and conditions shall mean that you agree and accept of such changes.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding the Privacy Policy Agreement related to our website, please feel free to contact us at the following e-mail, telephone number or mailing address.
E-mail:
president@philharmonic-association.org
Telephone Number:
(919) 645-8434
Mailing Address:
THE PHILHARMONIC ASSOCIATION, INC.
410 Glenwood Avenue, Suite 170
Raleigh, North Carolina 27603
PA Privacy Policy Agreement Rev4 2017/05/22
Meet Our Supporters The Philharmonic Association wishes to thank and acknowledge the following organizations and corporations for their funding support.
Go to Top