https://pillingermouthpieces.co.uk/privacy-policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://pillingermouthpieces.co.uk.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
The only personal data we collect i:
Your email address via our contact form. We need this in order to be eable to respond.
Your email address and shipping address if you buy a mouthpiece. We retain this data as required for our accounting and tax purposes. If you need to discuss your mouthpiece by phone we will also have your phone number.
We do not and will not divulge or sell any of youre data to third parties.
Exercise Your Rights
Contact us to request details of or erasure of your personal data
Follow:  Share:
This catalogue aims to provide a comprehensive list of all the mouthpieces produced in Edward Pillinger’s workshop. In addition to originally designed handmade mouthpieces, Edward Pillinger creates reproductions of rare, historic and otherwise ‘special’ mouthpieces. Bb Clarinet Mouthpieces Models F1, Read More ...
The design of these mouthpieces is the result of research and collaboration with several distinguished jazz saxophonists. The mouthpieces are made from the same high quality materials as the clarinet mouthpieces. Also available in bronzite, a special blend of synthetic Read More ...
Maker of Clarinet & Saxophone Mouthpieces   Pillinger Mouthpieces are the result of years of research into the effects of design and the significance of materials on tone and response. In addition to a well centred tone, Pillinger mouthpieces offer Read More ...
Scroll Up
About
Edward Pillinger
What’s New
Choosing a Mouthpiece
Reeds & Tone
Comments
Ligature Solutions
Saxophone
Mouthpieces
Soprano
Alto
Tenor
Baritone
Saxophone Facings
Clarinet
Bb Clarinet Mouthpieces
Eb & Bass Clarinet mouthpieces
Clarinet Facings
Buying
Prices
Payments
Terms & Conditions
Contact
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead more