https://pillingermouthpieces.co.uk/terms-conditions
Product availability and pricing
All Pillinger mouthpieces are handmade so stock is often limited. Items which are available will be sent within 5 working days. I aim to supply custom made orders within 28 days, but if a longer delay is anticipated we will contact you as soon as possible.
We do not take payment until your mouthpiece is made and ready for dispatch.
Prices quoted are in UK Sterling.
Trial Period
All mouthpieces must be prepaid before shipping. Mouthpieces are available for a trial period of 14 days from the date of receipt, with a maximum limit of three mouthpieces per order.
Returns, Refunds and Cancellation
All returned mouthpieces must be in original condition without scratches, ligature or teeth marks. Upon completion of inspection, your refund (minus shipping charges) will be processed immediately. If no purchase is made, returned merchandise is subject to a £5 per mouthpiece restocking fee. Please note that return shipping without insurance makes the order the responsibility of the purchaser. If you are returning a mouthpiece because it is unsuitable you will need to pay the shipping costs back to us. If you want to cancel an order before it is dispatched, just phone or email us.
Payment Methods
Cheque (payable to Pillinger Mouthpieces)
Paypal
Electronic Bank Transfer (all charges to be accepted by buyer)
All card payment transactions are made securely through Paypal.
Shipping
For deliveries within the UK we use Royal Mail Special Delivery; this means that your goods will arrive before 1pm the day after dispatch. This service costs £7.
For deliveries to Europe and the rest of the world we use Royal Mail Airsure or International Signed For. This service costs £12.
All these services are trackable.
Privacy Statement
Pillinger Mouthpieces are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our customers.
We only use the information that we collect about you lawfully in accordance with the data protection act 1998.
We do not store credit card details nor do we share customer details with any third parties.
We use the personal information supplied by you to us, to provide the best possible service we can, to process any orders you make and to provide you with information about products and services we offer.
Follow:  Share:
This catalogue aims to provide a comprehensive list of all the mouthpieces produced in Edward Pillinger’s workshop. In addition to originally designed handmade mouthpieces, Edward Pillinger creates reproductions of rare, historic and otherwise ‘special’ mouthpieces. Bb Clarinet Mouthpieces Models F1, Read More ...
The design of these mouthpieces is the result of research and collaboration with several distinguished jazz saxophonists. The mouthpieces are made from the same high quality materials as the clarinet mouthpieces. Also available in bronzite, a special blend of synthetic Read More ...
Maker of Clarinet & Saxophone Mouthpieces   Pillinger Mouthpieces are the result of years of research into the effects of design and the significance of materials on tone and response. In addition to a well centred tone, Pillinger mouthpieces offer Read More ...
Scroll Up
About
Edward Pillinger
What’s New
Choosing a Mouthpiece
Reeds & Tone
Comments
Ligature Solutions
Saxophone
Mouthpieces
Soprano
Alto
Tenor
Baritone
Saxophone Facings
Clarinet
Bb Clarinet Mouthpieces
Eb & Bass Clarinet mouthpieces
Clarinet Facings
Buying
Prices
Payments
Terms & Conditions
Contact
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead more