http://placertheatreballet.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
PLACER THEATRE BALLET PRIVACY POLICY – COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACY
This site is operated by Placer Theatre Ballet. We want to make your experience online satisfying and safe.
Because we gather certain types of information about our users, we feel you should fully understand our policy and the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. This privacy statement discloses what information we gather and how we use it.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you respond to a survey or fill out a form.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To improve our website.
We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service.
Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To process transactions. Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Contact
(916) 953-7422
Contact Us!
Placer Theatre Ballet
4561 Pacific Street Ste. A
Rocklin, CA 95677
(916) 953-7422
info@placertheatreballet.org
First Name *
Last Name *
Email *
Subject *
Message *
Please leave this field empty.