http://plagiarist.com/terms/
[Skip Navigation]
Plagiarist Poetry Sites:
Plagiarist.com | Poetry X | Poetry Discussion Forums | Open Poetry Project | Joycean.org
poetry articles, essays, and reviews at plagiarist.com
Enter our Poetry Contest
Win Cash and Publication!
poetry
Poets
Poems
Top 50
Random Poem
Submit a Poem
analysis
PoetryNotes™ Catalog
Custom Orders
Frequently Asked Questions
articles
magazine
Submission Guidelines
Submit your work
further reading
about us
Contact Us
Links
Plagiarist.com Articles
Terms Of Useby Plagiarist.com Staff
Last Updated: 16 April 2002
Plagiarist.com (Plagiarist) provides this website and all Plagiarist
services subject to compliance with the notices, terms, and conditions
set forth below and on other pages of this website. Any use of
Plagiarist services constitutes acceptance of all such notices, terms,
and conditions. It's a big web, folks - go elsewhere if these terms and
conditions are unpalatable to you. Our policies are the policies by
which you use our site. If you don't like them, you can lump them.
USE OF WEBSITE (Plagiarist.com)
(also known as the beginning of the long and boring part)
Plagiarist is a repository of poetry-related information and resources,
including, but not limited to the Plagiarist Poetry Archive - an archive
of the world's finest poetry provided for scholarly use, the Plagiarist
Poetry Discussion Forums - a public exchange of ideas and opinions
regarding all things poetry, Plagiarist Poetry Resources - a collection
of essays, lectures, and other poetry-related content, Plagiarist
merchandise, software, and publications, and the Plagiarist Catch-and-
Release Fresh Water Bass Farm (TM).
Users are responsible for loading, displaying, or downloading any and
all content provided by Plagiarist. Users are responsible for complying
with their local, state, and federal laws applicable to such content,
including copyright laws.
This website may not be reproduced, copied, sold, resold, undersold, or
reverse engineered without proper written and expressed permission.
Don't steal our hard work.
User accounts in the forum or other user areas of the website may be
discontinued or deleted at any time and for any reason whatsoever.
Usually we'll let you do what thou wilt, as long as nobody gets hurt,
but in some cases users will try to abuse the system, take advantage of
our leniency, and then daddy has to take out the belt and throw down a
beating to those that try to fuck things up for everyone.
The opinions of the web masters, content writers, and guest writers, as
well as those opinions expressed by other users on the forums or other
public areas of this website, are not necessarily the opinions of
Plagiarist, and are provided at your own risk of offense.
This is an adult website.
If you can't handle the use of all of
the English language, you may want to shop elsewhere.
Thanks for
playing.
Here's a copy of our lovely home game. We don't censor this
site for profanity or other potentially offensive content.
You have
been warned.
DISCLAIMER
All site content is provided "AS IS."
Plagiarist makes no
representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the
operation of this website, or the information, content, materials,
services or products included or referenced on this website. To the full
extent permissible by applicable law, Plagiarist disclaims all
warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied
warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, and
any warranties of non-infringement. Plagiarist will not be liable to any
party for direct, indirect, special or other consequential or incidental
damages arising directly or indirectly from the use of this website,
including, but not limited to, any lost profits, business interruption,
hair loss, tooth decay, or irritable bowel syndrome.
COPYRIGHTS
All Plagiarist website design, text, images, buttons, icons, scripts,
etcetera, are copyrights of Plagiarist (excluding the items to which
third parties retain copyright ownership).
All site content except
that which other parties retain copyright, is © 1998-2020 Plagiarist.com and Approximately, Inc. All rights reserved,
Plagiarist.com.
Poetry and other textual content that is not in the public domain is
owned by the current copyright owner(s) and is offered here either with
permission, or else for the purpose of scholarly research and the free
sharing of information and art under the auspices of the United States
of America's various copyright acts and the "fair use" clauses
contained within.
We make no claims nor do we profit from the use of
items to which we do not hold copyright ownership.
All forum content is owned by Plagiarist.com. By posting to the forums,
you agree to give all rights, current and future, in all media, of the
text you enter into any Plagiarist.com site area form, e-mail, or otherwise,
to be fully owned by Plagiarist.com.
To the extent possible we have attempted to contact current content
copyright (say that three times fast!) holders for permission to
reprint or otherwise reproduce those texts which are reproduced on
Plagiarist. Content holders who wish us to remove their copyrighted
work, provided that we are acting outside the laws of "fair use,"
should contact us in writing.
E-MAIL AND LETTERS
Plagiarist may, at its sole discretion, publish any and all e-mail sent
to any Plagiarist address, in whole or in part, in perpetuity. Plagiarist
considers its incoming e-mail as a public forum, and all material, text,
binary data, etcetera, sent to a Plagiarist.com e-mail address is the
property of Plagiarist.com.
APPLICABLE LAWS
Plagiarist is created and controlled by Approximately, Inc. from within
the state of Pennsylvania of the United States of America. As such, the
laws of the state of Pennsylvania will govern these disclaimers, terms,
and conditions, without regard to or application of choice of law rules
or principles. Plagiarist makes no representation that materials in the
website are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and
access to them from territories where their content or use is illegal
is prohibited. Those who choose to access this website from other
locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for
compliance with applicable local laws. So there.
My House, My Rules
Plagiarist may amend these Terms or any other notices, terms and
conditions on this website at any time by updating this posting.
Accordingly, you should visit this website from time to time to review
the then-current and effective terms and conditions because they are
binding on you. Certain provisions such these terms and conditions may
be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on
particular pages at this website. No delay or failure to take action
under such terms and conditions will constitute a waiver by Plagiarist
unless expressly waived in writing by a duly authorized officer of
Plagiarist or Approximately, Inc.
For all other rules, terms, and conditions, you may read the fine print.
Jane, stop this crazy thing
That's it for our Terms of Use.
Don't forget to read our Privacy Policy for
information about how we protect your privacy online.
Articles HomeURL: http://plagiarist.com/articles/30/ | Viewed on .Copyright ©2020 Plagiarist.com - All rights reserved.
PLAGIARIST.COM ARTICLESRecent articles by author:Plagiarist.com StaffAdvertise On Plagiarist.comVolume 1 Number 3Privacy PolicySubmission GuidelinesFurther Reading:Articles Home
Poetry X Newsletter:
©1998-2020 Plagiarist.com. All rights reserved. |
155,862,370 served.
Hosted by tranquil host |
Terms of Use |
Privacy Policy |
Contact Us