http://plagiarist.com/privacy/
[Skip Navigation]
Plagiarist Poetry Sites:
Plagiarist.com | Poetry X | Poetry Discussion Forums | Open Poetry Project | Joycean.org
poetry articles, essays, and reviews at plagiarist.com
Enter our Poetry Contest
Win Cash and Publication!
poetry
Poets
Poems
Top 50
Random Poem
Submit a Poem
analysis
PoetryNotes™ Catalog
Custom Orders
Frequently Asked Questions
articles
magazine
Submission Guidelines
Submit your work
further reading
about us
Contact Us
Links
Plagiarist.com Articles
Privacy Policyby Plagiarist.com Staff
Last Updated: 16 April 2002
Your privacy is important to us as Plagiarist.com (hereafter, simply
"Plagiarist"), that's why we wanted to be sure to lay down some general
guidelines that we follow. The following subsections will lay it all
out for you in tasty, easy to process morsels. Please raise your hand
if you have questions at any time, and a homeroom mother will be along
to sedate you as quickly as possible.
You will be taken to a camp to
be re-educated about proper Plagiarist etiquette regarding privacy
procedures.
If your stay at the Plagiarist "re-education" camp proves to not slake
all of your curiosity about our policies, you may e-mail us at:
policies@plagiarist.com to continue discussion with Plagiarist
regarding these policies and terms.
Now on with the show...
Your Information
The main clause of our privacy policy is that WE DO NOT SHARE YOUR
INFORMATION with anyone at any time for any reason.
We will never sell
your e-mail address to a spamming company. We hate spam, and don't want
our visitors getting more than they already are.
We respect your right to receive as little impersonal e-mail as
possible, therefore if you are receiving mail from Plagiarist and no
longer want to receive anything from us, all you need to do is write
to:
unsubscribe@plagiarist.com
and we'll remove you within a fortnight, no questions asked.
You Are Not A Target Market.
In addition to not sharing any personal information you may provide to
us, WE DO NOT SELL ANONYMOUS STATISTICS OF OUR USERS.
Sometimes, when
we're feeling particularly saucy, we'll keep track of page hits,
referring page URLs, etcetera, but we will use this information only
for our own perverse amusement, and will not share or sell aggregate
usage stats with any companies or individuals, unless they offer us a
whole lot of money (hint hint, wink wink).
What information do you people gather, anyway?
Most of the information that we gather and store is stuff that you
enter into forms, like your e-mail address, if you signed up for our
newsletter, or the URL of your homepage, or your personal bio, if
you've registered with our
forums.
Remember, folks, that the Internet is a public arena, and in
this little "global village" (a term I heard on "Oprah") of ours, you
have to be sure that the information that you provide to the public is
of the kind that you wouldn't mind complete strangers reading.
We
aren't going to be the babysitters of your private info if you choose
to give it out on the public areas of our website.
All user input areas are editable by the user, with the possible
exception of our guestbook or e-mail questions sent to the editors.
So
please, use caution.
E-MAIL SENT TO PLAGIARIST IS PUBLIC DOMAIN
All e-mail sent to any Plagiarist.com address is subject to
publication on this website. That means that you should NOT e-
mail us unless you don't mind your e-mail being published on
Plagiarist.com, or elsewhere on the Approximately, Inc. family
of web sites.
E-mail is an insecure medium, and it's REALLY insecure here at
Plagiarist.
We aren't likely to publish your e-mail to us, but we
reserve the right to.
Put that in your pipe and smoke it before you
send us long drawn-out e-mail about why Yeats was "a better poet than
Keats because he pronounced his name in that funny Irish way" or about
how we made all these typos with capital letters in those e.e. cummings
poems.
Public mockery is the best part about running a web site, and
your humiliation will be at the top of our list if you disregard this
notice and send us ridiculous e-mail.
It breaks down like this:
Helpful suggestions and intelligent comments: good.
Idiotic complaints or incomprehensible ramblings: bad.
We at Plagiarist are the sole determiners of what is and what is not
idiotic. You have been warned.
Changes To This Policy
As with anything on the web, this policy is subject to change at any
time, even while you're in the middle of reading this paragraph, and
for any reason whatsoever. Rest assured that we will provide public
notice in this space of any changes to our privacy policy as soon as it
is convenient to us.
Legal Mumbo-Jumbo
Actually, we aren't very well versed in mumbo-jumbo, but really like
using that phrase. Needless to say (although we're saying it), any part
of this privacy statement that is rendered illegal by any state or
federal governments of the United States of America are hereby stricken
(stricken!) and rendered both null and void.
This is where you get off...
That's it for our privacy policy.
Don't forget to read our Terms of Use for
instructions on the care and feeding of this/these website(s).
Articles HomeURL: http://plagiarist.com/articles/29/ | Viewed on .Copyright ©2020 Plagiarist.com - All rights reserved.
PLAGIARIST.COM ARTICLESRecent articles by author:Plagiarist.com StaffAdvertise On Plagiarist.comVolume 1 Number 3Terms Of UseSubmission GuidelinesFurther Reading:Articles Home
Poetry X Newsletter:
©1998-2020 Plagiarist.com. All rights reserved. |
155,862,371 served.
Hosted by tranquil host |
Terms of Use |
Privacy Policy |
Contact Us