https://planetbods.andrewbowden.me.uk/network/privacy_and_cookies
Privacy and Cookies Policy - Planet BodsAbout Planet BodsPrivacy and Cookies PolicyHere on Planet Bods we believe you as a reader are entitled to know what we get up to on this website with your personal data.
This is why we've created this page to tell you all about it.What is listed below applies to all content hosted on planetbods.andrewbowden.me.uk, ramblingman.org.uk andbods.me.uk.
It was last updated on 17 December 2011.Email addressesWe collect email addresses in the following situations:Blog comments - when you comment on any blog post you are asked for an email address.
As part of our attempts to battle comment spam, we do not allow any comments without an email address.
Your email address is stored in our content management system (called Movable Type).
If you opt in then this email address may be used to send you follow up comments by email.
Each of these emails has an opt out link at the bottom.
We may also use your email address to reply directly to your comment should this be necessary, although generally we reply on the blog comments themselves.Contact forms - each page of the site has a link allowing you to get in touch directly.
If you do so, an email address is required so we can reply.
These messages are stored in a Gmail inbox, provided by Google.Purchasing a book - if you purchase a book on Rambling Man using PayPal you need to enter your email address.
This is so we can send you your book.
Your email address sent to us by PayPal.
It is then stored in PayPal and in our Gmail inbox.We take data protection very seriously and only ever use your email address for the purposes listed above.
We never send out unsolicited information.If, for any reason, you do not want us to hold your email address in Gmail, Movable Type, PayPal or any other system we may decide to use in the future, then the best suggestion is not to get in touch in the first place.
However if you already have, please get in touch and we can sort something out.CookiesCookies are small text files stored on your computer which allow a website to identify you at a later date.
Many websites use them, for example to stop you having to logon every time you visit.We do not set any cookies on planetbods.andrewbowden.me.uk, ramblingman.org.uk and bods.me.uk ourselves, however the websites do use third party services which may or may not set cookies.
These include:YouTube - when including video from YouTube we use a privacy enhanced version of YouTube which does not set a cookie on your computer unless you play the video.
If you do not wish to have a YouTube cookie, simply do not play any embedded video.
For more information see the YouTube Privacy Policy.Flickr - we occasionally include Flickr slideshows on the site.
Cookies from Yahoo! (who own Flickr) and Flickr will appear on your computer.
For more information on the Yahoo! Privacy policy visit Yahoo's website.Google+ - some web pages include buttons to allow you to +1 the page on Google+.
In order to protect your privacy doing so opens up a popup window where you can +1 the page.
In this popup Google may set cookies and track your data.Google Analytics - we use Google Analytics to measure usage of the website.
This requires a cookie to be set on every one of our pages which tracks what you do.
This data is made anonymous and we cannot track your individual journey round the website.
We've configured Google Analytics not to share this data with anyone.
For more information, see the Google Analytics privacy policy.We include buttons on many pages to allow you to share a page on Facebook or Twitter.
We do not use Facebook or Twitter's standard code for this function and as such neither of these websites track your actions when you are viewing one of our pages.Opting to share a page on Facebook or Twitter will open up a new window from those websites.
At this point you will have left Planet Bods and will be subject to the standard Privacy Policies of those websites.Some pages, mainly on ramblingman.org.uk, include links to buy products directly from Amazon.co.uk.
These come in the form of simple text links, or in "widgets" hosted by the Amazon website and embedded in our webpages.
In both cases we are not aware of any cookies being set by Amazon when you view these "widgets".If you have concerns over cookies, most web browsers allow you to disable or remove them.
This website does not require or mandate cookies in order to view any page.Information from your browser and IP addressesYour web browser (Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome etc) report various information to all web sites you visit.
This is information about your computer, such as browser type and operating system.
We use most of this data to ensure that we're not making unusable web pages for people.
Your browser will also tell us which the page you viewed before visiting one of our pages.All this data is served in log files on our server.
We also use some files hosted by third parties, such as Amazon, Google, Yahoo!, Flickr and YouTube.
When you visit one of our pages your web browser will send the same information to those companies. This is true of all websites you visit, and whilst possible, it is not easy to disable if you wish to.
However the data cannot be tracked to an individual person.We also receive your IP address.
This is a corner stone of how the internet works as it allows servers to always talk to each other.
Your IP address is a number that refers to one, or more, PC.It is not possible for a website to trace an IP address down to an individual (only your Internet Service Provider can do that) however we can use it to determine which country you live in.
This allows us to tailor content accordingly; for example, to point you to your local Amazon website.If you send us an email or submit a blog comment then your IP address will be stored within our mail system (Google) or content management system (Movable Type) along with your email address.
In that situation it would be possible to then go through the server logs and find every page you've ever visited, and what browser and computer operating system you're using.
However we've got better things to do with our time.
This website was founded in 1997 and between 1997 and December 2011 we have never, ever done this.
If you don't trust us not to get this urge, then we recommend you never email us or submit a blog comment.Further InformationIf you would like any further information, please email us using our contact form.HomeAccessibility StatementArchived SitesContact UsCopyright StatementPrivacy and Cookies PolicyWeb FeedsPage location: https://planetbods.andrewbowden.me.uk/network/privacy_and_cookiesWritten by Andrew Bowden.
Planet Bods ©1997-2020First Published: 17 December 2011.
Last Updated: 12 May 2012.
Read our accessibility statement, or Privacy Policy and Use of Cookies.Cookies Policy | Contact Us