https://playwrightsfoundation.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Here at the Playwrights Foundation we value the privacy of our users. This policy explicates what information is stored and used by the Playwrights Foundation (referred to as “we”, “us”, or “our”) through the Playwrights Foundation Website.
Any changes in our privacy policy will be posted on our website.
What Data We Collect
Whenever you purchase tickets, make a donation, or join our mailing list we will be collecting the personal contact information of the users which includes their first and last name, mailing address, email address, and phone number. We will not store payment information.
The Use of Personal Information
We safely store the collected data in our database and use it for outreach, reporting, and grant applications. Your personal information is also used in order for us to understand our community better and to learn more on how we can improve the services offered to tailor to the community’s needs.
Security of Data
The Playwrights Foundation values the privacy of the users personal information and puts all effort into preventing data theft and unauthorized access of this information.
Consent and Opting Out
Joining the newsletter email list gives explicit consent of the user for us to be able to send out promotional emails of any upcoming events and shows from the Playwrights Foundation. The user may opt-out or unsubscribe at any point. You may also send an email regarding the unsubscribing of receiving mail and phone calls from us.
Contact
Any further concerns and questions can be sent to hello@playwrightsfoundation.org
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settings RejectACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
X