http://poetryx.com/terms/
[Skip Navigation]
Site Map | Themes | About | Contact
Search Poetry X
HomePoemsArticlesContestsForums
Login | Register
Terms Of Use
by Poetry X Staff
Home »
Articles » Poetry X Site Information » Terms Of UseLast Updated: 1 February 2005
Poetry X provides this website and all Poetry X services subject to
compliance with the notices, terms, and conditions set forth below and
on other pages of this website. Any use of Poetry X services
constitutes acceptance of all such notices, terms, and conditions.
These are the policies by which we permit you to use this web site.
USE OF WEBSITE (Poetry X)
(also known as the beginning of the long and boring part)
Poetry X is a repository of poetry-related information and resources,
including, but not limited to the Poetry X Poetry Archive - an archive
of the world’s finest poetry provided for scholarly use, the Poetry X
Poetry Discussion Forums - a public exchange of ideas and opinions
regarding all things poetry, Poetry X Articles - a collection of
essays, articles, reviews, lectures, and other poetry-related content,
Poetry X merchandise, software, and publications, and the Poetry X
Catch-and-Release Fresh Water Bass Farm™.
Users are responsible for loading, displaying, or downloading any and
all content provided by Poetry X. Users are responsible for complying
with their local, state, and federal laws applicable to such content,
including copyright laws.
This website may not be reproduced, copied, sold, resold, undersold, or
reverse engineered without proper written and expressed permission.
Don’t steal our hard work.
User accounts may be discontinued or deleted at any time and for any
reason whatsoever, without warning, remedy, or reason.
The opinions of the webmasters, content writers, and guest writers, as
well as those opinions expressed by other users on the forums or other
public areas of this website are not necessarily the opinions of
Poetry X, and are provided at your own risk of offense.
DISCLAIMER
All site content is provided “AS IS.”
Poetry X makes no
representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to
the operation of this website, or the information, content, materials,
services or products included or referenced on this website. To the
full extent permissible by applicable law, Poetry X disclaims all
warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied
warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose,
and any warranties of non-infringement. Poetry X will not be liable to
any party for direct, indirect, special or other consequential or
incidental damages arising directly or indirectly from the use of this
website, including, but not limited to, any lost profits, business
interruption, or domestic disturbances.
COPYRIGHTS
All Poetry X website design, text, images, buttons, icons, scripts,
etcetera, are copyrights of Poetry X (excluding the items to which
third parties retain copyright ownership).
All site content except
that which other parties retain copyright, is ©1998-2020 Jough Dempsey & Poetry X. All rights reserved.
Poetry and other textual content that is not in the public domain is
owned by the current copyright owner(s) and is offered here with
permission.
You may NOT re-print or copy material from this web site without
prior permission.
To acquire permission please use our
contact form.
All forum content is owned by Poetry X. By posting to the forums,
you agree to give all rights, current and future, in all media, of the
text you enter into any Poetry X site area form, e-mail, or web form entry
to be fully owned by Poetry X.
E-MAIL AND LETTERS
Poetry X may, at its sole discretion, publish any and all e-mail,
comments, forum posts, or other texts sent to any Poetry X address, in
whole or in part, in perpetuity. Poetry X considers its incoming e-mail
to be a public forum, and all material, text, binary data,
etcetera, sent to a Poetry X e-mail address becomes the property of Poetry X.
APPLICABLE LAWS
Poetry X is created and controlled by Plagiarist from within
the states of Pennsylvania of the United States of America. As such, the
laws of the state of Pennsylvania will govern these disclaimers, terms,
and conditions, without regard to or application of choice of law rules
or principles. Poetry X makes no representation that materials in the
website are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and
access to them from territories where their content or use is illegal
is prohibited. Those who choose to access this website from other
locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for
compliance with applicable local laws. So there.
MY HOUSE, MY RULES
Poetry X may amend these Terms or any other notices, terms and
conditions on this website at any time by updating this posting.
Accordingly, you should visit this website from time to time to review
the then-current and effective terms and conditions because they are
binding on you. Certain provisions such these terms and conditions may
be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on
particular pages at this website. No delay or failure to take action
under such terms and conditions will constitute a waiver by Poetry X
unless expressly waived in writing by a duly authorized officer of
Poetry X.
For all other rules, terms, and conditions, you may read the fine print.
Articles Home
More InfoRecent articles in this series:Privacy PolicySubmission GuidelinesThe Fine PrintFAQ (Frequently Asked Questions)More Articles In This SeriesRecent articles by author:Poetry X StaffPrivacy PolicySubmission GuidelinesThe Fine PrintFAQ (Frequently Asked Questions)
Advertisement
Contact Us |
Terms of Use |
Privacy Policy |
Syndication Feeds |
Mailing List |
Hosted by tranquil host.
Poetry X v3.50 ©1998-2020 Word Front LLC, Jough Dempsey, and the authors.
All rights reserved.
This site will work and look better in a browser that supports
web standards, but it is accessible to any Internet device.