http://poetryx.com/privacy/
[Skip Navigation]
Site Map | Themes | About | Contact
Search Poetry X
HomePoemsArticlesContestsForums
Login | Register
Privacy Policy
by Poetry X Staff
Home »
Articles » Poetry X Site Information » Privacy PolicyLast Updated: 1 February 2005
Your privacy is important to us as Poetry X, that’s why we wanted to
be sure to lay down some general guidelines that we follow. The
following subsections will lay it all out for you in tasty, easy to
process morsels.
YOUR INFORMATION
The main clause of our privacy policy is that WE DO NOT SHARE YOUR
INFORMATION with anyone at any time for any reason.
We will never sell
your e-mail address to a spamming company. We hate spam, and don’t want
our visitors getting more than they already are.
We respect your right to receive as little impersonal e-mail as
possible, therefore if you are receiving mail from Poetry X and no
longer want to receive anything from us, all you need to do click the
unsubscribe link at the bottom of any mass e-mail that originates from
Poetry X.
Poetry X never sends unsolicited commercial e-mail.
Never ever.
All Poetry X mailing lists and newsletters are opt-in only.
YOU ARE NOT A TARGET MARKET
In addition to not sharing any personal information you may provide to
us, WE DO NOT SELL ANONYMOUS STATISTICS OF OUR USERS.
Sometimes, when
we’re feeling particularly saucy, we’ll keep track of page hits,
referring page URLs, etcetera, but we will use this information only
for our own perverse amusement, and will not share or sell aggregate
usage stats with any companies or individuals, unless they offer us a
whole lot of money (hint hint, wink wink).
WHAT INFORMATION DOES POETRY X GATHER?
Most of the information that we gather and store is stuff that you
enter into forms, like your e-mail address, if you signed up for our
newsletter (see the bottom of this page), or the URL of your homepage, or your personal bio, if
you’ve registered with our
forums.
Remember, folks, that the Internet is a public arena, and in
this little “global village” (a term we heard on “Oprah”) of ours, you
have to be sure that the information that you provide to the public is
of the kind that you wouldn’t mind complete strangers reading.
We
aren’t going to be the babysitters of your private info if you choose
to give it out on the public areas of our website.
E-MAIL SENT TO POETRY X IS PUBLIC DOMAIN
All e-mail sent to any Poetry X address is subject to
publication on this website. That means that you should NOT
e-mail us unless you don’t mind your e-mail being published on
Poetry X.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
As with anything on the web, this policy is subject to change at any
time, even while you’re in the middle of reading this paragraph, and
for any reason whatsoever. Rest assured that we will provide public
notice in this space of any changes to our privacy policy as soon as it
is convenient to us.
LEGAL MUMBO-JUMBO
Actually, we aren’t very well versed in mumbo-jumbo, but really like
using that phrase. Needless to say (although we’re saying it), any part
of this privacy statement that is rendered illegal by any state or
federal governments of the United States of America are hereby stricken
(stricken!) and rendered both null and void.
Articles Home
More InfoRecent articles in this series:Terms Of UseSubmission GuidelinesThe Fine PrintFAQ (Frequently Asked Questions)More Articles In This SeriesRecent articles by author:Poetry X StaffTerms Of UseSubmission GuidelinesThe Fine PrintFAQ (Frequently Asked Questions)
Advertisement
Contact Us |
Terms of Use |
Privacy Policy |
Syndication Feeds |
Mailing List |
Hosted by tranquil host.
Poetry X v3.50 ©1998-2020 Word Front LLC, Jough Dempsey, and the authors.
All rights reserved.
This site will work and look better in a browser that supports
web standards, but it is accessible to any Internet device.