http://poetry.about.com/library/weekly/aa072799.htm?terms=plymell
Share
Flipboard
Email
Print
Bettmann/Getty Images
Literature
Quotations
Funny Quotes
Love Quotes
Great Lines from Movies and Television
Quotations For Holidays
Best Sellers
Classic Literature
Plays & Drama
Poetry
Shakespeare
Short Stories
Children's Books
By
Simran Khurana
Education Expert
M.B.A, Human Resource Development and Management, Narsee Monjee Institution of Management Studies
B.S., University of Mumbai, Commerce, Accounting, and Finance
Simran Khurana is the Editor-in-Chief for ReachIvy, and a teacher and freelance writer and editor, who uses quotations in her pedagogy.
our editorial process
Simran Khurana
Updated March 01, 2019
When Diana Spencer married Prince Charles, the world opened its arms to the new royal bride. Princess Diana was an overnight hero, a youth icon and a benefactor of the poor. She was a figure of passion, empathy, and kindness to the commoners. People thronged to wave at her, while she smiled at every face.
As Princess of Wales, Diana was involved with many charitable organizations. She defied custom by involving herself with AIDS charitable programs. She was often photographed hugging an AIDS-afflicted child. Diana was grounded in her beliefs. In time, her marriage faltered and eventually ended in divorce.
Her premature death in an accident on the streets of Paris shocked the world. Princess Diana lives on in the hearts of her well-wishers. In this collection of Princess Diana's remarks lie the passion, aspiration, hopes, and dreams of a young princess.
Princess Diana on Random Acts of Kindness
"Helping people in need is a good and essential part of my life, a kind of destiny."
"Carry out a random act of kindness, with no expectation of reward, safe in the knowledge that one day someone might do the same for you."
Comments on Her Marriage
"There were three of us in this marriage, so it was a bit crowded."
"Any sane person would have left long ago. But I cannot. I have my sons."
"I think like any marriage, especially when you've had divorced parents like myself; you want to try even harder to make it work."
The Importance of Family
"Family is the most important thing in the world."
"I will fight for my children on any level so they can reach their potential as human beings and in their public duties."
"I live for my sons. I would be lost without them."
"I want my boys to have an understanding of people's emotions, their insecurities, people's distress, and their hopes and dreams."
About the Monarchy
"Being a princess isn't all it's cracked up to be."
"It's vital that the monarchy keeps in touch with the people. It's what I try and do."
"I'd like to be a queen in people's hearts, but I don't see myself being queen of this country."
"Call me Diana, not Princess Diana."
On the Meaning of Life
"Life is just a journey."
"The biggest disease this day and age is that of people feeling unloved."
"So many people supported me through my public life, and I will never forget them."
The Importance of Love
"If you find someone you love in your life, then hang on to that love."
"I went to the school and put it to William, particularly, that if you find someone you love in life, you must hang onto it, and look after it, and if you were lucky enough to find someone who loved you, then you must protect it."
"My first thoughts are that I should not let people down, that I should support them and love them."
"I knew what my job was; it was to go out and meet the people and love them."
"Every one of us needs to show how much we care for each other and, in the process, care for ourselves."
Happiness
"I don't want expensive gifts; I don't want to be bought. I have everything I want. I just want someone to be there for me, to make me feel safe and secure."
"When you are happy you can forgive a great deal."
Princess Diana's Personal Philosophy
"I don't go by the rule book. I lead from the heart, not the head."
"I like to be a free spirit. Some don't like that, but that's the way I am."
"Anywhere I see suffering, that is where I want to be, doing what I can."
"I wear my heart on my sleeve."
"Is it a weakness that I lead from my heart and not my head?"
"Hugs can do great amounts of good—especially for children."
Thoughts on Helping Others
"Nothing brings me more happiness than trying to help the most vulnerable people in society. It is a goal and an essential part of my life—a kind of destiny. Whoever is in distress can call on me. I will come running wherever they are."
"I think the biggest disease the world suffers from in this day and age is the disease of people feeling unloved. I know that I can give love for a minute, for half an hour, for a day, for a month, but I can give. I am very happy to do that, I want to do that."
"I want to walk into a room, be it a hospital for the dying or a hospital for the sick children, and feel that I am needed. I want to do, not just to be."
Random Musings
"I don't even know how to use a parking meter, let alone a phone box."
"If men had to have babies, they would only ever have one each."
"People think at the end of the day that a man is the only answer to fulfillment. Actually, a job is better for me."
"I'm as thick as a plank."
"I'm aware that people I have loved and have died and are in the spirit world looking after me."
"The greatest problem in the world today is intolerance. Everyone is so intolerant of each other."
"The kindness and affection from the public have carried me through some of the most difficult periods, and always your love and affection have eased the journey."
Sylvia Plath Quotes
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis Quotes
Transcript of Alleged Donald Sterling-V. Stiviano Recording
History Quotes
Quotes to Help You Say 'I Love You'
'Where the Red Fern Grows' Quotes
Quotes From Leo Tolstoy's Classic 'Anna Karenina'
Princess Diana Trivia
Profile of Child Killer Susan Smith
The Yellow Wallpaper
Love and the Brownings: Robert Browning and Elizabeth Barrett Browning
Short Love Quotes from Movies
How to Apologize: Say "I'm Sorry" With Quotes
Princess Diana Wedding Pictures
Love Quotes That Never Go Out of Fashion
'Uncle Tom's Cabin' Quotes