https://policies.truman.edu/policylibrary/privacy-statement/
Skip to content
Toggle navigation
Admission
Academics
Athletics
Alumni
About
Student Life
Home
Privacy Statement
Truman State University Policy Library
Search for:
Truman State University Policy Library
Chapter 01. General Provisions
Chapter 02. Mission of the University
Chapter 03. Board of Governors
Chapter 04. Officers – Duties and Responsibilities
Chapter 05. Academic Affairs – General
Chapter 06. Academic Affairs – Faculty
Chapter 07. Student Affairs – General
Chapter 08. Student Conduct Code
Chapter 09. Fiscal and Business Affairs – General
Chapter 10. Fiscal and Business Affairs – Personnel
Chapter 11. Fiscal and Business Affairs – Fees and Charges
Chapter 12. Facilities – Uses and Priorities
Chapter 13. Advancement
Chapter 14. Conflict of Interest and Financial Disclosure
Chapter 15. Sexual Harassment and Amorous Relationships
Chapter 16. Federal Laws
Chapter 17. Miscellaneous
Computer and Information Services Policies
Truman State University – General Privacy Statement
Our Commitment to You
Truman State University will attempt to safeguard the privacy of all visitors to publicly accessible Truman web sites (that is, web sites not password protected, and that have the url format #.truman.edu) to the extent allowed by law. This notice describes our privacy policy as it relates to the collection, protection, and disclosure of such information resulting from University web servers, including University web sites, sites that collect online information, or that identify actions of a web user.
Other privacy standards apply to such things as password-protected web sites, instructional web sites, student records and employee personnel records as specifically identified in State Statute, in accordance with federal or state laws and University policies. Truman State University web pages may contain links to other sites on the World Wide Web; however, the University is not responsible for any content or services provided on these sites.
Rules for Individuals Under Thirteen Years of Age
Truman State University is committed to complying fully with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act. This site is not directed to children under thirteen years of age, does not sell products or services intended for purchase by children, and does not knowingly collect or store any personal information, even in aggregate, about children under the age of thirteen. Users under the age of thirteen and their parents or guardians are cautioned that the collection of personal information volunteered by unauthorized children online or by email will be treated the same as information given by an adult until the University becomes aware that the user is under the age of thirteen.
Voluntary Information Requested from You
Information provided on a volunteer basis, during routine requests for personal information (such as surveys, email addresses, requests for information, etc.) will be used only for the purpose(s) outlined. Every web page that requests information from you should disclose the purpose of how this information will be used. If you do not wish to have the information used in the manner listed, or if the potential use of the information is not outlined, you are not required to provide it, however, you may not receive certain services if the information is not provided.
Surveys – At any time, there are numerous online surveys being conducted on the University’s website. It is Truman’s policy that confidential information gathered in these online surveys is used only for the research purposes indicated in the survey. Unless otherwise noted on the specified survey, your answers are confidential and individual responses will not be shared with other parties unless required by the applicable laws.
Information We Collect Automatically
Truman’s policy is to collect the least amount of personally identifiable information required to fulfill its required duties and responsibilities, to complete a particular transaction, or as required by law. In general, the information automatically collected and logged through University web sites can be classified into two categories: web site logs and browser cookies.
Web Site Logs – Truman State University makes no attempt to identify individual visitors from information collected in web site logs, except in cases where system integrity, institutional infrastructure, or personal safety is being jeopardized. The data is used to tune the web pages and the site for efficiency, to produce summary reports regarding system usage and give system administrators the ability to monitor system integrity, and protect institutional infrastructure and personal safety. The usage information gathered is also used to customize web sites (for example, move high use pages to the top of the site, add content for information frequently searched for, establish patterns of interest, etc.).
Information collected and logged through University web sites and web servers includes the following:
Internet addresses or URLs of computers used in browsing a web site
Web pages requested
The date and time of a visit to a web page
The browser version and configuration information used to connect to a site
Search terms used on our search engines
Browser Cookies – There are university sites that require cookies (a cookie is a small text file that may be used, for example, to collect information about website activity). We neither forward cookies nor intentionally collect information for other parties outside Truman.
Sharing Information
We disclose any nonpublic information only when it is necessary for the conduct of University, State, or Federal government business, or under circumstances where disclosure is required by law. Information may also be disclosed for audit purposes, to regulatory agencies, or for other general administrative services. Information is not intentionally disclosed or distributed to any entity that uses it to sell products or services. Information will not be released without written authorization to the extent allowed by law.
Missouri Open Records Request Laws – As a state institution, the University may be legally required to provide specific information stored on University websites. Except for educational records governed by FERPA, all information collected from the Truman web site, including the summary server log information, emails sent to the website, and information collected from web-based forms, may be subject to the Missouri Open Records Request Laws.
Third-Party Services – On Truman State University’s behalf, third-parties may provide certain services on Truman websites. Truman may provide information to these service providers to help deliver programs and services, and Truman takes reasonable steps to ensure that these third-party providers protect any shared information on our behalf.
Security
Wherever your personal information may be held within Truman State University systems, we take reasonable and appropriate steps to protect the information that you share with us from unauthorized access or disclosure. Truman has deployed security measures to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of the information under our control.
E-Commerce – Several websites at Truman enable one to pay for products or services online with a credit card. These transactions are commercially secure and utilize a centralized process. Truman’s e-commerce websites are developed and maintained in accordance with the credit card industry standards and requirements.
Questions
If you have questions about the collection of information or concerns about adherence to this policy from Truman State University websites, please contact the University Public Relations Office.
Disclaimer
The information provided in this privacy statement should not be construed as giving business, legal, or other advice, or as warranting the security of information provided through this website.
Line of authority
Policy Administrator: President
Contact: Chief Information Officer
Effective date
Effective Date: 12-11-2014
Approved Date: 12-11-2014
Policy Type: Operations