https://portsmouthmuseums.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Home
Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using this website.
What is in these terms?
These terms tell you the rules for using our website portsmouthmuseums.co.uk – as well as the sub-sites for Portsmouth Museum and Art Gallery, Southsea Castle, Charles Dickens’ Birthplace Museum, Portsmouth Natural History Museum, The D-Day Story and Eastney Engine Houses (“our site”).
Who we are and how to contact us
Our site is a website operated by Portsmouth City Council (“we”) whose registered office is Civic Offices, Guildhall Square, Portsmouth PO1 2AL.
To contact us, please email mvs@portsmouthcc.gov.uk or telephone our customer service line on 023 9288 2555.
By using our website you accept these terms
By using our site, you confirm that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to comply with them.
If you do not agree to these terms, you must not use our site.
We recommend that you print a copy of these terms for future reference.
There are other terms that may apply to you
These terms of use refer to the following additional terms, which also apply to your use of our site:
Our Privacy Policy, which sets out the terms on which we process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us. By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.Our Cookie Policy [within the Privacy Policy], which sets out information about the cookies on our site.
If you purchase entrance or events tickets for The D-Day Story from our site, our Terms and Conditions of Supply will apply to such sales.
We may make changes to these terms
We amend these terms from time to time. Every time you wish to use our site, please check these terms to ensure you understand the terms that apply at that time.
We may make changes to our site
We may update and change our site from time to time.
We may suspend or withdraw our site
Our site is made available free of charge.
We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. We may suspend or withdraw or restrict the availability of all or any part of our site for business and operational reasons. We will try to give you reasonable notice of any suspension or withdrawal.
You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms of use and other applicable terms and conditions and that they comply with them.
How you may use material on our site
We are the owner of all intellectual property rights in our website, and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.
You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site for your personal use and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to content posted on our site.
You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our site must always be acknowledged.
You must not use any part of the content on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.
If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
All photographic images videos and other digital media in pages within our site are © Copyright Portsmouth City Council, unless otherwise stated, under Section 17 of the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988.
Copyright in all photographs and video displayed on this website is owned by Portsmouth City Council and/or stated organisation or individual photographer. All photographs may not be used unless a licence for this purpose is first obtained from us. Please email mvs@portsmouthcc.gov.uk
with details of your intended usage and full contact details.
You should not rely on information on this website
The content on our site is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our site.
Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our site, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our site is accurate, complete or up to date.
We are not responsible for websites we link to
Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. Such links should not be interpreted as approval or other endorsement by us of those linked websites or any information you may obtain from them.
We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources.
Our responsibility for loss or damage suffered by you
Whether you are a consumer or a business user:
We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors and for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.Different limitations and exclusions of liability will apply to liability arising as a result of the supply of any products to you, which will be set out in our Terms and Conditions of Supply.
If you are a business user:
We exclude all implied conditions, warranties, representations or other terms that may apply to our site or any content on it.We will not be liable to you for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with:
use of, or inability to use, our site; oruse of or reliance on any content displayed on our site.
In particular, we will not be liable for:
loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue;business interruption;loss of anticipated savings;loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; orany indirect or consequential loss or damage.
If you are a consumer user:
Please note that we only provide our site for domestic and private use. You agree not to use our site for any commercial or business purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
We are not responsible for viruses and you must not introduce them
We do not guarantee that our site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses.
You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform to access our site. You should use your own virus protection software.
You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.
Rules about linking to our site
You may link to any page on our website, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it.
You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
You must not establish a link to our site in any website that is not owned by you.
Our site must not be framed on any other website.
We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
Which country’s laws apply to any disputes?
These terms of use, their subject matter and their formation (and any non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by English law.
We both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
You may be interested in:
Accessing this website
Find out how to access this - and other sites - whatever your needs or requirements.
Collections & stories
Take a look through the museum collections and read fascinating insights into their history.
Archaeology collection
The archaeology collection has been gathered since 1945 from sites in south-east Hampshire from a number of major archives.
Art collection
Our art collection contains around 10,000 pieces - everything from paintings and drawings to sculpture, furniture and glass.
History of Portsmouth Museums
Discover the rich and fascinating history of the City Council's museum service.
Local history collection
Our local history collection details Portsmouth life through the ages.
Military History collection
Explore the strong and long-standing links between Portsmouth and the armed forces.
Natural History collection
Our Natural History collection contains over 100,000 specimens.
Portsmouth Museums’ donations procedure
Have an item you want to donate? Read about our procedure here.
The Charles Dickens collection
We has a significant collection of items relating to Charles Dickens.
Contact
Get in touch if you have any queries about the museum service.
Copyright
Copyright information for the museum service and all associated websites.
Donate
Time, money and objects: generous donations continue to help Portsmouth Museums.
Filming rights
Get in touch to discuss your ideas for filming at any of our museum sites.
Get involved
Do you have time, money or objects to share with us at Portsmouth Museums?
Governance
The governance of Portsmouth Museums for our six sites.
Home
Get all the information for Portsmouth Museums and our six wonderful sites.
Image rights
Prices and information for images of our museums and collections.
Privacy policy
Read our privacy policy here for information on data retention and usage.
Private hire
Find all the key information and pricing details for hiring out our museum sites.
Visit
Visitor information - including contact details and opening hours - for the Portsmouth museum sites.
What to see & do
From butterflies to beam engines, trophies to tanks, there's much to enjoy.