https://portlandyouthphil.org/about/privacy/
Skip to navigation (Press Enter).
Skip to sub navigation (Press Enter).
Skip to main content (Press Enter).
Log In
Store
.(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address)
Audition
Tickets
Donate
Mobile Menu
Store
Tickets
Donate
Search
Search
Home
About
Privacy
Privacy Statement
Portland Youth Philharmonic created this privacy statement to demonstrate our commitment to maintaining the privacy and security of our musicians, website users, and the communities we serve.
We have established policies to protect the security and privacy of all information we collect. We maintain strict internal policies against unauthorized disclosure or use of any client or web site user information.
Any suspected attempt to breach our policies and procedures, or to engage in any type of unauthorized action involving our web systems will be regarded as potentially criminal activity, and may be reported to the appropriate authorities.
The following discloses our information-gathering and dissemination practices for our websites identified by the domain name of: portlandyouthphil.org.
Personal Information
It is the policy of Portland Youth Philharmonic to respect the privacy of our musicians, members and the people doing business through our services. Personal information presented here WILL NOT be sold, traded, loaned, published or distributed by any other means to any party other than PYP.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Security of financial information in transit to and from our websites is typically encrypted using SSL RC4 256-bit encryption protocols. We store client information in secure databases protected with a variety of access controls. This data is accessed only for the purposes specified in this privacy statement.
Cookies
Our websites use “cookies.” A “cookie” is a small text file that permits us to recognize your browser in order to customize your experience, or permit you to access restricted areas. Cookies do not contain personal information.
IP Address
Your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address is usually associated with the place from which you enter the Internet, like your Internet Service Provider, your company or your University. We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers, gather broad demographic information, and administer our web sites.
Opt-Out
This site gives clients and members the following options for removing their information from our databases to disallow future communications or to discontinue our services.
You may remove your own email address from our email-lists by clicking on the opt-out links provided in our automated bulk e-mail.
You may also send email-list removal requests to: information@portlandyouthphil.org.
Updating Your Information
This site also gives clients and members the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
You may update your own information by following the instructions in your Member Profile.
You may also send email-list update requests to: information@portlandyouthphil.org.
You may update your membership/client information at Portland Youth Philharmonic at any time by opening your Member Profile, making the necessary changes, then clicking UPDATE.
Your Responsibility
Should you become aware of a breach of our Privacy and Security policies, or should you suspect a breach at any time, please contact us immediately so that we can respond to your concerns directly.
Contacting Portland Youth Philharmonic
If you have any questions about our privacy statement, the practices of our sites, or your interactions with this website, please contact us at: .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) or 503.223.5939.
Portland Youth Philharmonic
9320 SW Barbur Boulevard, Suite 140
Portland, OR 97219
Last Modified: August 6, 2018
About
BlogOur Story
Purpose
Board
Staff
Employment
FinancesFor the Media.(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address)
Upcoming Events
VIRTUAL CONCERT-AT-CHRISTMASSeason 97 Virtual ConcertsDecember 26 - 7:00 PMVirtual concert on Vimeo
VIRTUAL CONCERT-AT-CHRISTMAS & MORE
We are thrilled to announce our 59th annual Concert-at-Christmas will take virtually on Saturday, December 26, 2020, at 7:00 PM. The concert will feature performances by all of PYP’s ensembles and include some very special guests.
Click here for details and to register to get the link to watch from home.
NEW DIGITAL ALBUM ON PRIMEPHONIC
Our new digital album Tomáš Svoboda Premiere Recordings is available now on the audiophile streaming service Primephonic. The album showcases performances of musical masterworks by Portland’s legendary Czech-born composer Tomáš Svoboda.
Click here to learn more.
Primephonic is offering PYP fans a free extended three month trial! Visit primephonic.com/portland and enter in the voucher code PORTLAND to redeem the offer. For every voucher code redeemed, Primephonic will donate $20 to PYP.
Please Log In
Username:
Password:
Auto login on future visits
Forgot your password?
Close Window