https://privacy.thewaltdisneycompany.com/en/current-privacy-policy/your-california-privacy-rights/
Skip to content
Skip to navigation
×
cancel
Country/Region & Language Selector
Search Countries
Search Languages
Save
This notice to California residents is provided under California law, including the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), Cal. Civ. Code 1798.100, et seq. This notice supplements our Privacy Policy by explaining your California privacy rights if you are a California resident, and provides certain mandated disclosures about our treatment of California residents’ information, both online and offline.
Expand All Collapse All
Accordion Toggle
Your RightsRight to Access
If you are a California resident, you have the right to request, up to two times each year, access to categories and specific pieces of personal information about you that we collect, use, disclose, and sell.
Right to Delete
If you are a California resident, you have the right to request that we delete personal information that we collect from you, subject to applicable legal exceptions.
Process to Make a CCPA Request
To make an access or deletion request, please visit ccpa.disney.com. Before completing your request, we may need to verify your identity or the identity of your authorized representative. We will send you a link to verify your email address and may request additional documentation or information solely for the purpose of verifying your identity. You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of your privacy rights conferred by the CCPA.
Right to Opt Out of Sale of Personal Information
If you are a California resident, you have the right to “opt out” of the “sale” of your “personal information” to “third parties” (as those terms are defined in the CCPA). Our Privacy Policy describes the limited circumstances in which we may share your information with third parties outside The Walt Disney Family of Companies. Our Privacy Policy also provides you with certain controls and choices regarding our collection, use, and sharing of your information.
Among other rights provided for in our Privacy Policy, you may:
Choose to control targeted advertising from many ad networks and partners; data exchanges; and marketing analytics and digital advertising and marketing service providers by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance
Choose to limit participation in Nielsen digital measurement research (for non-Panelists)
Shine the Light Act
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by certain members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. We take great pride in the relationship of trust we have built with our guests over many years and we are dedicated to treating your personal information with care and respect. Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83(c)(2), members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies do not share guests’ personal information with other member companies or others outside The Walt Disney Family of Companies for those parties’ direct marketing use unless a guest elects that we do so.
To make such a request, please send an email to caprivacy@twdc.com or write us at:
CA Privacy Rights
Disney Interactive Media Group
500 South Buena Vista Street
Mail Code 7667
Burbank, CA 91521-7667
Removal of Content
If you are a California resident under the age of 18, and a registered user of any site where this policy is posted, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you to request and obtain removal of content or information you have publicly posted.
To make such a request, please send an email with a detailed description of the specific content or information to caprivacy@twdc.com. Please be aware that such a request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have posted and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal even if requested.
Accordion Toggle
Mandatory DisclosuresIn addition to the information provided elsewhere in our Privacy Policy, we make the following disclosures for purposes of compliance with the CCPA:
We collected the following categories of personal information in the last 12 months: Identifiers/Contact Information, demographic information (like gender and age), payment card information associated with you, commercial information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, audio, electronic, visual or similar information, and inferences drawn from the above.
The sources of personal information that we collected are: our guests, directly, third party sites or platforms that you link with your registration account, analytics tools, social networks, advertising networks, and trusted sources who update or supplement information we hold about you.
The business or commercial purposes of collecting personal information are described in our Privacy Policy under “Use of Your Information by The Walt Disney Family of Companies.”
We disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose in the last 12 months: Identifiers/Contact Information, demographic information (like gender and age), payment card information associated with you, commercial information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, audio, electronic, visual or similar information, and inferences drawn from the above. We disclose these categories outside The Walt Disney Family of Companies only as described in the “Sharing Your Personal Information with Other Entities” section of the Privacy Policy.
As the term is defined by the CCPA, we “sold” the following categories of personal information in the last 12 months: Identifiers/Contact Information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, and inferences drawn from the above. We “sold” each category to advertising networks, data analytics providers, and social networks.
The business or commercial purposes of “selling” personal information is for third party companies to perform services on our behalf, like marketing, advertising, and audience measurement.
We do not “sell” personal information of known minors under 16 years of age.
Accordion Toggle
Contact InformationIf you have a question about our privacy policies, please send an email to caprivacy@twdc.com or write us at:
CA Privacy Rights
Disney Interactive Media Group
500 South Buena Vista Street
Mail Code 7667
Burbank, CA 91521-7667
Back to Top
back-to-top