https://privacy.uconn.edu/university-website-notice/
Skip to Navigation
Skip to UConn Search
Skip to Content
UConn
University of Connecticut school of
University of Connecticut
Search University of Connecticut
Search UConn
A to Z Index
UConn A to Z Index
Privacy NoticesPrivacy Notice for University of Connecticut Websites
Overview
Privacy Notice for University of Connecticut Websites
Applicants for Employment
UConn Students Enrolled in Education Abroad Programs
Student/Exchange/Visitor/ Applicants
Student Privacy Notice
Notice of Privacy Practices
Applicability
This Privacy Notice applies to official University of Connecticut (including UConn Health) websites and explains our practices concerning the collection, use, disclosure and other processing of visitor information.  An official University website is one that is owned and/or sponsored by the University of Connecticut, and that has been created by the University, its campuses, colleges, schools, departments or other administrative units, including UConn Health for University business purposes.
This Privacy Notice summarizes the information collected by or submitted to official University websites broadly.  In some instances, particular University offices, schools, programs and/or websites may collect additional information from or about you that may be subject to additional notification requirements. Please refer to specific privacy notices applicable to individual University units posted on their designated websites, as necessary, for information pertaining to the collection, use or other processing of any personal information associated exclusively with those pages and/or services provided by those units.
Updates to this Privacy Notice
Because technology itself and the rules requiring data management and privacy continue to evolve rapidly, the University may make appropriate updates to this notice from time to time.  Any updates to this Privacy Notice will be posted to this page and will reflect the date of such revision.
Collection and Use
There are two types of information that the University may collect when you visit this website: (1) information that is collected automatically, and (2) information that you provide voluntarily.
Information Automatically Collected
We may automatically collect, store and use the following information about your visit to University of Connecticut websites in order to enhance your user experience with our websites, and for the University to better assess and enhance its programming and services to meet the academic, medical, research and outreach missions of the University:
Routing information such as the Internet domain and Internet Protocol (IP) address from which you accessed the site. Routing information is used to route the requested web page to your computer for viewing.
Essential technical information such as pages accessed; time and date accessed; operating system used; type of browser used; information about the website from which you accessed this website and connection statistics (e.g. ports, number bytes, number packets, time of first and last packet, etc.). Essential technical information is used for such purposes as helping to respond to your request in an appropriate format and helping to plan website improvements.
How we use the information, we collect
We use the information we collect for things like:
Optimizing the performance and user experience of our sites
Operating, evaluating and improving our business
Fulfilling orders and requests for products, services or information
Processing returns and exchanges
Tracking and confirming online appointments
Marketing and advertising products and services, including identifying you on our websites and tailoring advertisements and offers to you (both on our websites and on other websites) based on your interactions with us in our stores and online
Conducting research and analysis
Communicating with you about your account, special events and surveys
Establishing and managing your accounts with us
We may combine this information with any other information we have about you, including, if you are a UConn Health  Patient, any PHI we have about you. If we combine this information with your PHI, we will treat all of that information as PHI, and will only use or disclose that information as set forth in our notice of privacy practices.
Information that is collected automatically may be retained as necessary for appropriate business purposes to review and enhance website content and program delivery. While in general this information is not reported or used in any manner that would reveal personally identifiable information, it should be noted that this information, along with other information that might be available, may enable UConn to identify an individual involved in a specific transmission and that this information may be forwarded to law enforcement agencies or appropriate University personnel when required as part of an investigation.
Use of Cookies
One way the information above is automatically collected is by way of using “cookies.”  A “cookie” is a small data file that is written onto your hard drive and contains information about your visit to a web page. The University may place cookies on a visitor’s computer in order to provide a more efficient and convenient service to you. Cookies do not generally contain personally identifiable information.
Most browser software allows users to make choices on how cookies are set by websites, including the ability to disable cookies. If you prefer not to receive cookies, you may configure your browser to not accept them at all, or to notify and require approval before accepting new cookies. Setting a browser to disable cookies may restrict your ability to interact with some or all information available on the website/web page.  You also may have to provide the same information each time you visit those pages.
In order to customize the information and services offered to you, the use of cookies by our site may:
Store visitor preferences.
Record session information, such as items that visitors add to their shopping cart.
Record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit.
Alert visitors to new areas that we think might be of interest to them when they return to our site.
Record past activity in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site.
Ensure that visitors are not repeatedly sent the same banner ads.
Customize web page content on visitors’ browser type or other information that the visitor sends.
Record aggregate information collected by website data analytics.
At times information may also be collected that cannot be used to directly identify you, such as browser access times, referring URLs, and similar non-personally identifiable information. For example, aggregate non-personal information about you and other customers who visit websites within UConn. Aggregated information will not contain any information that can be linked directly back to you.
Continued use of our website indicates consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of this information as described in this Privacy Notice.
Information Provided by You Voluntarily
Other than automatically-collected technical information about your visit described above, we may ask you to provide information voluntarily.
This is information that you might provide to UConn when email is sent or when forms are completed online. Additionally, UConn may collect information about you via web-based forms, other forms of communication, and/or registering for an event or to receive information or services that are made accessible to users. This information may contain personally identifiable data such as your name, address, email address, telephone number, photographs, video, voice content, social security number, credit card information, bank information, password, or any combination of data that could be used to identify you such as your birth date, your zip code and your gender.
While most voluntary information is only maintained long enough to provide the specific service requested, some personally identifiable information may be retained longer in order to meet specific Records Retention Schedules as mandated by the State of Connecticut or other regulatory bodies, and/or as part of backup procedures. In addition, some personally identifiable information may be added to University databases to be used for other required University business, legal and/or academic purposes.  Please refer to individual University unit webpages for additional information regarding voluntary information collection, use, processing and retention.
Disclosure & Information Sharing
Aggregate & Non-Identifiable Data
The University may share aggregate, non-personally identifiable information with other entities or organizations.
Personally Identifiable Information
The University may share your information with appropriate University personnel or departments to ensure the functionality, quality and/or security of our websites, or to manage your relationship with the University.  The University also may share certain personally identifiable information (PII) with vendors with which the University has contracted to perform specific functions of the University on our behalf.  All such vendors are bound to the same data privacy and security rules as the University when accessing, using or otherwise processing PII on behalf of the University.
We do not voluntarily share PII with other entities or organizations, except under the following circumstances:
With your prior written consent.
When we have given you clear notice that we will disclose information that you voluntarily provide.
With appropriate external parties, such as law enforcement agencies, in order to investigate, verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our website and applicable laws, or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our website. Any such disclosures shall comply with applicable laws and University policies.
When required by applicable law.
Please note, that as a public institution of higher education in the State of Connecticut, the University is subject to the Connecticut Freedom of Information Act.  As such, we may be required by law to disclose certain records or portions of a record’s content to comply with a document request made pursuant to this Act. The University shall follow all applicable laws requiring protection of PII when responding to such requests for information under the Connecticut Freedom of Information Act.
Children
Please note that University websites are not directed to children under 13 years of age.  We do not sell products or services intended for purchase by children under the age of 13, nor do we knowingly collect or store any personal information, even in aggregate, about children under the age of 13.
Use of Third Party Services
UConn and its websites use third party applications for data analytics.  This includes Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”) is utilized by some of our sites. Google Analytics uses cookies to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including possibly your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google.
For more information, please visit Google’s Privacy Policy.
Links to Other Sites
In some cases, official University websites may contain links to non-University websites.  Providing such links does not imply endorsement of the information or services offered by these linked sites.  Nor do the University’s Privacy Notices, policies or procedures apply to these other sites.  When you link to a third-party site, you do so at your own discretion and any data collected is subject to the privacy policies of that web site.
Security
Due to the rapidly evolving nature of information technology, the electronic transmission of data, including via the Internet, cannot be guaranteed complete security.  The University is committed to protecting your privacy and securing your information.  However, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to University websites from outside the University environment, and you do so at your own risk.  Once we receive the information you transmitted, we will use reasonable safeguards consistent with applicable legal requirements and prevailing information security standards to appropriately maintain the security of personal information collected on or otherwise processed by way of our websites.
Additional Data Subject Rights Notification
Under laws applicable to the European Union, specifically the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”), if your personal information was transferred out of the European Union, you have the right to request access to, rectify, erase and restrict the processing of your personal data. You also have the right to revoke this consent to use your personal data. You may exercise these rights or ask questions concerning the use of your information by contacting UConn’s Office of Privacy Protection & Management at privacy@uconn.edu. If personal information was transferred out of the European Union to the University of Connecticut and you feel the University has violated the GDPR, you have the right to file a complaint with the appropriate supervisory authority in the European Union. These rights are more specifically described in the Privacy Notices posted on the University of Connecticut’s website at http://privacy.uconn.edu.
If you believe that, under applicable laws of your home country, you have additional rights that you would like to exercise, you may contact the University of Connecticut’s Privacy Program at privacy@uconn.edu.
Contact Information
University of Connecticut: If you have questions or concerns about this policy or other privacy-related matters at the University of Connecticut, please contact the University’s Office of Privacy Protection & Management at privacy@uconn.edu.
UConn Health:  If you have questions or concerns about this policy or other privacy-related matters at UConn Health, please contact UConn Health’s Office of Healthcare Compliance and Privacy at privacyoffice@uchc.edu.
Effective: 5/25/2018
Revised: 12/3/2020