https://promusicacolumbus.org/privacy/
Donate
Menu
Concerts & Tickets
Current Season
Special Offers
Education
Students & Schools
Kids & Families
College & Adults
Play Us Forward
Plan Your Visit
Venue Information
FAQ
Ticket Policy
Media
Virtual Hub
Blog
News
Press Releases
About
The Orchestra
Artistic Leadership
Our Musicians
Board & Administration
Employment
Hire ProMusica
Give
Make a Gift
Maestro’s Challenge
Memberships
Special Events
Corporate & Foundation
Endowment & Planned Giving
Partners
Volunteer
Sustaining Board
Contact
Search
Privacy
ProMusica Chamber Orchestra Privacy Policy
ProMusica Chamber Orchestra is committed to protecting the privacy of our visitors, supporters, and customers to our website. Our commitment to your privacy guides us in how we gather, use, and share your personal information.
We encourage you to read this statement to understand our purpose for collecting personal data. This document also states how to contact us regarding the personal information you supply to us via online transactions and electronic communications through this website.
For each visitor to our website, our web server automatically recognizes the user’s IP address. We use cookies to store visitor preferences and collect aggregate information to determine what pages consumers access or visit. Those portions of our website which use encryption collect sensitive information such as credit card numbers. Such information, which is kept separate from other information we gather, is used only for the purposes related to the transaction for which you supply the information. We do not disclose this information to others for unrelated purposes.
ProMusica collects the street address, telephone number and email address of each customer who purchases tickets or compact disc recordings online through our website, as well as those persons who communicate with us via electronic mail. From time to time, we will use this information to contact you regarding special offers or upcoming events. ProMusica may occasionally share your name and mailing address with other local arts organizations we think you might find interesting. ProMusica will not, however, share your email address without your consent. If you do not want us to share your information with other organizations, please write to ProMusica at the address listed below. Please provide us with your exact name, mailing address, telephone number and email address in your correspondence, so we can make certain your name is removed from this list.
In the future, we may use customer information for other unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy policy. Should our practices change, we will post the policy changes to this page prior to taking effect. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check this page periodically.
Please help us maintain the accuracy of your personal information by notifying us with a change in your address, telephone number or email address. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy, please contact us at:
ProMusica Chamber Orchestra
620 East Broad Street, Suite 300
Columbus, OH 43215
614.464.0066
info@promusicacolumbus.org
Become a Member
View Event Calendar
Make a Donation
Explore
Concerts & Tickets
Education
Plan Your Visit
Media
About
Give
Contact
Stay Connected
facebook
instagram
twitter
youtube
Get Updated
SIGN UP
© 2019 ProMusica Chamber Orchestra | Privacy Policy