http://purplekitty.biz/privacy-policy
Home › Privacy Policy ›
Privacy Policy
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for the purplekitty.biz website, wholly owned by Purple Kitty LLC, and all of its websites. We value the trust you place in us and your privacy is very important to us. We have created this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy and security. Please check our policy periodically for changes.
Information Collection and Use
Purple Kitty is the sole owner of the information collected on its sites. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Purple Kitty collects information from our users at several different points on our websites so as to allow customers to purchase goods or services from this website or to communicate with us in other ways.
Customers
Customers who purchase goods and services from Purple Kitty will enter specific information on secure links to the Purple Kitty shopping cart and send credit card information to the Pay Pal payment gateway. Purple Kitty operates in accordance with all rules and regulations of Pay Pal so as to ensure safe and secure customer transactions.
Customer credit card information is supplied to Pay Pal, as directed by the customer, and is not seen, accessed, stored, or otherwise acquired or used by Purple Kitty. Non credit card information supplied to Purple Kitty by customers will not be available to any other parties without the express written consent of the customer.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Purple Kitty may store some information on the visitor's computer in the form of a cookie or similar file. The cookies that are configured by us do not contain any personally identifying information, such as your name, or sensitive information. The cookies allow us to recognize you when you return to our site and to provide you with a customized experience that we feel will be of value to you. Advertisers, partners, sponsors, and sites contained on our website may use their own cookies. We do not control use of cookies from other websites and expressly disclaim responsibility for information collected through them.
The Pay Pal payment gateway may use and/or require cookies for the entry of credit card data. If cookies are used by Pay Pal , Purple Kitty does not send any of these cookies and does not receive any information from them.
Disabling Cookies
Most web browsers allow you to exercise control over cookie files on your computer by erasing them, blocking them, or notifying you when such a file is stored. Please take a look at your particular browser for instructions on this function. If you do elect to disable the Purple Kitty cookie, please note that you may not be able to take full advantage of a personalized experience at Purple Kitty.
Sharing
Purple Kitty shares no data with any person or organization.
Email
Purple Kitty collects email addresses from customers during the checkout procedure in the shopping cart. Email addresses are necessary for Purple Kitty to communicate the completion of the sale to the customers and to communicate with the customers when the need arises. We will not sell, share, or rent email addresses to others. Purple Kitty might, from time to time, email past customers regarding upcoming sales, promotional items, or other information pertinent to the Purple Kitty business.
Links
Purple Kitty websites can contain links to other sites. Please be aware that Purple Kitty is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by our websites.
Security
Our websites take every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the websites, the information is protected both online and offline.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes here so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we want to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will request permission from each affected user by way of an email and will refrain from using this information until we receive express permission from the user(s).
Special Cases
Under extraordinary circumstances, Purple Kitty may disclose information about customers or visitors regarding your use of the services or websites. Such extraordinary circumstances may include but not be limited to: satisfaction of laws, regulations, or governmental or legal requests for such information; to disclose information that is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating acceptable use policies or other user policies; to operate our services properly; or to protect Purple Kitty and its visitors, members or users.
Newly Added Crochet Patterns
Charleston Garden Afghan Pattern #1706
Curtain Pull Pattern #203
Curtain Pull Pattern #202
Curtain Pull Pattern #204
Curtain Pull Pattern #201
Curtain Pull Pattern #200
Carnations Pattern #1551
Chair Back Pattern #4506
Puritan Bedspread Pattern #4507
Snowflake Scarf Pattern #227
more
Newly Added Knitting Patterns
Youngsters | Fashions in Wool | Styled by Hilde Volume No. 98
more
Search this site:
Purple Kitty
Graph Patterns
Restored eBooks
2012 eBook Bundle Pack
2013 eBook Bundle Pack
2014/2015 eBook Bundle Pack
2016/2017/2018 eBook Bundle Pack
2019/2020/2021 eBook Bundle Pack
American Thread Company
Bernat Handicrafter
Bernhard Ulmann
Columbia Minerva
DMC Corporation
Doreen Knitting Books
Fashions in Wool
J & P Coats - Clark's ONT
Jack Frost Yarn Company
Lily Mills Company
Royal Society
Spool Cotton Company
Dover Needlework Series
Old Time Crochet Magazine
Crochet
Newly Added Patterns
Crochet Pattern Categories
Crochet Pattern Books
How to Crochet
Crochet Abbreviations
Hook Conversion Chart
Steel Hook Chart
Knitting
Newly Added Patterns
Knit Pattern Categories
Knit Pattern Books
How to Knit
Knitting Abbreviations
Needle Conversion Chart
Discontinued Yarn Chart
Websites
Barn to Yarn
Free Vintage Crochet
Free Vintage Knitting
Purple Kitty Yarns
Our Soaring Eagle
Then and Now Oswego
Rainbow Spring Acres
Plant, Animal, Mineral
User login
Username: *
Password: *
Request new password
All contents © 2018 Purple Kitty LLC All rights reserved.Privacy Policy | About Me | My Websites