https://qdosentertainment.co.uk/about/privacy
Home
About Qdos Entertainment
Careers
Contact us
Theatres & HospitalityPubs, Restaurants & RoomsTheatrical ProductionsTheatrical HireTalent AgencyDesign & print
Privacy and cookies
Non-personal identification information
Every time you visit our website, log files are generated on the servers.
We may collect information about your computer, including your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and in order to create reports. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
Web browser cookies
This site uses cookies from Google Analytics. Google Analytics is a web analytics tool that helps website owners understand how visitors engage with their website. Google Analytics customers can view a variety of reports about how visitors interact with their website so that they can improve it.
Like many services, Google Analytics uses first-party cookies to track visitor interactions as in our case, where they are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We then use the information to compile reports and to help us improve our site.
Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. These cookies are used to store information, such as the time that the current visit occurred, whether the visitor has been to the site before and what site referred the visitor to the web page.
Google Analytics collects information anonymously. It reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. You can opt out of Google Analytics without affecting how you visit our site – for more information on opting out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites you use, visit this Google page.
The following cookies may be used by this site:
exp_last_visit sets the date and time that the user last visited the site. Expires after a year.
exp_tracker tracks the last 5 pages viewed by the user. Expires at end of visit.
exp_last_activity is set to the current date and time whenever a page is loaded. Expires after a year.
_utma used by Google Analytics to distinguish users. Expires after two years.
_utmt used by Google Analytics to throttle the request rate. Expires after 10 minutes.
_utmb used by Google Analytics to determine new sessions/visits. Expires after 30 minutes.
We do not collect any personal data as a result of your visit to this website.
This policy was last updated on 11 May 2015.
About Qdos
Nick Thomas MBE, ChairmanCareersContact us
Home
About Qdos Entertainment
Modern Slavery Statement
Privacy & cookies
Careers
Contact us
© 2020
Qdos Entertainment Ltd, Qdos House, Queen Margaret's Road, Scarborough, North Yorkshire, YO11 2YH