http://quarkvsindesign.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Quark VS InDesign
News & Features
Knowing The Types of Roulette Game in Gambling Online
How to Know The Bad Players in Blackjack of Gambling Online
Adobe Ships Creative Suite 3
Extensis Unveils Universal Type Server
InDesign CS3: Mastering The Design-Editorial Collaboration
Adobe Names Shantanu Narayen Chief Executive Officer
InCopy CS3: The Editor’s Right Hand
Discussion
Nico:  Hi all, sorry first for my English, I’m mothertongued French….
ispaan:  Just a note: I have the plug-in Q2ID version 3 on a Mac. Quark…
joe:  why are you arguing about this? it is feeble.
Roger Verydarkgrey:  Um… I’m just trying the Xpress 8 demo. This…
MacBoy:  I’m with #150. The bundled products keep many from even trying…
david leblanc:  Well well, it was odd to see all those notes form 2003. Now…
Richard:  I’m wondering if someone could help me. I’m looking for…
raghu:  i need one pdf e book for indesign pls help me
Scott Gibson:  Having used both programs for many years, I must say that…
Joe Giunt:  I couldn’t disagree more with #150 lysander. I am an old…
On Sale
Category
2005
2006
2007
2008
a1
a2
sc
Quark VS InDesign
Home
About
Advertising & Sponsorships
Archives
Contact
Feeds
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Tips & Tricks
War History
Contests & Giveaways
Creative Suite
Features
How-To
InCopy
InDesign
News
Plugins/Xtensions
QuarkXPress
Reviews
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Statement
This is a Privacy Policy Statement disclosing the privacy practices for the Quark VS InDesign.comwebsite. When you visit a website, you have the right to be made aware of what personally indentifiable information the website will collect about you, how that information will be used, with whom it may be shared, and how you may correct any inaccuracies in that information. This Privacy Policy Statement provides this information and more.
What personally identifiable information of yours is collected?
When you visit any website your Web browser communicates to that site the Internet Protocal (IP) address of your computer and/or Internet Service Provider. Like most websites, Quark VS InDesign.com records your IP address to gather broad demographic information and to help us manage the functionality and security of our website.
We gather other personally identifiable information when you volunteer to give it to us, such as when you comment on an article, register for a membership to the website, enter a contest or giveaway, participate in a survey, or otherwise communicate with us. Some services, such as access to members only content, require membership registration as a condition of use. When you register for membership you are no longer anonymous to Quark VS InDesign.com; you are given a Quark VS InDesign.com ID and are able to enjoy additional website features and services not available to anonymous visitors.
What information can you volunteer and how does Quark VS InDesign.com display it publicly?
When you submit a comment to an article or discussion you must provide a name, which may be your real name or a nickname, and a valid e-mail address. The name you provide will appear publicly with your comment, but your e-mail address will not be displayed publicly anywhere on Quark VS InDesign.com. Registered members may also provide a company name and website URL to appear with their names and comments. The country of origin of both registered and non-registered respondants may be displayed; countries of origin are determined by IP addresses.
When you register for membership at Quark VS InDesign.com you will be asked to provide your name, e-mail address, mailing address, and other similar personal information. Mailing address information is used primarily to deliver to you any prizes won in contests or giveaways, but Quark VS InDesign.com may also display your city, state, country, and/or zip or postal code publicly (typically as part of a list of winners). At no time will Quark VS InDesign.com display your phone number or street address publicly.
Quark VS InDesign.com is not responsible for information you volunteer about yourself in comments to articles, your member profile, and other forms of publicly accessable interaction. As a member you may correct or change your member profile at any time; look for a link to “My Account” or “Manage Your Membership” on Quark VS InDesign.com, or consult the welcome message you received upon first registering with Quark VS InDesign.com.
Does Quark VS InDesign.com set “cookies” on your computer?
Cookies (A.K.A. “HTTP cookies” and “Web cookies”) are tiny data files written to your computer by some websites for the purposes of tracking your usage of the websites and/or storing your preferences, identification information on the site (e.g. username and password), and so on. In short, cookies enable a website to remember you, and are by and large used to your benefit.
Quark VS InDesign.com does not create or read cookies on the computers of anonymous visitors.
Registered members of the website, upon logging into the site, have the option of setting a cookie to store their usernames and passwords to make future logins automatic. Creation of the cookie is voluntary: to create a cookie, choose the “Log me in automatically from now on” option on the Member Login or similar page. To prevent a cookie from being created on your computer, do not choose the “Log me in automatically from now on” option.
Cookies created by Quark VS InDesign.com cannot be read by other websites, nor can cookies created by other websites be read by Quark VS InDesign.com.
How does Quark VS InDesign.com use your information?
The information you voluntarily provide to us is used to provide you with specific features and services, and to improve your experience using the website and its services. Quark VS InDesign.com uses information that you voluntarily provide in order to send out electronic newsletters and to enable you to participate in discussions, contests, and polls.
Your E-mail Address: In order to use certain features of the website you are required to provide a valid e-mail address as a security measure. Some features of the site then use that e-mail address to send a one-time message for confirmation or verification or deliver additional instruction to you. For example, when registering for membership the website will deliver a verification e-mail to the e-mail address you provided.
Both website members and non-members may be presented the option to elect to receive occasional e-mail announcements or newsletters directly from Quark VS InDesign.com (but not from third parties). Whether to receive these mailings is entirely voluntary, and your choice may be changed at any time by altering your subscription status in your membership account options (for members) or via an “unsubscribe” or similarly labeled link within the mailings themselves. Currently Quark VS InDesign.com sends an average of 1-2 such mailings per calendar month.
To receive our occasional e-mail announcements and/or newsletters, you must deliberately subscribe to them by checking clearly labeled options on a form. Providing your e-mail address for commenting on articles or discussions will not subscribe you to any announcements or newsletters from Quark VS InDesign.com.
Quark VS InDesign.com does not send unsolicited mass mailings (”spam”).
Quark VS InDesign.com never shares mailing lists with third parties, including advertisers or partners.
With whom does Quark VS InDesign.com share your information?
Naturally, the aggregate statistics that describe our audience, which is often based on the information you provide when you subscribe, register, or browse our sites, help us sell advertising and otherwise publicize Quark VS InDesign.com. The information we share under these circumstances does not contain behavioral or identifying information about any individual reader or user, unless the individual has given us permission to share that information.
Many of the contests and giveaways on Quark VS InDesign.com are sponsored or co-sponsored by third party companies responsible for fulfillment of prizes. Winners’ names, e-mail addresses, telephone numbers, and mailing addresses will be provided to prize furnishers for the purposes of fulfillment and correspondance regarding fulfillment. Before entering a contest we recommend you also consult the privacy policies of the companies furnishing prizes.
The information you voluntarily provide to Quark VS InDesign.com is considered part of the website assets and may be subject to transfer to another company in the event of a change of ownership.
The law permits us to share information about our current and former customers with government agencies or authorized third parties under certain circumstances. For example, we may be required to share such information in response to subpoenas or to comply with certain laws.
We may also disclose user information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) Quark VS InDesign.com’s rights or property, other Quark VS InDesign.com users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities.
Quark VS InDesign.com does not provide mailing lists or other personally identifiable user information to third parties except as set forth above.
How can you update or correct your information?
As a registered member you may change or correct errors in your member profile at any time. Look for a link to “My Account” or “Manage Your Membership” on Quark VS InDesign.com, or consult the welcome message you received upon first registering with Quark VS InDesign.com.
Because the identities of non-members cannot be verified, information submitted by non-members in comments to articles, discussions, and elsewhere becomes a permanent and unalterable part of the website. Please check your information carefully before submitting it to Quark VS InDesign.com.
Mailing list subscriptions may be changed at any time by altering your subscription status in your membership account options (for members) or via an “unsubscribe” or similarly labeled link within the mailings themselves. Please allow 2-4 weeks for changes to take effect.
Are children allowed to register for or participate on Quark VS InDesign.com?
Quark VS InDesign.com is not intended for use by children, especially those under 13. No one under age 13 is allowed to provide any personal information or use our public discussion areas, forums, and chats. Minors under the age of 18 are prohibited from entering contests or giveaways, subscribing to mailing lists, or making purchases on Quark VS InDesign.com.
If your children disclose information about themselves in our public discussion areas, they may get unsolicited messages from other parties. Accordingly, you should tell them not to do so.
Does Quark VS InDesign.com secure your personal information?
We use reasonable precautions to keep the personal information you disclose to us secure and to only release this information to third parties we believe share our commitment to privacy. However, we are not responsible for any breach of security or for the actions of these parties.