https://rainbowserpent.net/terms-conditions/
RSF Members
Log InRegister Why Register
GO
Days
Hours
Mins
Secs
Home
Participate
Application FAQs
Market Bazaar – Apply
Food Bazaar – Apply
Nomad Bazaar – Apply
Friends and Network Sellers (FANs) Program – Apply
Media Pass – Apply
The Nest – Apply
Decor / Installation – CLOSED
Dooferazzi – CLOSED
Emerging Artists Grants – CLOSED
Evolve Gallery / Live Painting – CLOSED
Kids space – CLOSED
Massage and Healing Space – CLOSED
Music – CLOSED
Performers – CLOSED
Rainbow Community Grants – CLOSED
VJ / Multimedia – CLOSED
Work for a Ticket – CLOSED
Workshops – CLOSED
Music
Music
Rainbow Regen Line Up So Far
Horizon Stage
Market Stage
Temple Stage
Arts
Arts
Decor and Installations
Performers
Emerging Artists Grants
The Village
Explore the Village
Land Art Gardens
Cinema
Aboriginal Camp
Aboriginal Ceremonies
Bazaar
Experience the Bazaar
Food Stalls
Market Stalls
Environment
Sustainability
Waste and Sustainability Reports
Environmental Policy
Vehicle Pass
RainGROW Weekend
Camping and Travel
Rainbow Rangers
Transport Options
Walk-in Camping Village
Charter Bus
Banana Bus
Shuttle Bus Timetable
Sleepy Hollow On Site Accommodation
Family Camping
Disability Access
Directions
What to bring
Community Responsibility
Look After Your Mates
Your Health / Substances / Driver Impairment & Police
Trespassing
Do you Appreciate or Appropriate?
10 Pillars of Festival Safety
The Nest
Multimedia
Make the Connection
Meet the Dooferazzi
News
Rainbow Beat
Rainbow Serpent Festival: a brief history
FAQs
About Us
Ticket Frequently Asked Questions
Our Sponsors and Partners
Onsite Rules and Guidelines
Why we ban stuff
Terms & Conditions
Website Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
RSF Merch Shop
Contact
Log InRegisterCart
Site Map
Terms & Conditions
OFFICIAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF TICKET SALES AND ADMISSION TO RAINBOW SERPENT FESTIVAL 2020 – REGEN EDITION
2020 Gap Events Pty Ltd as trustee for Gap Events Unit Trust (ABN 55 163 090 785) (the “Promoter”) is the operator and promoter of the festival Rainbow Serpent Festival 2020 (the “Festival”) which is to be held on private property in Lexton, Victoria (the “Festival Site”).
The following terms and conditions (“Terms and Conditions”) apply to sale of tickets (“Tickets”) and admission to the Festival. By purchasing, having someone else purchase or being gifted a Ticket to the Festival or otherwise attending the Festival, you agree to bound by and follow the Terms and Conditions. The Promoter reserves its right to vary the Terms and Conditions at any time, and will post such changes on its website found at www.rainbowserpent.net (the “Website”).
Tickets
To attend the Festival, you must show a valid Ticket. Exceptions apply to children 12 years or under.
Tickets may be purchased from authorised promoters and retail stores (“Hard Tickets”) or as e-tickets online (“E-Tickets”). The Promoter may also gift you a complimentary Ticket.
Unless otherwise authorised by the Promoter on the Website or otherwise, Tickets may not be re-sold and are non-transferable.
All E-Tickets are printed with a name. If you attempt to use an E-Ticket to enter the Festival, you must be the person listed on the E-Ticket (and show Valid ID bearing the same name as on the E-Ticket). “Valid ID” means a valid passport, Australian driver’s licence or keypass.
The Promoter will not replace lost, stolen or damaged Tickets. We may cancel a Ticket, where it is sold in a manner not authorised by us. You may be refused entry to the Festival if your Ticket is found to be damaged or cancelled.
Refunds, Changes and Cancellations:
Unless authorised by the Promoter and subject to clause 21A, Ticket sales are strictly non-refundable. You will not be entitled to a refund for a change of personal circumstances, poor weather conditions, where you are evicted from the Festival or where the Promoters makes changes to the Festival. Different rules may apply for Tickets sold to Youth, as set out in the Youth Policy.
The Promoter reserves the right in its sole discretion to make changes to the Festival, without prior notice, including without limitation dates, venue, line-ups, amenities, facilities, entry and exit times and other Festival attractions.
The Promoter may cancel the Festival, for a reason outside the Promoter’s reasonable control, including without limitation, fire, poor weather conditions, drought, acts of god, rulings by council, the police or other authorities (a “Force Majeure Event”). Where the Festival is cancelled due to a Force Majeure Event, the Promoter may provide refunds in its absolute discretion, subject to clause 21A. Where the Festival is cancelled for any other reason, the Promoter will refund the value of your Ticket less the booking fee.
Access
The Promoter may in its sole discretion refuse you entry to the Festival, if you have breached the Terms and Conditions or otherwise pose a threat to the security of the Festival. If you attempt to obtain access to the Festival Site without a valid Ticket, you will be considered a trespasser and handed to the local authorities for charging, where the Promoter will seek maximum penalties.
Upon admission to the Event, you will be provided with a wristband (“Wristband”). You must keep your Wristband on AT ALL TIMES during the Festival and will be evicted if you are caught not wearing one. Lost, damaged or stolen Wristbands will not be replaced. Your Wristband acts as your ‘pass-out’ for the Festival. Your Wristband provides you access to all public areas of the Festival Site.
It is a condition of entry to the Festival that you allow Festival staff to search your vehicle, clothes, bags and other possessions prior to entering the Festival Site.
Minors
This is an all ages event. Children (under 12), Youth (12-17), their parent, legal guardian or other nominated person accompanying the Child or Youth who is 25 years or over, must comply with the Youth Policy. If there are any inconsistencies between these Terms and Conditions and the Youth Policy, the Youth Policy will prevail insofar as such matters relate to Children or Youth. Children and Youth are collectively referred to as ‘Minors’ from time to time in these Terms and Conditions.
Onsite Conduct
When attending the Festival, you must follow the direction of the Promoter’s staff at all times, the Onsite Rules which can be found at https://rainbowserpent.net/faqs/onsite-rules-guidelines/ (“Onsite Rules”) and other policies found on the Website or otherwise published online or at the Festival (“Festival Policies”). The Onsite Rules and Festival Policies are incorporated into the Terms and Conditions and are binding on you. You may be evicted by the Promoter where you do not follow the Terms and Conditions, Onsite Rules and/or any Festival Policies. Anyone found dealing illegal drugs, committing sexual harassment or assault or carrying out any other criminal behaviour at the Festival will be evicted and reported to the police.
Cars, Camping and the Environment
To bring your vehicle on the Festival Site, you must display a vehicle pass, which may be pre-purchased via the Website. The Promoter may tow-away any vehicle that is parked on an undesignated area or on the public roads surrounding the festival. You agree that you are only permitted to camp and park within designated areas and as directed by the Promoter. You agree to respect the environment, recycle rubbish and be water efficient at all time during the Festival.
Prohibited Items and Behaviour
You are prohibited from bringing certain items to or acting in certain ways at the Festival. Prohibited items include glass, excessive alcohol, pets (with the exception of registered guide dogs), BBQs, fireworks, candles, gas stoves, quads or mini bikes, generators, sound systems, illicit drugs and illegal substances. Prohibited behaviour includes lighting fires, stealing, harming the environment, disrupting local communities, damaging the Festival Site and equipment, tampering with neighbours’ properties, anti-social behaviour, aggressive or harassing conduct and impaired driving. Refer to the Website for a full list of prohibited items and behaviour and for more information. If we are required to confiscate a prohibited item, we do not guarantee the safe return of that item. You agree we are not responsible for any loss or damage associated with us confiscating a prohibited item.
Privacy
You agree that we may collect, use, store and disclose personal information belonging to you, in accordance with our Privacy Policy which is found at https://www.rainbowserpent.net/privacy-policy.
Intellectual Property and Recordings
The Promoter is the exclusive owner or licensee of all intellectual property created to promote the Festival including registered trade mark ‘Rainbow Serpent Festival’ and Rainbow Serpent Festival logo (“Festival IP”). Should you wish to use the Festival IP other than for private, non-commercial purposes, you must obtain the prior written consent of the Promoter.
All media personnel must have the prior written approval of the Promoter to enter the Festival Site. Professional audio visual cameras (as determined by the Promoter) are not permitted at the Festival, unless you have the prior written permission of the Promoter and carry that permission at all times. You agree that authorised personnel may take photos, films and other recordings of you at the Festival and the Promoter may use those in perpetuity for any promotional purpose. If you take any photo, film or other recording at the Festival, you hereby agree to let the Promoter use them in perpetuity throughout the world, on a royalty free basis, on a non-exclusive basis, through all media, for any promotional purpose relating to the Festival.
Risk
Entry to the Festival is AT YOUR OWN RISK. You acknowledge that there are many inherent dangers of attending a camping festival which may result in loss or damage to your property, personal injury or even death and you agree to take all necessary steps to keep yourself (and any Minors under your care) safe such as wearing footwear and earplugs and staying hydrated. Where you (or a Minor under your care) is injured or falls ill at the Festival, you consent to the Promoter arranging the necessary medical treatment and medical authorities exchanging personal and sensitive information with the Promoter in order for the Promoter to address risks and hazards at the Festival. The Promoter does not accept any responsibility for loss or damage to your personal property.
Waiver
Subject to clause 21.A and to the fullest extent permitted by law you agree to waive any legal rights of action you may have against and release the Promoter, its officers, employees, agents, contractors, volunteers (the “Associates”) from all claims, liability, loss, damage and costs however so arising out of or in relation your attendance at the Festival (whether based in negligence or any other tort, contract, statutory liability, omission on the part of the persons released or otherwise).
Indemnity
To the extent permitted by law, you agree to indemnify and hold the Promoter and the Associates harmless from any and all direct, quantifiable and reasonable claims, liability, loss, damage and costs suffered by the Promoter and the Associates (whether based in negligence or any other tort, contract, statutory liability or otherwise) in relation to you (or any Minor you bring to the Festival, as an Accompanying Adult, under the Youth Policy) failing to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
Australian Consumer Law
21A. Our services may come with Consumer Guarantees (“Consumer Guarantees”)        under Schedule 2 of the Competition and Consumer Act 2010 (Cth) (“Australian Consumer Law”).  Nothing in these Terms and Conditions purports to limit, modify, restrict, exclude or override any Consumer Guarantees under the Australian Consumer Law.
General
Any void or unenforceable part of these Terms and Conditions may be severed without affecting the enforceability of the remainder of these Terms and Conditions.
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Victoria, Australia and the Federal Court of Australia (where applicable). The Parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Victoria, Australia.
The Promoter is permitted to assign this agreement to a third party for restructuring, sale or any other purpose provided that the third party agrees to assume the Promoter’s rights and responsibilities under this agreement.
Rainbow Serpent Festival would like to acknowledge that this festival is on the Traditional Countries of Dja Dja Wurrung
and Wadawurrung Peoples.
We pay respect to their Ancestors, Elders past and present, along with today’s descendants that carry on the living culture and ensure its survival for future generations.
© 2019 Rainbow Serpent Festival. All rights reserved.
Top