https://raybradbury.com/terms-of-use/
Skip to content
Terms of Use
Welcome to the Ray Bradbury Website, www.raybradbury.com (collectively, the “Site”) operated by Bradbury Literary Works LLC (“we,” “us,” or “our”).   By visiting the Site, you signify that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use (“Terms of Use”).  If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, then do not use the Site.
These Terms of Use are effective as of the date posted above and we will not be bound by any additional or different terms on other documents that are inconsistent with these terms. We may modify or update these Terms of Use at any time by posting the amended terms on the Site or through information given by email and such terms shall be effective for all use of the Site once they are posted. Your continued access of the Site and/or use of the services provided through the Site following the posting of any additional or different terms in the Terms of Use constitutes your acceptance of those additional or different terms. We, in our sole discretion, may also add, delete or change some or all of the features of the Site at any time.
These Terms of Use govern your access to and use of the Site. Please read these Terms of Use carefully before using the Site. If you violate any of these Terms of Use (which include by reference our Privacy Policy) or otherwise violate an agreement between you and us, we may terminate your registration, and/or prohibit you from using or accessing the Site (or any portion, aspect or feature of the Site), at any time in our sole discretion, with or without notice.
As used herein, “User” or “Users” means anyone who accesses and/or uses the Site.
1. Description of the Services
Subject to the terms and conditions specified herein and as described in our Privacy Policy, we provide information on our Site regarding our services, including information about events, membership, partnership, subscriptions, and collaboration (the “Services”).
2. Collection of Personal Data
If you wish to contact us or obtain certain information about our Services, you must provide Personal Data about yourself, as further described in the Privacy Policy
By providing such information, you agree: (i) to these Terms of Use; (ii) to provide true, accurate, current and complete information; (iii) to maintain and promptly update the information to keep it true, accurate, current and complete; and (iv) to take full responsibility for all activities that occur when you use the Site.
We are not responsible for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with the foregoing requirements. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or if we have reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, we may suspend or terminate your account and refuse all current or future use of the Site (or any portion thereof).