http://readlit.com/privacy-policy/
About ReadLit
Sign Up
Sign In
Page NavigationAbout ReadLitSign UpSign In
We love books
Book Reviews
Browse book reviews
Add a book review
vi-Read
Watch review videos
Add a review video
Cafe Reviews
Browse cafe reviews
Add a cafe review
Play
100-word challenge
Literary Quizzes
Puzzle
Literary Colours
Musings
Browse musings
Share your musings
Talk Literature
Category NavigationBook Reviews     Browse book reviews     Add a book reviewvi-Read     Watch review videos     Add a review videoCafe Reviews     Browse cafe reviews     Add a cafe reviewPlay     100-word challenge     Literary Quizzes     PuzzleLiterary ColoursMusings     Browse musings     Share your musingsTalk Literature
Don't Miss
An Ottoman Traveller, Evliya Çelebi – Dankoff & Kim, trans. ed.
Books on the Making of the Modern Middle East – Rogan, McMeekin, Hardy, Wheatcroft
Dombey and Son – Charles Dickens
The Map and the Territory – Michel Houellebecq
The Nigger of the Narcissus – Joseph Conrad
Number Zero – Umberto Eco
Baltasar and Blimunda – José Saramago
The Baphomet – Pierre Klossowski
419 – Will Ferguson
Ferdydurke – Witold Gombrowicz
Absalom, Absalom! – William Faulkner
Catcher in the Rye – J.D.Salinger
The Crying of Lot 49 – Thomas Pynchon
Gravity’s Rainbow – Thomas Pynchon
The Bell Jar – Sylvia Plath
Lolita – Vladimir Nabokov
Pnin – Vladimir Nabokov
Beloved – Toni Morrison
Moby Dick – Herman Melville
Spoon River Anthology – E.L. Masters
The Bean Trees – Barbara Kingsolver
The Ambassadors – Henry James
The Scarlet Letter – Nathaniel Hawthorne
The Great Gatsby – F. Scott Fitzgerald
Invisible Man – Ralph Ellison
Libra – Don DeLillo
The Red Badge of Courage – Stephen Crane
Naked Lunch – William S.Burroughs
The Good Earth – Pearl S. Buck
Fahrenheit 451 – Ray Bradbury
Sign up to our Newsletter
Email Address
Tweet
Pin It
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy was last modified on November 27th, 2016.
ReadLit.com (also ReadLiterature.com, TalkLiterature.com, ReadLitMore.com and vi-Read.com), the website and online service of ReadLit (“ReadLit,” “ReadLiterature,” “we” or “us”), knows that you care how information about you is used and shared. This Privacy Policy explains what information of yours will be collected by ReadLit when you use ReadLit.com (the “site”) and related services (the “Service”), how the information will be used, and how you can control the collection, correction and/or deletion of information. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect
User-Provided Information: You provide us information about yourself, such as your name and e-mail address, when you register with the Service. If you correspond with us by e-mail, we may retain the content of your e-mail messages, your e-mail address and our responses. In addition, you may choose to add information about yourself to your profile that you can then share with friends. You can modify, delete, and set your privacy setting for this information any time in the My Account section of the site after you have signed in using your personal password.
Cookies Information: When you visit ReadLit.com, we may send one or more cookies – a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters – to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser and lets ReadLit help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the site. A cookie does not collect personal information about you. ReadLit uses both session cookies and persistent cookies. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive after you close your browser. Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the site. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser’s directions. A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some features of the Service may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled.
Log File Information: Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you access a web page. When you register with or view our site, our servers automatically record certain information that your web browser sends whenever you visit any website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information.
Clear Gifs Information: When you use the Service, we may employ clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons) which are used to track the online usage patterns of our users anonymously. No personally identifiable information from your ReadLit account is collected using these clear gifs. In addition, we may also use clear gifs in HTML-based e-mails sent to our users to track which e-mails are opened by recipients. The information is used to enable more accurate reporting, improve the effectiveness of our marketing, and make ReadLit better for our users.
How We Use Your Information
We use the personal information you submit to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service. ReadLit never discloses your personal information to any third party unless you have instructed us to do so.
Any personal information or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to the Service (for instance, in User Content you post) becomes available to the public via the Service and our business partners. User Content includes, but is not limited to, reviews, comments, and trivia questions. If you remove User Content, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if other users have copied or stored your User Content.
ReadLit takes reasonable measures to keep messages that you send to other Members through the Service private between you and the recipient. However, even if you have deleted the message from your ReadLit inbox or outbox, copies of the message may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if other users have copied or stored the message.
By providing ReadLit your e-mail address you consent to our using the e-mail address to send you Service-related notices, including any notices required by law, in lieu of communication by postal mail. We may also use your e-mail address to send you other messages, such as newsletters, changes to features of the Service, or special offers. If you do not want to receive such e-mail messages, you may opt out by changing your settings on the My Account page. Opting out may prevent you from receiving e-mail messages regarding updates, improvements, or offers. You may not opt out of Service-related e-mails.
Your name and, depending on privacy settings, e-mail address, are used when you invite another person to join ReadLit, or when you request to add another member to your friends list.
ReadLit may use certain information about you and/or your User Content without identifying you as an individual to third parties. We do this for purposes such as analyzing how the Service is used, diagnosing service or technical problems, maintaining security, and personalizing advertisements and promotions.
ReadLit may develop special sites in cooperation with other companies. If you register at these “co-branded” sites, we may share your registration information (such as name and e-mail address) with that company.
ReadLit reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor the User Content you post on the site. ReadLit has the right to remove any such information or material for any reason or no reason, including without limitation, if in its sole opinion, such information or material violates, or may violate, any applicable law or our Terms of Use Agreement or to protect or defend its rights or property or those of any third party. ReadLit also reserves the right to remove information upon the request of any third party.
We use cookies, clear gifs, and log file information to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information; (c) monitor the effectiveness of our service; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors and traffic; (e) diagnose or fix technology problems reported by our users or engineers that are associated with the IP addresses controlled by a specific web company or ISP; and (f) help you efficiently access your information after you sign in.
How We Share Your Information
Personally Identifiable Information: ReadLit will not rent or sell your personally identifiable information to others. ReadLit may share your personally identifiable information with third parties solely for the purpose of providing services to you. If we do this, such third parties’ use of your information will be bound by this Privacy Policy. We may store personal information in locations outside the direct control of ReadLit (for instance, on servers or databases co-located with hosting providers).
As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets or business offerings. Customer, e-mail, and visitor information is generally one of the transferred business assets in these types of transactions. We may also transfer such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, or dissolution.
Except as otherwise described in this privacy statement, ReadLit will not disclose personal information to any third party unless required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the law, comply with legal process served on us or our affiliates, or investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities; (b) to enforce our  , take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations, to assist government enforcement agencies, or to protect the security or integrity of our site; and (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of ReadLit, our users or others.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information: We may share non-personally identifiable information (such as anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) with interested third parties to help them understand the usage patterns for certain ReadLit services.
ReadLit allows other companies, called third-party ad servers or ad networks, to serve advertisements on the ReadLit site. These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send, directly to your browser, the advertisements and links that appear on ReadLit. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. They may also use other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content.
ReadLit does not provide any personally identifiable information to these third-party ad servers or ad networks without your consent. However, please note that if an advertiser asks ReadLit to show an advertisement to a certain audience and you respond to that advertisement, the advertiser or ad-server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers or ad networks. The ReadLit privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such advertisers.
How We Protect Your Information
ReadLit uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to ReadLit and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission of information, ReadLit makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of our systems. However, please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.
To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting you access to your account. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information, and for controlling access to your e-mail communications from ReadLit, at all times.
Compromise of Personal Information
In the event that ReadLit becomes aware of any breach of security that has compromised personal information, ReadLit will promptly notify those persons whose personal information has been compromised, in accordance with the notification procedures set forth in this Privacy Policy, or as otherwise required by applicable law.
Your Choices About Your Information
ReadLit website may offers tools that allow members to post personal information, to have personal preferences and settings. Where such utilities are offered, you will have the ability to access or change your personal information, preferences and settings at any time once you have signed in with your personal password. You may, of course, decline to submit personally identifiable information through ReadLit, in which case ReadLit may not be able to provide certain services to you.
Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. For that reason, ReadLit does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register. If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address. No one under age 13 is allowed to provide any personal information to or on ReadLit. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact our legal department.
Links to Other Web Sites
We are not responsible for the practices employed by Web sites linked to or from our Web site nor the information or content contained therein. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Web site to another Web site, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other Web site, including those that have a link on our Web site, is subject to that Web site’s own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.
Notification Procedures
It is our policy to provide notifications, whether such notifications are required by law or are for marketing or other business related purposes, to you via e-mail notice, written or hard copy notice, or through conspicuous posting of such notice on our Website page, as determined by ReadLit in its sole discretion. We reserve the right to determine the form and means of providing notifications to you, provided that you may opt out of certain means of notification as described in this Privacy Policy.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on our website to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, please contact our legal department.
DAILY AMAZON.COM DEALS
Latest Book Reviews
Season of Migration to the North – Tayeb Salih
An Ottoman Traveller, Evliya Çelebi – Dankoff & Kim, trans. ed.
Books on the Making of the Modern Middle East – Rogan, McMeekin, Hardy, Wheatcroft
Dombey and Son – Charles Dickens
The Cornish Trilogy – Robertson Davies
KeywordsBarbara Kingsolver
Book Cafe
book reviews
Books Recommended by Children
bookstore
Books Worth Reading
Brasserie
Brian Moore
Café
Charles Dickens
Children's Literature
Children ReadLiterature
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Rodrick Rules
Don't Miss
Featured
Franz Kafka
Fyodor Dostoyevsky
Graham Greene
Henry James
Istanbul
Jean Baptiste Molière
John Steinbeck
Joseph Conrad
Jules Verne
Kitap Tavsiyeleri
Latest
Margaret Atwood
Michael Ondaatje
Nasreddin Hodja
Philip Roth
Question
Robertson Davies
Saftirik Greg
Slider
Spotlight
Thomas Mann
vi-Read
vi-ReadLiterature
Video
Video Reviews
VideoReviews
Virgil
Vladimir Nabokov
Wordsmiths
Çocuklardan Kitap Tavsiyeleri
Talk LiteratureThey were countedChina updateReligion in LiteratureOctavia ButlerLiterary prizeSearch
Search for:
Contact us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2020 Read Literature, All Rights Reserved.