http://readlit.com/terms-of-use/
About ReadLit
Sign Up
Sign In
Page NavigationAbout ReadLitSign UpSign In
We love books
Book Reviews
Browse book reviews
Add a book review
vi-Read
Watch review videos
Add a review video
Cafe Reviews
Browse cafe reviews
Add a cafe review
Play
100-word challenge
Literary Quizzes
Puzzle
Literary Colours
Musings
Browse musings
Share your musings
Talk Literature
Category NavigationBook Reviews     Browse book reviews     Add a book reviewvi-Read     Watch review videos     Add a review videoCafe Reviews     Browse cafe reviews     Add a cafe reviewPlay     100-word challenge     Literary Quizzes     PuzzleLiterary ColoursMusings     Browse musings     Share your musingsTalk Literature
Don't Miss
An Ottoman Traveller, Evliya Çelebi – Dankoff & Kim, trans. ed.
Books on the Making of the Modern Middle East – Rogan, McMeekin, Hardy, Wheatcroft
Dombey and Son – Charles Dickens
The Map and the Territory – Michel Houellebecq
The Nigger of the Narcissus – Joseph Conrad
Number Zero – Umberto Eco
Baltasar and Blimunda – José Saramago
The Baphomet – Pierre Klossowski
419 – Will Ferguson
Ferdydurke – Witold Gombrowicz
Absalom, Absalom! – William Faulkner
Catcher in the Rye – J.D.Salinger
The Crying of Lot 49 – Thomas Pynchon
Gravity’s Rainbow – Thomas Pynchon
The Bell Jar – Sylvia Plath
Lolita – Vladimir Nabokov
Pnin – Vladimir Nabokov
Beloved – Toni Morrison
Moby Dick – Herman Melville
Spoon River Anthology – E.L. Masters
The Bean Trees – Barbara Kingsolver
The Ambassadors – Henry James
The Scarlet Letter – Nathaniel Hawthorne
The Great Gatsby – F. Scott Fitzgerald
Invisible Man – Ralph Ellison
Libra – Don DeLillo
The Red Badge of Courage – Stephen Crane
Naked Lunch – William S.Burroughs
The Good Earth – Pearl S. Buck
Fahrenheit 451 – Ray Bradbury
Sign up to our Newsletter
Email Address
Tweet
Pin It
Terms of Use
This Agreement was last revised on November 27th, 2016.
Welcome to ReadLit.com (also ReadLiterature.com, TalkLiterature.com, ReadLitMore.com and vi-Read.com), the website and online service of ReadLit (“ReadLit,” “ReadLiterature,” “we” or “us”). This page explains the terms by which you may use our service. By accessing or using the ReadLit services, website and software provided through or in connection with the service (“Service”), you signify that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by this Terms of Use Agreement (“Agreement”), whether or not you are a registered user of our Service.  We reserve the right to amend this Agreement at any time and without notice. If we do this, we will post the amended Agreement on this page and indicate at the top of the page the date the Agreement was last revised. Your continued use of the Service after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms of Use. If you do not agree to any of these terms or any future Terms of Use, do not use or access (or continue to access) the Service. This Agreement applies to all visitors, users, and others who access the Service (“Users”).
Use of Our Service
ReadLit provides a place for you to discover, track, share and talk about books and book-related news, artwork, images and videos with a community of other interested members. ReadLit also allows you to play book-related games and test your literary knowledge with a variety of quizzes and trivias. ReadLit may, from time to time sell merchandise, hold competitions or distribute prizes. You do not have to register in order to visit ReadLit. To access certain features of the Service, though, posting book reviews, images and videos, and commenting on other members’ reviews, you will need to register with ReadLit and create a “Member” account. Your account gives you access to the services and functionality that we may establish and maintain from time to time and in our sole discretion. You may never use another Member’s account without permission. When creating your account, you must provide accurate and complete information. You are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on your account, and you must keep your account password secure. You must notify ReadLit immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account. Although ReadLit will not be liable for your losses caused by any unauthorized use of your account, you shall be liable for the losses of ReadLit or others due to such unauthorized use. You may change the settings on your Account Settings page to control your Member Profile and how other members communicate with you. By providing ReadLit your e-mail address you consent to our using the e-mail address to send you Service-related notices, including any notices required by law, in lieu of communication by postal mail. You may not opt out of Service-related e-mails. We may also use your e-mail address to send you other messages, including changes to features of the Service and special offers. If you do not want to receive such e-mail messages, you may opt out by changing the preferences in your account settings. Opting out will prevent you from receiving e-mail messages regarding updates, improvements, or offers. Subject to the terms and conditions of this agreement, ReadLit grants you permission to use the Service for your personal, non-commercial purposes only. You agree not to engage in any of the following prohibited activities: (i) copying, distributing, or disclosing any part of the Service in any medium, including without limitation by any automated or non-automated “scraping”; (ii) using any automated system, including without limitation “robots,” “spiders,” “offline readers,” etc., to access the Service in a manner that sends more request messages to the ReadLit servers than a human can reasonably produce in the same period of time by using a conventional on-line web browser; (iii) attempting to interfere with, compromise the system integrity or security or decipher any transmissions to or from the servers running the Service; (iv) taking any action that imposes, or may impose at our sole discretion an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; (v) uploading invalid data, viruses, worms, or other software agents through the Service; (vi) collecting or harvesting any personally identifiable information, including account names and e-mail addresses, from the Service; (vii) using the Service for any commercial solicitation purposes; (viii) using any information obtained from the Service in order to harass, abuse, or harm another person, or in order to contact, advertise to, solicit, or sell to any Member without their prior explicit consent, (ix) impersonating another person or otherwise misrepresenting your affiliation with a person or entity, conducting fraud, hiding or attempting to hide your identity; (x) interfering with the proper working of the Service; or, (xi) bypassing the measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Service. In order to protect our Members from unsolicited advertising or solicitation, ReadLit reserves the right to restrict the number of communications which a Member may send to other Members in any 24-hour period to a number that ReadLit deems appropriate in its sole discretion. ReadLit may permanently or temporarily terminate, suspend, or otherwise refuse to permit your access to the Service without notice and liability for any reason, including if in ReadLit’s sole determination you violate any provision of this Agreement, or for no reason. Upon termination for any reason or no reason, you continue to be bound by this Agreement.  The Service is subject to scheduled and unscheduled service interruptions. All aspects of the Service are subject to change or elimination at ReadLit’s sole discretion. ReadLit reserves the right to interrupt the Service with or without prior notice for any reason or no reason. You agree that ReadLit will not be liable to you for any interruption of the Service, delay or failure to perform.  You are solely responsible for your interactions with other ReadLit Users. We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to monitor disputes between you and other Users. ReadLit shall have no liability for your interactions with other Users, or for any User’s action or inaction.
User Content
Some areas of the Service may allow Users to post reviews, comments, questions, and other information (“User Content”). You are solely responsible for your User Content that you upload, publish, display, link to or otherwise make available (hereinafter, “post”) on the Service, and you agree that we are only acting as a passive conduit for your online distribution and publication of your User Content. You agree not to post User Content that: (i) may create a risk of harm, loss, physical or mental injury, emotional distress, death, disability, disfigurement, or physical or mental illness to you, to any other person, or to any animal; (ii) may create a risk of any other loss or damage to any person or property; (iii) seeks to harm or exploit children by exposing them to inappropriate content, asking for personally identifiable details or otherwise; (iv) may constitute or contribute to a crime or tort; (v) contains any information or content that we deem to be unlawful, harmful, abusive, racially or ethnically offensive, defamatory, infringing, invasive of personal privacy or publicity rights, harassing, humiliating to other people (publicly or otherwise), libelous, threatening, profane, or otherwise objectionable; (vi) contains any information or content that is illegal (including, without limitation, the disclosure of insider information under securities law or of another party’s trade secrets); or (vii) contains any information or content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships; or (viii) contains any information or content that you know is not correct and current. You agree that any User Content that you post does not and will not violate third-party rights of any kind, including without limitation any Intellectual Property Rights (as defined below), rights of publicity and privacy. To the extent that your User Content contains music, you hereby represent that you are the owner of all the copyright rights, including without limitation the performance, mechanical, and sound recordings rights, with respect to each and every musical composition (including lyrics) and sound recording contained in such User Content and have the power to grant the license granted below. ReadLit reserves the right, but is not obligated, to reject and/or remove any User Content that ReadLit believes, in its sole discretion, violates these provisions. You understand that publishing your User Content on the Service is not a substitute for registering it with the applicable Canadian and international copyright organizations or other rights organizations. For the purposes of this Agreement, “Intellectual Property Rights” means all patent rights, copyright rights, mask work rights, moral rights, rights of publicity, trademark, trade dress and service mark rights, goodwill, trade secret rights and other intellectual property rights as may now exist or hereafter come into existence, and all applications therefore and registrations, renewals and extensions thereof, under the laws of any province, state, country, territory or other jurisdiction. ReadLit takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any User Content that you or any other Users or third parties post or send over the Service. You understand and agree that any loss or damage of any kind that occurs as a result of the use of any User Content that you send, upload, download, stream, post, transmit, display, or otherwise make available or access through your use of the Service, is solely your responsibility. ReadLit is not responsible for any public display or misuse of your User Content. You understand and acknowledge that you may be exposed to User Content that is inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable, and you agree that ReadLit shall not be liable for any damages you allege to incur as a result of such User Content. ReadLit may provide tools for you to remove some User Content, but does not guarantee that all or any User Content will be removable.
License Grant
By posting any User Content on the Service, you expressly grant, and you represent and warrant that you have a right to grant, to ReadLit a royalty-free, sublicensable, transferable, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide license to use, reproduce, modify, publish, list information regarding, edit, translate, distribute, publicly perform, publicly display, and make derivative works of all such User Content and your name, voice, and/or likeness as contained in your User Content, in whole or in part, and in any form, media or technology, whether now known or hereafter developed, and to grant and authorize sublicenses of the foregoing for any purpose at the sole discretion of ReadLit.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you are hereby granted a non-exclusive, limited, personal license to use the Service. ReadLit reserves all rights not expressly granted herein in the Service and the ReadLit Content (as defined below). ReadLit may terminate this license at any time for any reason or no reason.
Our Proprietary Rights
Except for your User Content, the Service and all materials therein or transferred thereby, including, without limitation, software, images, text, graphics, illustrations, logos, patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, photographs, audio, videos, music, and User Content (the “ReadLit Content”), and all Intellectual Property Rights related thereto, are the exclusive property of ReadLit and its licensors. Except as explicitly provided herein, nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to create a license in or under any such Intellectual Property Rights, and you agree not to sell, license, rent, modify, distribute, copy, reproduce, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, publish, adapt, edit or create derivative works from any materials or content accessible on the Service. Use of the ReadLit Content or materials on the Service for any purpose not expressly permitted by this Agreement is strictly prohibited.  You may choose to or we may invite you to submit comments or ideas about the Service, including without limitation about how to improve the Service or our products (“Ideas”). By submitting any Idea, you agree that your disclosure is gratuitous, unsolicited and without restriction and will not place ReadLit under any fiduciary or other obligation, and that we are free to use the Idea without any additional compensation to you, and/or to disclose the Idea on a non-confidential basis or otherwise to anyone. You further acknowledge that, by acceptance of your submission, ReadLit does not waive any rights to use similar or related ideas previously known to ReadLit, or developed by its employees, or obtained from sources other than you.
Eligibility
This Service is intended solely for Users who are thirteen (13) years of age or older, and any registration, use or access to the Service by anyone under 13 is unauthorized, unlicensed, and in violation of this Agreement. If you are under 18 years of age you may use the Service only if you either are an emancipated minor or possess legal parental or guardian consent, and are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in this Agreement, and to abide by and comply with this Agreement.
Paid Services
A Billing Policies. Certain aspects of the ReadLit Service may be provided for a fee or other charge. These fees and charges, if any, are described on the Site, and in the event you elect to use paid aspects of the ReadLit Service, you agree to the pricing, payment and billing policies applicable to such fees and charges, posted at the website. ReadLit may add new services for additional fees and charges, or amend fees and charges for existing services, at any time in its sole discretion.
B No Refunds. You may cancel your ReadLit Account at any time; however, there are no refunds for cancellation. As permitted under the terms of this Agreement, ReadLit has the right at any time for any reason or no reason to suspend or terminate your Account, terminate this Agreement, and/or refuse any and all current or future use of the Service without notice, refund, obligation, or liability to you. In the event that ReadLit suspends or terminates your ReadLit Account or this Agreement, you understand and agree that you shall receive no refund or exchange for any unused time on a subscription, any license or subscription fees for any portion of the ReadLit Service, any content or data associated with your ReadLit Account, or for anything else. You acknowledge that ReadLit has the perpetual and irrevocable right to delete any or all of your content and data from ReadLit’s servers and from the ReadLit Service, whether intentionally or unintentionally, and for any reason or no reason, without any liability of any kind to you or any other party.
Privacy
We care about the privacy of our Users. Please consult our privacy policy. By using the Service, you are consenting to have your personal data transferred to and processed in Canada.
Security
We have implemented commercially reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. You acknowledge that you provide your personal information at your own risk.
Copyright Complaints
Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide ReadLit with the written information specified below. Please note that this procedure is exclusively for notifying ReadLit and its affiliates that your copyrighted material has been infringed upon.
An electronic or physical signature of the person who is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;
A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed upon;
A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the site;
Your address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
A statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by either the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.
ReadLit’s Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement on its site can be contacted by writing to this address:
ReadLit Copyright Agent
PO Box 62020 Convent Glen
Orleans, ON
K1C 2S0
Canada
In accordance with applicable Canadian and international laws, ReadLit has adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances and at ReadLit’s sole discretion, members who are deemed to be repeat infringers. ReadLit may also at its sole discretion limit access to the Service and/or terminate the accounts of any Users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement.
Additional Representations and Warranties
You shall be solely responsible for your own User Content and the consequences of posting or publishing it. In connection with User Content, you affirm, represent and warrant, in addition to the other representations and warranties in this Agreement, the following:
a. You are at least 13 years of age, or if you are under 18 years of age you are either an emancipated minor, or possess legal parental or guardian consent, and are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in this Agreement, and to abide by and comply with this Agreement.
b. You have the written consent of each and every identifiable natural person in the User Content to use such person’s name or likeness in the manner contemplated by the Service and this Agreement, and each such person has released you from any liability that may arise in relation to such use.
c. Your User Content and ReadLit’s use thereof as contemplated by this Agreement and the Service will not infringe any rights of any third party, including but not limited to any Intellectual Property Rights, privacy rights and rights of publicity.
d. ReadLit may exercise the rights to your User Content granted under this Agreement without liability for payment of any guild fees, residuals, payments, fees, or royalties payable under any collective bargaining agreement or otherwise.
Third-Party Websites, Advertisers or Services
ReadLit may contain links to third-party websites, advertisers, or services that are not owned or controlled by ReadLit. ReadLit has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party websites or services. If you access a third party website from ReadLit, you do so at your own risk, and you understand that this Agreement and ReadLit’s Privacy Policy do not apply to your use of such sites. You expressly relieve ReadLit from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website or services or third party owned content. Additionally, your dealings with or participation in promotions of advertisers found on ReadLit, including payment and delivery of goods, and any other terms (such as warranties) are solely between you and such advertisers. You agree that ReadLit shall not be responsible for any loss or damage of any sort relating to your dealings with such advertisers. We encourage you to be aware of when you leave the Service, and to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of any third-party website or service that you visit.
Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless ReadLit and its subsidiaries, agents, managers, and other affiliated companies, and their employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney’s fees) arising from: (i) your use of and access to the Service, including any data or content transmitted or received by you; (ii) your violation of any term of this Agreement, including without limitation your breach of any of the representations and warranties above; (iii) your violation of any third-party right, including without limitation any right of privacy, publicity rights or Intellectual Property Rights; (iv) your violation of any law, rule or regulation of Canada or any other country; (v) any claim or damages that arise as a result of any of your User Content or any that are submitted via your account; or (vi) any other party’s access and use of the Service with your unique username, password or other appropriate security code.
No Warranty
THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, READLIT, ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AND ITS LICENSORS DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE CONTENT IS ACCURATE, RELIABLE OR CORRECT; THAT THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; THAT THE SERVICE WILL BE AVAILABLE AT ANY PARTICULAR TIME OR LOCATION, UNINTERRUPTED OR SECURE; THAT ANY DEFECTS OR ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED; OR THAT THE SERVICE IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. ANY CONTENT DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE IS DOWNLOADED AT YOUR OWN RISK AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM SUCH DOWNLOAD.  READLIT DOES NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY THROUGH THE READLIT SERVICE OR ANY HYPERLINKED WEBSITE OR SERVICE, OR FEATURED IN ANY BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING, AND READLIT WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY MONITOR ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES.
Limitation of Liability
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL READLIT, ITS AFFILIATES, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES OR ITS LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THIS SERVICE. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL READLIT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE, LOSS OR INJURY RESULTING FROM HACKING, TAMPERING OR OTHER UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OR USE OF THE SERVICE OR YOUR ACCOUNT OR THE INFORMATION CONTAINED THEREIN.  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, READLIT ASSUMES NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT; (II) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF OUR SERVICE; (III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN; (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE SERVICE; (V) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE THAT MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH OUR SERVICE BY ANY THIRD PARTY; (VI) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, E-MAILED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICE; (VII) USER CONTENT OR THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY; AND/OR (VIII) ANY AND ALL LIABILITY ARISING FROM THE USE OF OR LINKING TO ANY THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES, THIRD-PARTY ADVERTISERS, THIRD-PARTY SERVICES, OR THIRD-PARTY-OWNED CONTENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL READLIT, ITS AFFILIATES, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY CLAIMS, PROCEEDINGS, LIABILITIES, OBLIGATIONS, DAMAGES, LOSSES OR COSTS IN AN AMOUNT EXCEEDING THE AMOUNT YOU PAID TO READLIT HEREUNDER. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SECTION APPLIES WHETHER THE ALLEGED LIABILITY IS BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR ANY OTHER BASIS, EVEN IF READLIT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW IN THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION. The Service is controlled and operated from its facilities in Canada. ReadLit makes no representations that the Service is appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who access or use the Service from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and are entirely responsible for compliance with local law, including but not limited to export and import regulations. Unless otherwise explicitly stated, all materials found on the Service are solely directed to individuals, companies, or other entities located in Canada.
Assignment
This Agreement, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by ReadLit without restriction.
General
A. Governing Law. You agree that: (i) the Service shall be deemed solely based in Ontario; and (ii) the Service shall be deemed a passive one that does not give rise to personal jurisdiction over ReadLit, either specific or general, in jurisdictions other than Ontario. This Agreement shall be governed by the internal substantive laws of the Province of Ontario, without respect to its conflict of laws principles. Any claim or dispute between you and ReadLit that arises in whole or in part from the Service shall be decided exclusively by a court of competent jurisdiction located in the City of Ottawa, in the Province of Ontario, unless submitted to arbitration as set forth in the following paragraph.
B. Arbitration. For any claim (excluding claims for injunctive or other equitable relief) under this Agreement where the total amount of the award sought is less than $10,000, the party requesting relief may elect to resolve the dispute through binding non-appearance-based arbitration. The party electing such arbitration shall initiate the arbitration through an established alternative dispute resolution (“ADR”) provider mutually agreed upon by the parties. The ADR provider and the parties must comply with the following rules: a) the arbitration shall be conducted by telephone, online and/or be solely based on written submissions, as selected by the party initiating the arbitration; b) the arbitration shall not involve any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses unless otherwise mutually agreed by the parties; and c) any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Applicable Law and Disputes
(Not applicable to Quebec consumers) Any dispute or claim relating in any way to your use of any ReadLit Service, or to any products or services sold or distributed by ReadLit or through ReadLit Services will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that you may assert claims in small claims court if your claims qualify. The Ontario Arbitration Act and Ontario arbitration law apply to this agreement.
There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited. However, an arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court (including injunctive and declaratory relief or statutory damages), and must follow the terms of these Conditions of Use as a court would.
To begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to our law department:
ReadLit Law Department
PO Box 62020 Convent Glen
Orleans, ON
K1C 2S0
Canada
The arbitration will be conducted by the Canadian Arbitration Association (CAA) under its rules. The CAA’s rules are available at www.canadianarbitrationassociation.ca or by calling 1-800-856-5154. Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the CAA’s rules. You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submissions, or in person in the county where you live or at another mutually agreed location.
We each agree that any dispute resolution proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated or representative action. If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration we each waive any right to a jury trial. We also both agree that you or we may bring suit in court to enjoin infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights.
(Not applicable to Quebec consumers) By using any ReadLit Service, you agree the Ontario Arbitration Act, applicable Canada federal law, and applicable laws of the Province of Ontario, Canada, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and ReadLit.
For Quebec consumers: These Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and ReadLit shall be governed by the laws of the Province of Quebec, without reference to its conflict of laws provisions, and the laws of Canada applicable therein, and any disputes will be submitted to the courts of competent jurisdiction of the District of Montreal, in the Province of Quebec.
A. Notification Procedures. ReadLit may provide notifications, whether such notifications are required by law or are for marketing or other business related purposes, to you via e-mail notice, written or hard copy notice, or through conspicuous posting of such notice on our website, as determined by ReadLit in our sole discretion. ReadLit reserves the right to determine the form and means of providing notifications to our Users, provided that you may opt out of certain means of notification as described in this Agreement.
B. Entire Agreement/Severability. This Agreement, together with any other terms you agree to in connection with your use of the Service, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and ReadLit concerning the Service. If any provision of this Agreement is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect.
C. No Waiver. No waiver of any term of this Agreement shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and ReadLit’s failure to assert any right or provision under this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
Please contact our legal department with any questions regarding this Agreement.
DAILY AMAZON.COM DEALS
Latest Book Reviews
Season of Migration to the North – Tayeb Salih
An Ottoman Traveller, Evliya Çelebi – Dankoff & Kim, trans. ed.
Books on the Making of the Modern Middle East – Rogan, McMeekin, Hardy, Wheatcroft
Dombey and Son – Charles Dickens
The Cornish Trilogy – Robertson Davies
KeywordsBarbara Kingsolver
Book Cafe
book reviews
Books Recommended by Children
bookstore
Books Worth Reading
Brasserie
Brian Moore
Café
Charles Dickens
Children's Literature
Children ReadLiterature
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Rodrick Rules
Don't Miss
Featured
Franz Kafka
Fyodor Dostoyevsky
Graham Greene
Henry James
Istanbul
Jean Baptiste Molière
John Steinbeck
Joseph Conrad
Jules Verne
Kitap Tavsiyeleri
Latest
Margaret Atwood
Michael Ondaatje
Nasreddin Hodja
Philip Roth
Question
Robertson Davies
Saftirik Greg
Slider
Spotlight
Thomas Mann
vi-Read
vi-ReadLiterature
Video
Video Reviews
VideoReviews
Virgil
Vladimir Nabokov
Wordsmiths
Çocuklardan Kitap Tavsiyeleri
Talk LiteratureThey were countedChina updateReligion in LiteratureOctavia ButlerLiterary prizeSearch
Search for:
Contact us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2020 Read Literature, All Rights Reserved.