https://richhurleymagic.com/rhm/pages/privacy_center
Toggle navigation
Login
Login
Cart
Cart
Contact Us
Search
OPUS DX Privacy Center
Introduction
The goal of the Digitell, Inc. (“Digitell”) OPUS DX privacy center is to educate all potential users of the site on how their personal data will be collected and processed and help users to understand their rights as it relates to their personal data.
Additionally, it is important for users of the OPUS DX platform
to understand the relationship between Digitell and Richard Hurley Magic as it relates to the creation of this site, and how user data is processed and handled.
This summary sets out the key points about how Digitell handles personal information collected through the OPUS DX platform.
More information can be found in the main Digitell Privacy Policy.
What is OPUS DX?
OPUS DX is a software platform that was created by Digitell.
The platform is licensed by organizations (clients) looking to provide an online educational portal to meet their users needs.
If you are reading this, you are currently on an instance of the OPUS DX platform.
Who is Digitell, Inc.?
Digitell is a services company that services associations and organizations with recording content, live streaming content, webinars, evaluations and accreditation, distribution of on demand content, self-paced educational course, and other digital content needs.
Digitell created the OPUS DX platform to provide an online portal that meets our clients needs in the above mentioned areas and more.
What is Digitell, Inc’s relationship with Richard Hurley Magic?
Richard Hurley Magic has licensed the Digitell OPUS DX platform to provide their users an online digital experience portal. Richard Hurley Magic is the data controller as it relates to all user data captured and processed on this site.
Digitell is the data processor of the user data.
Digitell will only process user data in relation to the Digitell, Inc Privacy Policy and in accordance with how Richard Hurley Magic requests data be processed under contractual agreement with Digitell and the Richard Hurley Magic.
What information does the OPUS DX platform collect about me?
Each client’s instance of the OPUS DX platform is slightly different depending on the needs of the client.
However, below is standard information that is captured.
Account Creation fields that are required
First Name
Last Name
Email
Password * * If an instance of OPUS DX is using a single sign on integration with the client’s membership database then Digitell does not store the users’ password.
Extended Profile Data
Some instances of OPUS DX are configured to require additional Profile data that may include:
Prefix
Suffix
Credentials
Job Title
Employer
Phone
Address
City
State
Country
Zip Code
If a site does not require extended profile data during account creation, such data may be gathered in the following ways.
If the site is utilizing a single sign on integration with the client’s existing user management platform, ie; AMS, LMS, etc., additional user profile data may be extracted from the single sign on integration and populate the profile data fields on the OPUS DX site.
If a user registers for an event on the OPUS DX site certain registration fields filled out during registration may populate profile data fields.
For instance, selecting your country during event registration may populate your account profiles country field.
Under the “My Account” area of the OPUS DX platform you can choose to enter extended profile data at any time.
Evaluation and Survey Data
The OPUS DX platform allows clients to create Evaluations, Surveys and Tests associated with educational content, and events that users participate in while they use the site.
Many times, taking an
evaluation, survey or test is a requirement to receive accreditation for an activity.
Data from forms submitted by users is saved into the OPUS DX database and linked to the users main account.
Registration Information
The OPUS DX platform allows clients to create event pages that require registration.
The event page could be used to register users for a physical event, or an online event such as a webinar or hybrid live stream.
The registration data entered during registration is entered into the OPUS DX database and linked to the users main account.
How does Digitell use the information about me?
The data collected when a person uses an OPUS DX site is used to facilitate the services and functionality of the site.
This may include but is not limited to
Viewing Educational Content
Participating in an online event such as a webinar or live stream
Interacting with other users via Discussion forums
Obtaining Continuing Education credit
Does Digitell share my data with Third Parties?
Digitell will only share user data with third parties if the sharing of data is necessary for the functionality of the service provided.
For example, if a user registers to attend a webinar via the OPUS DX platform, and the webinar is hosted on a third party’s webinar platform user data such as Name and Email may be passed to the third party through an integration.
How can I update my personal information?
A user can update most of their personal information via their My Account area of the site.
In the case where personal information is not editable under the My Account area please contact support@digitellinc.com.
Data Portability
Digitell will provide your personal data in a machine-readable format upon request.
Please send a request to support@digitellinc.com.
Account Closure and Data Deletion
Digitell keeps your personal data only as long as necessary to provide you with the services offered on https://richhurleymagic.com/rhm/ and for legitimate and essential business purposes, complying with legal obligations, and resolving disputes.
If you request, Digitell
will delete or anonymize your personal data so that it no longer identifies you, unless, Digitell is legally allowed or required to maintain certain personal data, including situations such as the following:
If there is an unresolved issue relating to your account, such as an outstanding credit on your account or an unresolved claim or dispute Digitell will retain the necessary personal data until the issue is resolved;
Where Digitell is required to retain personal data for legal, tax, audit, and accounting obligations, Digitell will retain the necessary personal data for the period required by applicable law; and/or,
Where necessary for Digitell’s legitimate business interests such as fraud prevention or to maintain the security of users.
Digitell, Inc. Privacy Policy
Digitell, Inc. Terms and Conditions
© 2020 Digitell, Inc. and Richard Hurley Magic. All Rights Reserved
Privacy Center
×
Shopping Cart
Item
Price
Remove
Checkout