https://rickykalmon.com/privacy-policy-2/
TERMS AND CONDITIONS/PRIVACY/DISCLAIMER STATEMENT
Go To Homepage Read Testimonials Contact Ricky Kalmon
TERMS AND CONDITIONS/PRIVACY/DISCLAIMER STATEMENT
for Kalmon Productions, LLC, Ricky Kalmon, RickyKalmon.com – Website, Mobile Application, Audio Programs, Video Programs and Content.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE, MOBILE APPLICATION, AUDIO PROGRAMS AND CONTENT.
By using this site, mobile application, audio programs and content you signify your assent to these Terms and Conditions.
The terms and conditions set forth below (“Terms of Use” or “Terms”), as well as the privacy policy set forth at https://rickykalmon.com/privacy-policy/, apply to your use of the services and functionality provided on or through the Kalmon Productions, LLC website, mobile application, audio programs, and video programs.  If you do not agree to all of these Terms and Conditions of use, do not use (the “Services”).
By accessing and using the Services, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy. If you do not accept these Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy, you are not authorized to use the Services.
Kalmon Productions, LLC, Ricky Kalmon and rickykalmon.com may revise and update these Terms and Conditions at any time. Your continued usage of the rickykalmon.com website, mobile application, audio programs, techniques, or programs will mean you accept those changes.
Contents
The basics of my privacy statement
Who receives my emails
What do we email
Unsubscribing & making changes
Why were you sent an email you do not want?
Spam filtering
IP address
Cookies
Security
Notification of changes
Legal disclaimer
Contacting Kalmon Productions, LLC and Ricky Kalmon
The basics of Kalmon Productions, LLC and Ricky Kalmon privacy statement
Kalmon Productions, LLC and Ricky Kalmon does not share, sell or rent any personal information such as your name and email addresses to outside third parties.
We will not send you unsolicited e-mail. We will only send e-mails to those who request them through my opt-in process.
We honour all removal requests–you may unsubscribe at any time.
Our credit card processing uses a Secure Socket Layer (SSL) server using only the highest standards of 128 bit encryption.
We appreciate you subscribing to my list and using my services. We will not abuse that privilege. Kalmon Productions, LLC and Ricky Kalmon put a high priority on list accuracy and quality content. If we do not meeting your expectations, please email us .
Who receives emails
Only those who subscribe to our services receive emails. Those who subscribe are sent a confirmation email. Kalmon Productions, LLC and Ricky Kalmon will only send requested promotional email and email-based program material to registered visitors and members who have opted-in to my e-mail lists. To ‘opt-in’ means you have entered your first name and email address and state or province and clicked on the ‘submit’ or ‘go’ button. You may opt-in to our services in these locations:
Create an account using our mobile application or website.
On the Motivational Email Signup Page.
If you request information.
If you refer this site to a friend, We never add your friend’s email address to our list. They must visit my web site and opt-in on their own.
What we e-mail
W send the motivational emails, updates and announcements. For maximum control and security, we maintain our e-mail list and distribution system at the highest standards. We will also email you after you have created an account using the mobile application.  We will periodically touch base and send you updates, news and or mindfulness motivational emails.
Unsubscribing & making changes
You may at any time choose to unsubscribe to the Subconscious Makeover newsletter. To unsubscribe, click on the bottom link of your newsletter or send an email to Ricky by clicking here . Your request will be processed immediately. You will be removed from my list and you will not receive future messages from our site.
All email list messages contain the information necessary for removal from their appropriate list.
Why were you sent an email you do not want?
There are a few possibilities:
You have forgotten that you signed up for a service.
We are following up on a service you once requested.
Someone signed you up without your permission.
Spam filtering
If you are using spam filtering software, you can enter the following email address into your filtering software’s “white list” to ensure you continue to receive Kalmon Productions, LLC and Ricky Kalmon email messages: ricky@rickykalmon.com, support@rickykalmon.com or info@rickykalmon.com. We also monitor all spam filters and manually enter any required validation codes.
IP address
We use your IP address, browser type, domain names, and access times, operating system, country of origin, page views, and users sessions (normally available from most computers with the email address) to help diagnose problems with my servers and to administer my Web site.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s computer. This site only uses your computer’s cookie if you are an affiliate of Kalmon Productions, LLC and Ricky Kalmon using the correct affiliate URL and a short term cookie to identify a visitor’s referring information to administer subscription and ordering statistics.
Security
The Kalmon Productions, LLC and Ricky Kalmon web site has credit card security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under my control. Sensitive data, such as credit card information, collected through Kalmon Productions, LLC and Ricky Kalmon’s website is transferred via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) server using only the highest standards of 128 bit encryption. We use a server that has daily maintenance and backup.
Notification of changes
Kalmon Productions, LLC and Ricky Kalmon will occasionally update his Privacy Policy based on users’ feedback. If there are any material changes to how we use your personal information, we will notify you via email and provide you the opportunity to opt-out prior to any substantial change to be taken. However, if you have opted out of all communication from Kalmon Productions, LLC and Ricky Kalmon, you will not be contacted, nor will your personal information be used in this new manner. Kalmon Productions, LLC and Ricky Kalmon encourages you to periodically review his privacy policy to be informed of how he is committed to protecting your privacy.
Legal disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve your privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law or comply with a legal process served on my Web site.
The contents herein are solely the opinions of Kalmon Productions, LLC and Ricky Kalmon and should not be considered as a form of therapy nor advice. There is no guarantee of validity or accuracy. Kalmon Productions, LLC and Ricky Kalmon assume no responsibility for injury. If expert assistance or counselling is needed, services of a competent professional should be sought.
No Medical Advice
The contents of the Kalmon Productions, LLC, Ricky Kalmon and RickyKalmon.com website, audio programs and mobile application, such as audio, video, text, graphics, images, information, and other material contained on the Kalmon Productions, LLC, Ricky Kalmon and rickykalmon.com, and mobile application (“Content”) are for informational purposes only. The Content is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read on the Kalmon Productions, LLC, Ricky Kalmon and RickyKalmon Site!
It is very important that you understand that hypnosis / self-hypnosis / meditation  cannot make you do anything. Your willingness and openness is the element that creates the momentum and direction you desire. This motivational content, program, and these techniques should not be considered a form of medical, psychological, health, or any other kind of therapy. The reader should consult his or her medical, psychological, or health professional before applying any of the concepts of this book. If expert assistance or counseling is needed, services of a competent medical professional should always be sought. Using this program of hypnosis techniques and suggestions is not intended to and should not replace medical treatment. Your physician is familiar with your medical history and able to advise you whether this program is appropriate for you and your needs. Neither the publisher nor the author shall be liable for any physical, psychological, emotional, financial, or commercial damages, including, but not limited to, special, incidental, consequential or other damages. Our view and rights are the same: You are responsible for your own choices, actions, and results. All content is intended for motivational and inspirational use.
The resources that can be accessed through Kalmon Productions, LLC and Ricky Kalmon are maintained by RickyKalmon.com on a without liability basis. Kalmon Productions, LLC and Ricky Kalmon is not responsible for the content of any information made available or acquired from or by third parties, including errors by Kalmon Productions, LLC and Ricky Kalmon in reproducing such information for the Kalmon Productions, LLC and Ricky Kalmon web site.
Kalmon Productions, LLC and Ricky Kalmon (a) does not make any warranty, express or implied, with respect to the use of the information provided or made available; (b) does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, usefulness or adequacy of any information accessed via Kalmon Productions, LLC and Ricky Kalmon; and, (c) is not responsible for any errors or omissions in the information accessed via Kalmon Productions, LLC and Ricky Kalmon or for the results obtained from the use of such information.
Any specific reference by name, trade name, trademark, or otherwise to any party does not necessarily constitute or imply its endorsement of the use of such information by Kalmon Productions, LLC and Ricky Kalmon.
Contacting Kalmon Productions, LLC and Ricky Kalmon
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, please contact us.
Kalmon Productions, LLC and Ricky Kalmon
https://rickykalmon.com
Kalmon Productions, LLC
Altanta, GA
770-442-8820
info@rickykalmon.com
› Contact
›
Site Map
—Home
Motivational Speaker
Corporate Entertainment
Mobile Application
Podcast
Blog
Reviews
Media Resources
Video Gallery
Store
Terms and Privacy Policy
Tweets by @RickyKalmon
MOTIVATE YOUR MINDSET EMAILS
Complete the form below to subscribe to Ricky's free motivational emails!
Email *
First Name *
* Required Fields
Submit
©2019 Kalmon Productions, LLC. All Rights Reserved.