http://rick.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
We know that you care about how your personal information is used and shared. Our goals are to inspire the confidence of the users of our website at www.rick.com (herein the “Website”) This Privacy Policy discloses how we collect, use and share information gathered about you on our Website. Note that many of the services and products on our Website are available for viewing without our collecting any personally identifiable information from you. You can surf the Website and see much of our terrific content anonymously.
Information You Provide
There are some activities on our Website where the collection of personally identifiable information is necessary. When personally identifiable information is collected, you will know because you will have to fill out a form. Personally identifiable information may include contact data, such as your name, address, phone and e-mail address; and demographic data, such as your zip code and age.
Information Collected from You with Technology
We may collect some information about you using technology, so it may not be obvious to you that it is being collected. That information may include your IP address, your domain server, your type of computer, your type of web browser, and statistical information regarding the pages that you visit. We use information collected through technology to make our Website more interesting and useful to you. For example, statistical information can help us track which areas of a Website are more popular, so that we can better customize content to the interests of our users. We will combine information collected using technology with personally identifiable information only to identify a visitor in order to protect our service, the Website, and the users of the Website, when required by law, or when needed to help resolve a technical issue a user may be having while viewing the Website.
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit http://www.networkadvertising.org.
We partner with ad companies to serve ads and/or collect certain information when you visit our website. Said companies may use cookies or web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information during your visit to this website in order to help show advertisements on other websites likely to be more interesting to you. To learn more about this “behavioral advertising” practice or to opt-out of this use of your anonymous information, you can visit http://www.conversantmedia.com/legal/privacy.
What Are Cookies, and How We Use Them?
Cookies are pieces of information that a website sends to your computer while you are viewing that website. These pieces of information allow the website to remember important information that will make your use of that website more useful. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. However, remember that if you turn cookies off when visiting our Website, you may not have access to many features that may make your experience more efficient and some of our services may not function properly.
How do we use the personally identifiable information that has been collected?
We use personally identifiable information in a limited number of ways. We use the information to complete transactions. If you contact us for help we will use the information to contact you. Information we collect is used to send you e-mail updates and newsletters about our Website and the products and services offered on our Website, including, for example, products and services you have accessed or purchased through the Website. We may also use the information you provide to send you e-mail promotions and special offers from us or our third-party sponsors, affiliates and partners. On rare occasions it is necessary to send out a strictly service-related announcement, such as, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance we might send users an email to that effect. Finally, we may use demographic data to customize and tailor your experience on the Website, displaying content that we think you might be interested in.
Do we share information with companies or other organizations not affiliated with us or the Website?
You are one of the most valuable assets of our business. We aren’t in the business of selling information about our users. However, if there is a value for our user, we will share your information or send you messages on behalf of another company as described further below, but only to extent that you have given us permission to do so. We will also share information strictly for security reasons.
Companies That Are “Standing in Our Shoes”
Sometimes we hire companies to help us manage our products or services. In those instances, we need to share your information with them. These companies are basically “standing in our shoes”, and they are allowed to use the information only to perform the services or manage products as we have directed.
Companies Offering Promotions, Products, or Services
On occasion, we may offer promotions – like sweepstakes or free subscriptions – in conjunction with a sponsor. We will share your information with the sponsors if they need it to send you a product, such as a magazine subscription or contest prize. We may share your information with those sponsors so that they can send you other special promotions they offer, but only if you give us your permission to do so, and we will share it only with that specific sponsor. In addition, we may occasionally send e-mail promotions out to you on behalf of third-party sponsors. In this instance, we don’t share your name with the third party – we do the mailing for them. Again, we only send these promotions to you if you’ve given your permission by signing up for our e-mail list.
Content Partners
We may provide a link to content that is created by a third-party partner or affiliate website. For example, we may link to partner or affiliate websites that offer products or services through our Website. In some instances the third-party partner and affiliate websites will collect information in order to facilitate the transaction or to make the use of their content more productive and efficient. In these circumstances the information collected may be shared between us and our third-party partner websites. Third-party partners and affiliates may also have their own privacy policies posted on their websites, which we encourage you to review since email communications and other uses of your information by such third party partners or affiliates will be subject to the terms those privacy policies.
Links to Other Outside Websites
Our Website may also contain links to outside websites with which we do not have affiliation, partnership or other cooperative agreement. We do not share your personal information with those websites and we are not responsible for their privacy practices. We encourage you to learn about the privacy policies of those companies.
Purchase or Sale of Business
Our online business is changing and evolving everyday. As we continually look for ways to improve our business, we may buy or sell a company. If we buy or sell a company, the names collected will likely be transferred as a part of the sale. Information about users will be used in the aggregate. However, if we buy a business, we will honor the requests that users made of that business regarding e-mail communications. In the event that we sell a business, we will do everything in our power to ensure that the e-mail communications requests you made of us are honored.
Organizations That Help Protect the Security and Safety of Our Users and Our Websites
We will give out personal information as required by law, for example, to comply with a court order or subpoena; to enforce our Terms of Use, or similar Website rules; or to protect the safety and security of users and our Website.
What choices do I have about your collecting, using, and sharing my information?
It is possible for you to use our Website without giving us any personally identifiable information. When you do register with us or give us personally identifiable information, you will have an opportunity at the time we collect your information or at anytime thereafter to limit e-mail communications from us and from our third-party partners and affiliates. You can request at any time that we not send future e-mail to you by unsubscribing by using the instructions included in each e-mail communication. Also, as mentioned above, there are ways to limit the information collected through technology – though some of our features won’t work if you decide to do this. For the safety of minors, we request that children under the age of 18 not fill out any personal information on our Websites without first receiving the approval of a parent or guardian. Furthermore, our Website is not intended for children under 13. If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use the Website.
Whom do I contact with questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy?
If you need further assistance, please send an e-mail message with your questions or comments using our feedback form located here.
Will you make changes to this Privacy Policy?
Our business changes constantly. This Privacy Policy may also change as we see the need for updates. Use of the information that we gather now is subject to the terms of the then-current Privacy Policy in effect at time of use. We reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update or modify this Privacy Policy simply by posting such change, update or modification on the Website. Any such change, update or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Website. You should check our Website frequently to see the most recent version of this Privacy Policy.
Last updated: January 1, 2019
Copyright ©2019 Rick.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Terms Of Use.
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Home
Rick Dees Hotline
Top 40 Challenge
Pick The Sureshot
Rick Dees Studios
Rick Deeserts
Contact Rick
Scroll to top