https://rmfw.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to Main Content
Privacy Policy
Rocky Mountain Fiction Writers is very sensitive to issues of individual privacy on the Internet. Please note:
This site only accepts information that individuals provide on a voluntary basis. This includes information you provide in your user account and membership form, as well as anything you post in feedback/suggestion areas or other forms.Your user information is available only to other members. This excludes your payment information, as all payments processed through this website are secure.We will never sell your information or otherwise make it available to unrelated third parties.We may, however, disclose personal information gathered on this site if we reasonably believe we are required to do so ( 1) by law or in response to a subpoena or other legal process, (2) to protect our rights or property, (3) to protect against misuse of our website, or (4) to protect the rights or safety of others.We do not knowingly collect any information on children under the age of 13.We perform statistical analyses of site server logs to study the use and popularity of various areas of our site. We also look at IP addresses to analyze where we are getting our audience.Under no circumstance will we refer to anything more than general, aggregate usage data from these analyses. We will never refer to specific identifying information.Users should keep in mind that, when posting their user name or e-mail address on bulletin boards or in other User-Posted Content areas, that information, along with any information in their postings, can be read by any third parties and may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or third parties. We have no control over that.When you attend the Colorado Gold Conference, you enter an area where photography, audio and video recording may and will occur. By entering the Conference premises, you consent to such photography and recording and to its release, publication, exhibition, reproduction, distribution, and use for news, sale, educational, promotional, advertising, and sale purposes and to its inclusion on and distribution through websites and in hard copy formats (collectively, “Uses”). By entering the Colorado Gold Conference, you also consent to use of your image and voice, to the extent they appear in audio and/or video recordings and photographs. You waive all rights you may have to any claims in connection with All Uses of recordings and photographs, regardless of the purpose or sponsoring of such uses. If you have any questions or concerns, please speak with the conference organizers.We may use user-posted content for promotional blurbs for the organization and this site. However, we make no claim of ownership for such content.This privacy policy does not apply to information obtained in connection with online contests or other promotions. We may use such information for marketing and advertising purposes or as otherwise indicated in any specific terms of use provided in connection with the online contests and promotions.Rocky Mountain Fiction Writers reserves the right to change this policy at any time. When this policy changes, users of our site will be made aware of the existence of a new privacy statement.
RMFW Newsletter
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
Subscribe Today!