http://robert-louis-stevenson.org/privacy/
RLS Website Privacy Policy
This policy explains the types of information we collect about users of the The RLS Website Online Community (www.robert-louis-stevenson.org).
This information is used to improve the content of our web pages, to customize the content and/or layout of our pages for each individual visitor, to notify visitors about updates to our web site and to contact them for marketing purposes. We never sell, rent or share any of the information we collect (except anonymous aggregate information) with any third party.
Information we collect as you browse our website
Our web server automatically collects standard information, including your IP address, browser type, operating system and access times.
We may use cookies to customize web page content based on your browser type, IP address or other anonymous information. We do use a Google Analytics cookie to analyse user behaviour and website performance in order to optimise the user experience. If you have issues concerning this please email Callum Egan: callum.egan@napier.ac.uk or contact him via the address at the foot of this page.
Use of optional information provided by visitors
You may be asked to provide your name, e-mail address or other personal information on various pages on our site (for example, when signing into the members area). When you provide this information you are asked to agree to your name, contact details and research interests being held by Edinburgh Napier University for the purposes of The RLS Website membership and to receive occasional mailings about The RLS Website activities. Your details will not be released to third parties.
If you choose not to receive further communications we will only use your name and address details to respond to your enquiry. We will not use it for any other purpose; it is never sold, rented or shared with any third party. We will use any demographic information you provide for market research purposes (in aggregate form) only.
You may use our facility to e-mail content to yourself or a friend. Any information you supply for this is used only to deliver a message in real-time to the e-mail address you specify. We do not keep this information, nor do we share it in any way.
If you contact us by e-mail to request information, report a problem or provide feedback on our services we will only use the information you provide (including your e-mail address) to respond to your message. We do not keep this information, nor do we share it in any way.
If you supply us with your telephone number online we will only contact you by telephone with information regarding the enquiry you placed online. We do not keep this information, nor do we share it in any way.
We may use cookies to store your preferences and customize web page content based on information you provide.
Future development
From time to time, we may use your information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy policy. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes on this page.
If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check this page periodically. We will only use data collected from the time of the policy change onwards for these new purposes.
Security
We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information we have collected from you.
These security measures include the necessary protection to prevent, as far as possible, access to our databases by parties other than The RLS Website.
Access to information
Upon request we will provide you with access to all the information we maintain about you. Please request this service by writing to us at the address below. We will always correct any inaccuracies in the information we hold as soon as we are informed of them.
Feedback
If you feel this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us online or write to Callum Egan, The RLS Website Manager, School of Creative Industries, Room D32, Edinburgh Napier University, 10 Colinton Road, Edinburgh EH10 5DT, UK
Copyright 2018 © The RLS Website is developed by Edinburgh Napier University's Centre for Literature & Writing, and originally funded by the Carnegie Trust. Designed by Callum Egan &
Odd Panda Design