https://robinfrederick.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Who we are
Our website address is: http://robinfrederick.com. Our goal is to share information about the craft of songwriting with our visitors.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
If you choose to enter your email address in order to receive Robin’s songwriting newsletter, your email address will be kept private and never shared.
If you wish to unsubscribe from the newsletter, click on the UNSUBSCRIBE link at the bottom of every newsletter or use the Contact Form on our About page to let us know you’d like to be removed. We’ll do so immediately after receiving your request.
Comments
We do not collect public comments from visitors. If you would like to comment on something you’ve read or seen on this site, please use the Contact Form on our About page to contact us. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization.
Any information you enter on the Contact Form will be kept private unless we specifically request via email permission to incorporate it into an article or post.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us identify repeat visitors and improve our content through statistical analysis.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
The posts on this website are based on my songwriting books. Find out more at Amazon.com.
Follow Robin
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
Search for:
Search
Songwriting booksHit Songwriting Tips & ToolsDua LipaCharlie PuthImagine DragonsJohn LegendJohn Mayer & Sarah BareillesLuke Bryan5 Magic Songwriting TipsAdeleEd SheeranMaren MorrisNick DrakeFollow Me
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
Robin’s Online Lyric CourseTOP POSTS & PAGES
LEARN HOW TO WRITE A SONG: a step-by-step guide
Writing With Images: John Mayer & Sara Bareilles
Nick Drake: A Place to Be
Hit Songwriting: "Believer" by Imagine Dragons
Add Emotion to Your Lyrics
SECRETS OF HIT SONGWRITING
SONGWRITER RESOURCES
Hit Songwriting: "All Of Me" by John Legend
"We Don't Talk Anymore" by Charlie Puth
Thinking Out Loud - Ed Sheeran