https://roncarter.net/SirCarter/privacy-policy/
Ron Carter
Privacy Policy
THANK YOU FOR TAKING THE TIME to visit my website. I am very grateful for your support and interest in my music.
It is RETRAC PRODUCTIONS INC.’s policy to respect and protect the privacy of our visitors. This policy statement tells you how we collect information from you and how that information is used and kept. Using the Internet should be a safe and enjoyable experience, and we take every precaution to make it so.
Users can visit our web site without revealing any personal information. If one chooses to provide personal information while on our web site for the purposes of correspondence, processing a request, or registering for an event, then it is our intent to let you know how we will use such information.
If users tell us that they do not wish to have this information used as a basis for further contact, we will respect those wishes. If users wish to review or correct the personal information we have collected, they should contact us to provide updated information. Occasionally, we look at the domains from which people visit us. We utilize this data to help us make improvements to our web site. This data is then properly discarded.
RETRAC PRODUCTIONS INC. recognizes the importance of protecting any information we may collect from visitors to our web site. Our policy is to use this collected information for internal purposes only, and we maintain fitting security measures to keep this information private and secure. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and to ensure the appropriate use of this information, we have put in place integrated physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect. This information will not be disclosed to third parties for commercial purposes as RETRAC PRODUCTIONS INC. is committed to protecting our visitors’ privacy.
Restrictions on Use of Materials
This web site is operated by RETRAC PRODUCTIONS INC. No material from this web site or any web site owned, operated, or licensed by RETRAC PRODUCTIONS INC. may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, or distributed in any way. All trademarks, service marks, and trade names are proprietary to RETRAC PRODUCTIONS INC.
All materials contained on this web site are Copyright ©2015 or are licensed or otherwise published by RETRAC PRODUCTIONS INC. with the permission of the owner of the material. All rights in such materials published with permission of the material’s owner are reserved to the respective owners.
External Links
Links to other web sites do not imply an endorsement of the materials disseminated at those web sites, nor does the existence of a link to another web site imply that the organization or person publishing at that web site endorses us. Links to other web sites are provided as a convenience to its visitors. RETRAC PRODUCTIONS INC. is not responsible for the materials contained on any web sites we provide links to nor can we guarantee that the links will be functional since we do not maintain those external/third party web sites.
Web Site User Agreement
If you have any questions about this User Agreement, contact us. If you do not agree with the terms of this User Agreement, you may not use our web site. RETRAC PRODUCTIONS INC. reserves the right to change this User Agreement at any time without notice.
Connecting
For information about Ron Carter and/or his music, please fill out the form below or write to:
RETRAC PRODUCTIONS INC.119 West 72nd StreetP.O. Box 218New York, New York 10023
FollowFollow
Bookings
For bookings, master classes and engagements of any of Mr. Carter’s ensembles please contact:
THE BRIDGE AGENCYJoAnne Jimenez(718) 522-5107Joanne@RonCarter.net2600 John F. Kennedy Blvd. Ste 1HJersey City, NJ 07302 – USA
Licensing
For all Ron Carter’s licensing or publishing inquiries please contact
HEIGHTS/1630 MUSIC PUBLISHING, INC(212) 944-1630info@1630music.comhttp://1630music.comThis contact is for licensing related inquiries only.
CLOSE
RESIZE FONTS
A-
A+
KEYBOARD NAV
CHANGE FONTS
CONTRAST
CHOOSE COLOR
black
white
green
blue
red
orange
yellow
navi
RESET TO ORIGINAL
GRAYSCALE IMAGES
INVERT COLORS
REMOVE ANIMATIONS
CLOSE
HomeA Gallery of Ron Carter Photos
About Bassist Ron Carter
Contact Sir Ron Carter
Discography of Jazz Master Ron Carter
Ron Carter Answers, Advice And Tips For Musicians
Ron Carter Merchandise
Ron Carter Performance Schedule
Ron Carter Press Materials
Ron Carter Privacy Policy
Ron Carter Videos of Live Jazz Performances
Ron Carter’s Comprehensive Bass Method For Advanced Players