https://ronniemilsap.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
LAST UPDATED: 10/19/18
Riser House Entertainment, LLC (“We”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This Privacy Policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting www.ronniemilsap.com (“Website”) you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.
This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third party, including Facebook, Inc., Twitter Inc., Apple Inc., Google Inc., Microsoft Corp., any wireless carriers, musical artists, and any third party operating any site or property to which the Website provides a link. In addition, the inclusion of a link on the Website does not imply endorsement of, or affiliation with, the linked site or Website by us or our affiliates. Please note that the Website may include the ability to access and submit certain information directly to third parties such as Facebook. Such information is submitted by you directly to such third parties; this Privacy Policy does not apply to any information submitted by you to third parties.
The Website is controlled and operated from the United States; accordingly, this Privacy Policy, and our collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information, is governed by U.S. law, and the Website is not intended to subject Company or any of its affiliates to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States.
UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time. Please take a look at the “LAST UPDATED” legend at the top of this page to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we make the revised Privacy Policy available on or through the Website. Your use of the Website or your submission of any information in connection with the Website following such changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy.
COLLECTED INFORMATION
In order for you to create an account on www.ronniemilsap.com and use our services, we and our third-party service providers need to collect and process some information. Depending on your use of the Website, that may include, but is not limited to, the following (“Personal Information”):
information (such as your name, email and postal addresses, telephone number, and country of residence) that you provide by completing forms on the Website, including if you register as a user of the services, subscribe to our newsletters, or request any information;
your login and password details, in connection with the account sign-in process;
information about your activity on and interaction with the Website, such as your IP address and the type of device or browser you use;
communications you send to us (for example, when you ask for support, send us questions or comments, or report a problem); and
information when you purchase a product or make a request.
information when you register for newsletters or other communications through the properties.
Information when you participate in a contest, promotion, sweepstakes, survey or other promotion
Information when you participate in a blog or forum.
WHAT’S PRIVATE?
This data will not be publicly displayed or revealed to other users:
any payment information you provide
your password details
your IP address
your phone number
communications you send to us (for example, when you ask for support, send us questions or comments, or report a problem)
We don’t give your Personal Information  to any third-party services, except when it’s necessary to provide our Services.
We do reserve the right to disclose Personal Information when we believe that doing so is reasonably necessary to comply with the law or law enforcement, to prevent fraud or abuse, or to protect our legal rights.
USES OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will use the Personal Information  you provide to:
to our third-party service providers (and in some cases, our affiliates) who provide services such as hosting, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment, infrastructure provision, IT services, customer service, email delivery, credit card processing, auditing and other similar services to enable them to provide such services;
identify you when you sign in to your account;
enable us to provide you with the Services;
send you marketing communications we think you may find useful, but only in accordance with your email preferences;
present projects to you when you use the services which we believe will be of interest based on your geographic location and previous use of the services;
administer your account with us;
to send to you SMS text messages, if you have indicated you would like to receive them. Please keep in mind that message and data rates may apply. You should check with your mobile service provider for applicable data rates. At any time, you may text back “HELP” for further information regarding text messages. If additional rules are provided in connection with any specific SMS text message sign-ups, such rules shall also apply and shall control in the event that they conflict with this Privacy Policy;
enable us to contact you regarding any question you make through the services;
analyze the use of the services and the people visiting to improve our content and services;
use for other purposes that we may disclose to you when we request your information;
to third parties that sponsor contests, sweepstakes and similar promotion. Some of these activities have additional rules, which could contain additional information about how we use and disclose your Personal Information , so we suggest that you read these rules carefully; in the event of a conflict between such rules and this Privacy Policy, such rules will govern;
to allow you to send messages (for example, music clips or artist information) to a friend through the Website. By using such functionality, you are telling us that you are entitled to use and provide us with your friend’s name and email address; and
as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public or government authorities, including public or government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates or artists; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, or that of our affiliates, our artists, you or others; or (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
If you use any location-enabled products or services, you may be sending us location information. When you use a location-enabled service, we may collect and process information about your precise geographical location, such as GPS signals sent by a mobile device. We and our third party service providers and partners may use your device’s physical location to provide you with personalized location-based services, content and advertisements. In some instances, you may be permitted to allow or deny such uses of your device’s location, but if you choose to deny such uses, we may not be able to provide you with the applicable personalized services and content.
We may collect information about how you interact on the Website. For example, the Website may utilize analytic tools to help us better serve you through improved products, services, and revisions to the Website. This collected information may let us know which services and features you are using the most within the Website, as well as device type and hardware features, country and language of download, etc.
We may aggregate Personal Information  so that the end-product does not personally identify you or any other user of the Website, for example, by using Personal Information  to calculate the percentage of our users who like a particular artist.
ADDITIONAL INFO
We will retain your Personal Information  for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
We ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive Personal Information  (e.g., social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, criminal background or trade union membership) on or through the Website or otherwise to us.
To modify or delete the Personal Information  you have provided to us, please log in and update your profile. We may retain certain information as required by law or for necessary business purposes.
On request, we will give you a copy of all the Personal Information  about you that we hold. This information is subject to a fee not exceeding the prescribed fee permitted by law.
People under 18 (or the legal age in your jurisdiction) are not permitted to use www.ronniemilsap.com on their own, and so this privacy policy makes no provision for their use of www.ronniemilsap.com.
We will protect all information we receive in accordance with this privacy policy.
SECURITY
We seek to use reasonable physical, technical and administrative measures to protect Personal Information under our control. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or data security system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
CHOICE AND ACCESS
We give you many choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Information  for marketing purposes. You may opt-out from:
Receiving marketing-related emails from us and our affiliates: If you do not want to receive marketing-related emails from us and our affiliates on a going-forward basis, you may opt-out from receiving such emails either by using the unsubscribe mechanism provided in the email or by emailing us at info@riserhouse.com.
Receiving marketing-related SMS text messages from us and our affiliates: If you do not want to receive marketing-related SMS text messages from us and our affiliates on a going-forward basis, you may opt-out from receiving such messages by texting back “STOP” or by emailing us at info@riserhouse.com.
Our sharing of your Personal Information with artists or unaffiliated third parties for their marketing purposes: If you prefer that we not share your Personal Information on a going-forward basis with artists or unaffiliated third parties for their marketing purposes, you may opt-out from such sharing by emailing us at infor@riserhouse.com
In each case, please make clear in your email what you are opting-out from. We will try to comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable.
Please note that, if you opt-out as described above, we will not be able to remove your Personal Information from the databases of our artists or unaffiliated third parties with which we have already shared your Personal Information as of the date that we implement your opt-out request. Please also note that, if you do opt-out from receiving marketing-related messages from us, we may still send administrative messages to you; you cannot opt-out from receiving administrative messages.
If you would like to review, correct, update, suppress, delete or otherwise limit our use of your Personal Information that you have previously provided to us, you may contact us by emailing us at info@riserhouse.com.
In your request, please make clear what Personal Information  you would like to have changed and what limitations (if any) you would like to place on our use of your Personal Information . We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable. We may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes, and there may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records which will not be removed. We are not responsible for changing, removing or suppressing information from the databases of artists or unaffiliated third parties with which we have already shared your Personal Information .
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at info@riserhouse.com
www.ronniemilsap.com
Take a Listen as Ronnie Recreates a Christmas Classic!
Read more on people.com>
Rescheduled Show 5/23
Read more on www.facebook.com>
Rescheduled Shows 5/17 and 5/18
Read more on www.facebook.com>
CONNECT
STAY IN TOUCH
Sign up to Be the first to hear about new music, tour dates, exclusive giveaways, and more!