https://rorschachtheatre.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
Mission
Production History
Who Is Rorschach?
Jenny McConnell Frederick, Artistic Director
Randy Baker, Artistic Director
Staff
Board Of Directors
Resident Company Members
Get Involved
Jobs Available
New Play Submissions
KLECKSOGRAPHY – Rorschach’s Artist Development Program
Other People’s Ink
FIGHT CAMP
OPEN CALLS FOR THEATRE ARTISTS and FILMMAKERS: SUMMER 2020
What To See
Distance Frequencies
Magic In Rough Spaces: 2021 New Play Lab
KLECKSOGRAPHY 2021
INDELIBLE
F*CK LA VIE D’ARTISTE
Other People’s Ink: An Entertainment Curation Society
FIGHT CAMP
Support
Rorschach Theatre Supporters
Support Rorschach Theatre
Tickets
Directions
Contact
Privacy Policy
RorschachTheatre.com Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally identifiable information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
We automatically collect location information based on your IP address or other details to help you with your experience, and will collect your email address if you sign up for our mailing list.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you when accessing the site, or when registering for our mailing list.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you sign up for our newsletter or surf the website, in the following ways:
To improve our website in order to better serve you.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
How do we protect visitor information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
We do not use an SSL certificate, and we only provide articles and information, and we never ask for personal or private information
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services.
We use cookies to:
Keep track of advertisements.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information (e.g. your current IP address) may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Google
Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users.
We have not enabled Google AdSense on our site but we may do so in the future.
We do not collect personal information.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation’s consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under 13.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via in site notification within 7 business days.
We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
About Adroll
As you browse rorschachtheatre.com and other websites, online ad networks we work with may place anonymous cookies on your computer, and use similar technologies, in order to understand your interests based on your (anonymous) online activities, and thus to tailor more relevant ads to you. If you do not wish to receive such tailored advertising, you can visit this page (link is external) to opt out of most companies that engage in such advertising. (This will not prevent you from seeing ads; the ads simply will not be delivered through these targeting methods.)
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Contact Us
Last Edited on 2015-04-27
Explore Our Website
Search for:
© 2015 by Rorschach Theatre |
Design by Eric S. Townsend Marketing with madmenwalking |
Subscribe to our RSS Feed |
or RSS Comments | Privacy Policy