https://rue-morgue.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Overall Privacy Statement
Our digital magazines are designed to allow a wider distribution of our publications, to the benefit of interested readers (‘Readers’) by making them available on the internet. Anyone who accesses our digital magazines is regarded as a ‘User’.
We take User confidentiality and privacy seriously. Because we gather certain types of information about our Users, we want to help you understand the terms and conditions surrounding the collection and use of that information. This privacy statement discloses the types of information we gather, how we use it, and how to correct or change it.
1. Information
Our primary goal in collecting information is to provide you with the best and most useful content and services. Several of the services and features that we offer on our sites require you and your organization to provide us with information as a condition of usage.
We collect personally identifiable information, such as your name, gender, email address, city and state or province.
2. Cookies
‘Cookies’ store a small amounts of data on your computer about your visit to our sites. Cookies are active in some portions, but not all portions, or our site. Cookies by themselves do not tell us anything about you. We need to combine them with the personally identifiable information you give us. We then use this information to improve our services. You can choose to prevent us from obtaining cookies by adjusting your settings on your browser, but this will limit your ability to use all aspects of the sites.
We use cookies and tracking technologies in a variety of ways, including:
Keeping count of return visits to our sites;
Accumulating and reporting anonymous, aggregate (data collected in mass), statistical information on website and advertisement usage;
Determining which features our overall user population likes best; Use and Sharing of Information
We use the information we gather for four general purposes:
To help us discover where our readership is located geographically.
To enhance the user experience in our network of sites. We use tracking information to determine how well each page performs overall based on aggregate user demographics and traffic patterns to those pages. This helps us continue to build a better service for you;
To fulfill your requests for certain products and services, such as sending out electronic newsletters and enabling you to participate in polls, contests, and message boards;
To send you information you agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to you.
We do NOT make your personally identifiable information available to other companies
3. Privacy Policy Changes
See our sites. For material changes we will post a notice and provide a link. Further, if the policies relating to our use of information changes, we will send affected users written notice of the change by email.
4. Privacy of Children
Our website and our Services are intended for adult audiences, and Rue Morgue does not knowingly collect any personal information from anyone under 13 years of age.
5. Questions, Comments
Questions regarding this privacy statement or any other aspects of our websites, digital issues or social networking sites should be sent to:
The Rue Morgue Manor
1411 Dufferin St.
Toronto, Ontario
M6H 4C7, CANADA.
Attention: Office Manager
We read every message submitted and try to reply promptly to every one. We may also file your comments to improve the site, or review and discard the information.
Privacy Policy © 2017 MARRS MEDIA INC.
Home
Subscribe
Shoppe
About
Issues
Digital
Rue Morgue TV
Midnight Movie Society
Library
Expo
Events
Faculty of Horror
HorrorBabble
Advertise
Submit Content
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
© 2020 MARRS MEDIA INC. All rights reserved.