http://rvsymphony.org/privacy/
Privacy Policy
The Rogue Valley Symphony respects your right to privacy as a user of the Rogue Valley Symphony web site, a donor, a subscriber, and a patron. Therefore, your personal information will only be used to distribute information about the Orchestra, alert you to special events, and to solicit donations. The Rogue Valley Symphony does not share, sell, rent or otherwise provide your personal information to third parties, nor is your personal information accessible through the Internet. “Personal information” includes, but is not limited to, name, address, telephone number, e-mail address and credit card information.
Mailing lists
By providing your e-mail address, mailing address, or phone number, the Rogue Valley Symphony may contact you periodically with special offers, updated information, and solicitations. Any e-mails sent to you by the Rogue Valley Symphony provide an opt-out option to be removed from the e-mail mailing list. To be removed from the mailing or tele-communications list, contact the Rogue Valley Symphony at (541) 708-6401 or at:
Rogue Valley Symphony Association
1875 Highway 99 N
Suite 7
Ashland, OR 97520
Financial Information
Personal financial information such as credit card numbers will only be used to process payment and will not be used for marketing purposes. Personal financial information is not stored on the Rogue Valley Symphony web server. Information will be retained for record keeping purposes only, but will never be shared with third parties.
Links
The Rogue Valley Symphony web site may include links to other web sites whose privacy policies we don’t control. For privacy policy questions regarding other sites, check the site directly. The Rogue Valley Symphony is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other web sites.
Cookies
Certain applications in the Rogue Valley Symphony web site invoke a standard feature found in browser software, called a “cookie.” We use cookies only to track the progress of e-commerce transactions and to allow site users to move from one page to the next without having to re-enter personal order information. We do not use cookies to track user sessions, and we do not use or share information transferred through cookies with third parties for marketing or other purposes.
Children
The Rogue Valley Symphony does not solicit personal information from children. Content specifically geared toward children will not request any personal or contact information.
Contact Us/Update Your Personal Information
Notify the Rogue Valley Symphony with change of address, title, phone number, or e-mail address. If at any time you wish to update your information or stop receiving communication from the Rogue Valley Symphony, contact the Rogue Valley Symphony by e-mail at office@rvsymphony.org or by postal mail.
Please include your old and new contact information so that we can make the appropriate corrections. The Rogue Valley Symphony may occasionally update this policy. Notice of revisions will be posted here.
IRS Information Form
If you would like a copy of our most recent IRS 990 Form, it can be found at www.guidestar.com.