https://samfox.com/cookie-privacy-policy/
Welcome to my world…
Menu...
Home
Biog
FB – Gigs & Events
Shop
Sam Limited.
Signed – Our Sam
Vintage Page 3
AutographCards
Books
CD’s
Posters
Vinyl
Photo Sets
Vintage Memoriabilia
T-Shirts
As worn by sam
DVD’s
Gallery
Discography
Cart
Checkout
My Account
Other Fan Sites
Contact Sam
Cookies In Use on This Site
Cookies and how they Benefit You
Our website uses cookies, as almost all websites do, to help provide you with the best experience we can. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or mobile phone when you browse websites
Our cookies help us:
Make our website work as you'd expect
Save you having to login every time you visit the site
Remember your settings during and between visits
Improve the speed/security of the site
Allow you to share pages with social networks like Facebook
Continuously improve our website for you
Make our marketing more efficient (ultimately helping us to offer the service we do at the price we do)
We do not use cookies to:
Collect any personally identifiable information (without your express permission)
Collect any sensitive information (without your express permission)
Pass data to advertising networks
Pass personally identifiable data to third parties
Pay sales commissions
You can learn more about all the cookies we use below
Granting us permission to use cookies
If the settings on your software that you are using to view this website (your browser) are adjusted to accept cookies we take this, and your continued use of our website, to mean that you are fine with this. Should you wish to remove or not use cookies from our site you can learn how to do this below, however doing so will likely mean that our site will not work as you would expect.
More about our Cookies
Website Function Cookies
Our own cookies
We use cookies to make our website work including:
Making our shopping basket and checkout work
Determining if you are logged in or not
Remembering your search settings
Showing you which pages you have recently visited
There is no way to prevent these cookies being set other than to not use our site.
Social Website Cookies
So you can easily “Like” or share our content on the likes of Facebook and Twitter we have included sharing buttons on our site.
Cookies are set by:
The privacy implications on this will vary from social network to social network and will be dependent on the privacy settings you have chosen on these networks.
Visitor Statistics Cookies
We use cookies to compile visitor statistics such as how many people have visited our website, what type of technology they are using (e.g. Mac or Windows which helps to identify when our site isn't working as it should for particular technologies), how long they spend on the site, what page they look at etc. This helps us to continuously improve our website. These so called “analytics” programs also tell us if how people reached this site (e.g. from a search engine) and whether they have been here before helping us to put more money into developing our services for you instead of marketing spend.
We use:
Turning Cookies Off
You can usually switch cookies off by adjusting your browser settings to stop it from accepting cookies (Learn how here). Doing so however will likely limit the functionality of our's and a large proportion of the world's websites as cookies are a standard part of most modern websites
Product CategoriesAll Products
Vintage Page 3
Signed Photos – Our Sam
Vintage Memoriabilia
T-Shirts
Posters
Vinyl
Photo Sets
As worn by sam
DVD’s
CD’s
© Sam Fox - All Rights Reserved
We use cookies to help us improve your experience when using our website. By continuing to use our website, we understand that you are happy for us to do us to this.
For more information on our use of cookies please see our Privacy Policy.Ok