https://samplecraze.com/privacy-policy/
Samplecraze Privacy Policy
1.0    Overview
In this document, the term ‘Samplecraze’ or ‘me’ or ‘I’ refers to the owner of the website Samplecraze (the Site),  whose registered office is in the UK.
The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website and/or our business customer.
By continuing to browse and use this website, you are accepting and agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following Privacy Policy. Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England, Scotland and Wales.
This Privacy Policy sets out how Samplecraze uses and protects any information that you give me when you use this website. I am committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.
My website is compliant with the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2018 (GDPR). This means that this site is probably also compliant with the data protection and user privacy laws used by many other countries.
2.0      What I collect.
I may collect the following personal information: name, email address, billing address, delivery address, payment details.
2.1       How I collect it
I collect personal information directly when you provide it to me, automatically as you navigate through my Site, or through other people when you use services associated with the Site.
I collect your personal information when you provide it to me when you buy items or services on my Site, subscribe to a newsletter or send me a communication.
2.2 My blog
If you add a comment to any of our posts, your name and email address (as entered by you) will be saved, together with your computer’s IP address and the time/ date that you submitted the comment. This information is used to confirm you are the contributor of the comment and is not given to any of the third party. Your name may be shown on the website page as the commenter and if the supplied email address is linked to a Gravatar account, your Gravatar photo will also be displayed.
Your comment and associated information will stay on this site until:
i) I remove the comment or
ii) remove the blog or
iii) you request that I remove your comment.
You need to get parental/guardian consent before posting a comment on my blog if you are under 16 years of age.
3.0      What I do with the information
I require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
For Internal record keeping.
Where it is necessary for purposes which are in my, or third parties, legitimate interests, including the operation of my Site, the provision of services and the fulfilment of orders.
Where you give me consent to send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information using the email address you provide.
For purposes which are required by law.
4.0      Links to other websites
My website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave my site, you should note that I do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, I cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
5.0      Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information.
If you have previously agreed to me using your email address, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing me at eddie@samplecraze.com or by using the unsubscribe function on one of my emails to you.
I will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless I have your permission or are required by law to do so.
You may request details of any personal information which I hold about you by contacting me at eddie@samplecraze.com
If you believe that any information I am holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please email me as soon as possible, at the above address and I will change the information.
6.0 Data Breaches
If I learn of any unlawful data breach of this website’s database or the database(s) of any of my third party data processors I shall advise you within 72 hours if I am advised your personal data has been stolen.
Click here to add your own text
Scroll to top
Select your currency
GBP
Pound sterling
USD
United States (US) dollar
EUR
Euro
AUD
Australian dollar
Do you want to understand EQ and apply that knowledge quickly and effectively to any mix, just like a seasoned pro?
Get your FREE copy now. Simply sign up to my Newsletter. Get information about new products, the latest news and much more...
Your email*:
Your First Name*:
Your Last Name*:
(* required)
You are subscribing to my newsletter. You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of the emails or by emailing me at eddie@samplecraze.com.
Please check here to confirm you accept our Privacy Policy.
×
Subscribe to my Newsletter today!
Get information about new products, the latest news and much more...
Your email*:
Your First Name*:
Your Last Name*:
(* required)
You are subscribing to my newsletter.
You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of the emails or by emailing me at eddie@samplecraze.com.
Please check here to confirm you accept our Privacy Policy.
×
Find out more about personal or group Tuition.
No obligation!
Your email*:
Your First Name*:
Your Last Name*:
* Required
Please provide some details about what you need:
×