http://santafefilmfestival.com/index/privacy-policy
About
About Us
Mission
Staff
Board
Festivals
2020 Santa Fe Film Festival
2019 Santa Fe Film Festival
2018 Santa Fe Film Festival
2016 Santa Fe Film Festival
2015 Santa Fe Film Festival
Sponsors
Support
Become a Sponsor
Sponsorship Levels
Donate
Volunteer
News
News
Press
Media Kit
Contact
Contact Us
Subscribe
SUBMIT
Search for:
Search
Home
/Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Welcome to www.santafefilmfestival.com (the “Website”) operated by the Santa Fe Film Festival. This Privacy Policy is intended to inform you about how your personally identifiable information (“PII”) and other information is collected by us in operating the Website.The Website offers visitors to the Website (“you” or “your”) the opportunity to browse the Website and use certain features on the Website. By using the Website, you consent to the collection and use of your information by the Santa Fe Film Festival as described herein. The Santa Fe Film Festival reserves the right to change how we handle the information we collect through the Website at any time. We will update this Privacy Policy to reflect any changes in our privacy collection and handling practices, and will indicate that changes to this Privacy Policy have been made by listing a new date under “Last Modified” at the end of this Agreement. Such changes will take effect immediately once posted to the Website.
The Santa Fe Film Festival does not require you to provide us with any PII. Unless you provide your personally identifiable information (“PII”) to the Santa Fe Film Festival through the Website, we will not collect any PII from you. However, in order to use certain functionality (such as purchases on line or to sign-up for email alerts) on the Website, you will need to provide certain PII to us, including digital photographs.The Santa Fe Film Festival will never share your PII with third parties for marketing purposes. We may also release your PII to third parties if we believe such release is necessary (i) to comply with the law (e.g., a legal process or a statutory authorization), (ii) to apply or enforce our user agreements, (iii) to protect our rights or property, (iv) as part of a corporate reorganization, consolidation, merger, or sale of substantially all of the assets of the Santa Fe Film Festival, or (v) if we reasonably believe that a danger to any person requires disclosure of such PII. While we take reasonable efforts to protect PII provided to us, we cannot guarantee that such information will not be lost, disclosed or accessed by accidental circumstances or by the unauthorized acts of others. The Santa Fe Film Festival may provide links to other websites or resources of possible interest to you. Because we have no control over unaffiliated websites to which we provide links, the collection and use of your PII and other information by such websites shall be subject to the policies and procedures of such websites and not this Privacy Policy.
The Santa Fe Film Festival does not knowingly collect PII from anyone under thirteen (13) years of age. If you have questions or concerns about any of our information collection or handling practices, please contact us via e-mail at info@santafefilmfestival.com or write to us at Santa Fe Film FestivalATTN: Executive Director P.O. Box: 2167, Santa Fe, NM  87504
Welcome to www.santafefilmfestival.com (the “Website”) operated by the Santa Fe Film Festival. This Privacy Policy is intended to inform you about how your personally identifiable information (“PII”) and other information is collected by us in operating the Website.
The Website offers visitors to the Website (“you” or “your”) the opportunity to browse the Website and use certain features on the Website. By using the Website, you consent to the collection and use of your information by the Santa Fe Film Festival as described herein. The Santa Fe Film Festival reserves the right to change how we handle the information we collect through the Website at any time. We will update this Privacy Policy to reflect any changes in our privacy collection and handling practices, and will indicate that changes to this Privacy Policy have been made by listing a new date under “Last Modified” at the end of this Agreement. Such changes will take effect immediately once posted to the Website.
The Santa Fe Film Festival does not require you to provide us with any PII. Unless you provide your personally identifiable information (“PII”) to the Santa Fe Film Festival through the Website, we will not collect any PII from you. However, in order to use certain functionality (such as purchases on line or to sign-up for email alerts) on the Website, you will need to provide certain PII to us, including digital photographs.The Santa Fe Film Festival will never share your PII with third parties for marketing purposes. We may also release your PII to third parties if we believe such release is necessary (i) to comply with the law (e.g., a legal process or a statutory authorization), (ii) to apply or enforce our user agreements, (iii) to protect our rights or property, (iv) as part of a corporate reorganization, consolidation, merger, or sale of substantially all of the assets of the Santa Fe Film Festival, or (v) if we reasonably believe that a danger to any person requires disclosure of such PII. While we take reasonable efforts to protect PII provided to us, we cannot guarantee that such information will not be lost, disclosed or accessed by accidental circumstances or by the unauthorized acts of others. The Santa Fe Film Festival may provide links to other websites or resources of possible interest to you. Because we have no control over unaffiliated websites to which we provide links, the collection and use of your PII and other information by such websites shall be subject to the policies and procedures of such websites and not this Privacy Policy.The Santa Fe Film Festival does not knowingly collect PII from anyone under thirteen (13) years of age. If you have questions or concerns about any of our information collection or handling practices, please contact us via e-mail at mail@santafefilmfestival.com or write to us at:
Santa Fe Film Festival
ATTN: Executive Director
P.O. Box: 2167
Santa Fe, NM  87504
Donate to SFFF The Santa Fe Film Festival has always depended on the generosity of the Santa Fe community, and the lovers of film who have sustained it for over 20 years. Your support is more important at this stage of the festival’s growth than ever before.
Donate
Submit a Film Films of all categories including Narrative, Documentaries, International, Student, Afro Cinema, Animation, Latin Ciné, LGBTQ+, Native Cinema, Sisters of Cinema and Spotlight on New Mexico films are encouraged to submit.
Submit