https://satyajitray.org/privacy/
Privacy Policy
SatyajitRay.org respects your privacyWe do not collect any personal information on users who browse our Web site. We only collect information volunteered by the users, such as survey information and/or site registrations.The information we collect is not shared with other organizations for any purpose.With respect to Ad ServersWe have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages to bring you offers that are of interest to you. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. For further information, consult the privacy policies of: www.amazon.com and www.google.com.Any personal information you provide to us including and similar to your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address will not be released, sold, or rented to any entities or individuals outside of SatyajitRay.org.Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ads and content network privacy policy.Credit card detailsSatyajitRay.org will never ask for Credit Card details and request that you do not enter it on any of the forms on SatyajitRay.org.External SitesSatyajitRay.org is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. You are advised to read the privacy policy of external sites before disclosing any personal information.CookiesA “cookie” is a small data text file that is placed in your browser and allows SatyajitRay.org to recognize you each time you visit this site (customization etc). Cookies themselves do not contain any personal information, and SatyajitRay.org does not use cookies to collect personal information. Cookies may also be used by 3rd party content providers such as news feeds.If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.Embedded/Linked content from other websitesArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.) or links. Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.Remember the Risks Whenever You Use the InternetWhile we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to SatyajitRay.org and you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any passwords or other account information.In addition other Internet sites or services that may be accessible through SatyajitRay.org have separate data and privacy practices independent of us, and therefore we disclaim any responsibility or liability for their policies or actions.Please contact those vendors and others directly if you have any questions about their privacy policies.For any other information please contact us here.