https://sbgs.org/privacy-policy/
Home
Calendar
Concert Season
Open Mic
Master Classes
GuitarFest
Community
Outreach
Instructors/Schools
Volunteer
GuitarFest
Tom Gardin Scholarship
Learn
Instructors/Schools
Master Classes
Support
Membership
Donate
Volunteer
Our Benefactors
About
SBGS Board
Our Mission
Privacy Policy
Select to show the menu
Privacy Policy
South Bay Guitar Society (SBGS) is dedicated to promoting and presenting classical and related guitar styles to people of all cultures, ages, abilities and economic means. We are a 501(c)(3) non-profit (federal id 77-0414012). Our goal when it comes to personal information is to collect none, on a few occasions we must collect some.
Information we collect and when we collect it
We collect only information that is needed to operate our Membership program and Events. That information includes your first and last name, address, email address, and option selections such as Membership Level. For ticket purchases, Membership donations, anonymous donations, and contributions to the Tom Gardin Memorial Scholarship fund, the payment services we use collect information required for the transaction. We do not store that information.
We do not collect personally identifiable information on our sbgs.org website visitors. The SBGS website was created with technologies that use browser cookies. We neither store nor analyze information from browser cookies.
We have embedded videos from outside sources (primarily YouTube), and we provide links to our social media content. Those websites may collect data about you, use cookies to track and analyze your activity, embed additional third-party tracking, monitor your interaction with that embedded content, and the like.
Who we share your data with
We do not share, sell, or allow anybody else to use information that we collect from you.
How long we keep information that we collect
SBGS Member data are deleted when a Membership expires, and concert-goer data are deleted after the event has taken place.