https://sbiff.org/about/privacy-policy/
Facebook
Twitter
Google
RSS
Privacy Policy
The Santa Barbara International Film Festival (“SBIFF”) places a high priority on protecting your privacy. This privacy policy was created in order to demonstrate SBIFF’s firm commitment to the privacy of our members and website users. This policy explains what types of information is collected by SBIFF’s website, www.sbiff.org, and how this information is used.
What Personally Identifiable Information is Collected
SBIFF members that register for www.SBIFF.org and individuals that sign up to receive SBIFF e-communications voluntarily provide us with contact information (such as name and e-mail address). We may use this information for specific, limited purposes. You may always “opt out,” either now or at any time in the future, if you do not wish to receive our messages.
IP addresses
SBIFF uses your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer www.SBIFF.org, and for statistical metrics used to track website visitor traffic.
Cookies
www.SBIFF.org uses “cookie” messages to automatically help provide better services. They remind us who you are and your preferences for our website based on what you’ve done and told us before. The “cookie” is placed in your computer and is read when you come back to our website. Cookies let us take you to the information and features you’re particularly interested in. They also let us track your usage of www.sbiff.org, so we know which parts of our sites are most popular. You can reject cookies or cancel them by instructing your Web browser accordingly.
How Your Information May Be Used
We use your personal information to provide you with personalized service; to send e-mail alerts to you; to answer your requests; to process your membership application; etc. You may choose to opt out at any time, which will cease all communications from us. We may also use your information to track visitor of our website. This lets us see which of our features are the most popular so we can better serve our users’ needs. It also lets us provide aggregate data about our traffic (not identifying you personally, but showing how many visitors used which features, for example) to outside parties
Email Privacy
SBIFF does not provide, sell, or rent email addresses to anyone outside the organization.
External Links
www.sbiff.org includes links to external websites. These links do not fall under the www.sbiff.org domain, and SBIFF is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of external websites. Your use of any linked website is solely at your own risk.
Modifications
We may amend this privacy policy from time to time; please review it periodically. We maintain the option to modify this privacy at any time by electronic notice posted on our website. Your continued use of our website after the date that such notices are posted will be deemed to be your agreement to the changed terms.
SPONSOR HIGHLIGHT
sephora_web
boxedwater
ugg-web
adl-web
toyota-web
seeinternational-web
wmh-web
mbt-web
unionbank-web
sbvitners-web
nea
netflix-web
patagonia-web
belvedere-web