http://scottspray.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy:
Scottspray Finance ("Scottspray Finance")
operates scottspray.com and may operate other websites. It
is Scottspray Finance's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Scottspray Finance collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Scottspray Finance's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how Scottspray Finance's visitors use its website. From time to
time, Scottspray Finance may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Scottspray Finance also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on scottspray.com
blogs/sites. Scottspray Finance only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Scottspray Finance's websites choose to interact
with Scottspray Finance in ways that require Scottspray Finance to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Scottspray Finance gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at scottspray.com to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Scottspray Finance are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Scottspray Finance collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
Scottspray Finance. Scottspray Finance does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Scottspray Finance may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Scottspray Finance may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Scottspray Finance does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Scottspray Finance discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on Scottspray Finance's behalf or to provide services available
at Scottspray Finance's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using Scottspray Finance's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. Scottspray Finance will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Scottspray Finance discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when Scottspray Finance believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Scottspray Finance, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Scottspray Finance website and have supplied your email address, Scottspray Finance
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with Scottspray Finance and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Scottspray Finance takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Scottspray Finance uses cookies to
help Scottspray Finance identify and track visitors, their usage of Scottspray Finance
website, and their website access preferences. Scottspray Finance visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using Scottspray Finance's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of Scottspray Finance's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Scottspray Finance, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Scottspray Finance goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of Scottspray Finance may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by Scottspray Finance and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Scottspray Finance may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Scottspray Finance's sole
discretion. Scottspray Finance encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a scottspray.com account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Quick LinksAbout
Contact
Blog
Privacy Policy
Pages
About
Blog
Contact
Home
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Forex Market NewsMoving Average (MA) Explained for TradersThe Moving Average is a popular indicator for identifying trends. Learn how to use and interpret MA.Euro Post-ECB: EUR/USD, EUR/JPY Tangle with Big ResistanceIt's an ECB day and the single currency has rallied even with the bank's stimulus announcement.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok
Scroll to top