https://scriptpipeline.com/privacy
My Account
About
Press enter to begin your search
Understanding
Scriptpipeline.com recognizes that your privacy is very important to you. We know that providing personal information is an act of trust and we take that seriously. Your email address will not be taken from our site and added to bulk mailing lists. The only people who will have access to your personal information are scriptpipeline.com staff and you the subscriber.
We will not email you anything unrelated to scriptpipeline.com. If at any time you wish to be removed from our mailing lists, visit your preferences section on our website to do so or contact us directly via phone or email.
Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to your computer’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies. However, if you do not wish to receive any cookies you may set your browser to refuse cookies. In some instances this may mean you will not be able to take full advantage of parts of our service. The use of cookies can enhance your enjoyment of what is offered by scriptpipeline.com, because they can help personalize your experience of our website. They can make it easier for you to shop online and can ensure that information provided to you is most relevant to your interests. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user’s browser.
scriptpipeline.com and its affiliates recognize the trust you place in us when you give us personal information. We need to obtain various information from our users to ensure the effectiveness of our service. The information obtained is used as a whole to gain general statistics so we can better provide our services and so we can identify more effectively other prospective users.
Our Commitment
scriptpipeline.com take all reasonable steps to keep secure any information which we hold about you, and to keep this information accurate and up-to-date. Your information is stored on secure servers. In addition, our employees and data processors are obliged to respect the confidentiality of any personal information held by agents. However, scriptpipeline.com will not be held responsible for events arising from unauthorized access to your personal information. Please notify us immediately if there is any unauthorized use of your account by any other Internet user or any other breach of security.
Scriptpipeline.com provides links to websites outside of our service. These linked sites are not under the control of scriptpipeline.com, and we are not responsible for the conduct of websites linked to our website. Before disclosing your personal information on any other website, we advise you to examine the terms and conditions of their websites.
Affiliates on scriptpipeline.com
This site, scriptpipeline.com, uses the services of several entities with which scriptpipeline.com has collaborative relationships.
Third Party Sites
Scriptpipeline.com may provide hyperlinks to third-party web sites, however does not control third-party web sites and is not responsible for the contents of any third-party web sites or any hyperlink in a linked-to site. Scriptpipeline.com does not endorse, recommend, or approve any third-party site hyperlinked from scriptpipeline.com, and will have no liability to any entity for the content available through such hyperlink.
SubscribeJoin the Script Pipeline community andreceive $5 off a contest entry.
Email Address
ContactScript Pipeline
2633 Lincoln Blvd. #701
Santa Monica, CA 90405
info@scriptpipeline.com
Privacy Policy
© 2020 Script Pipeline.
Competitions
First Look Project – Screenplays & Pilots
Screenwriting
TV Writing
Movie & TV Pitches
Workshop
Development Notes
General Review
Pitch Notes
Success Stories
News and Articles
Subplot – Profile Series
Interviews
Essential Reading – Screenplays and Pilots
Script Sales
Notable Press
Scouting
Pipeline Access – Free Script Review
Industry Network
Gift
Pipeline Media
Film Pipeline
Book Pipeline
My Account
About
Subscribe
Join the Script Pipeline community and
receive $5 off a contest entry.
Email Address
X