https://sdwritersguild.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Welcome/Home
About
Anthology
Blog Posts
Board of Directors
Bylaws
Calendar of Events
Contact Us
Join the Guild
Manuscript Review
Members’ Works
Meetings/Programs
Newsletters
Renew Your Membership
SDWEG History
Privacy Policy
Member Login
SDWritersGuild.org (also referred to as “The Guild”, “we”, “us” or “our”) is committed to maintaining the privacy of personal information of its readership. This Privacy Policy describes how The Guild treats personal information received about individuals (hereafter referred to as “readers”) visiting sdwritersguild.org.  Use of sdwritersguild.org and disclosure to us of your personal information is optional and voluntary.  By visiting sdwritersguild.org you are accepting and agreeing to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
The Guild reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time, in The Guild’s sole discretion, with or without notice.  Readers should check this page each time they plan to submit personally identifiable information to understand how the information submitted will be used.
Subscribers, Followers and Commenters:
WordPress.com/Automattic.com, the enterprise host for The Guild, provides The Guild with the e-mail addresses of subscribers, followers, and commenters of sdwritersguild.org.  The Guild may send subscribers, followers, or commenters e-mails regarding their subscriptions or comments, to send thanks or to provide updates on new developments. The Guild does not collect any other information from subscribers, followers, and commenters and does not sell or rent the email addresses of its subscribers, followers, or commenters.
Members:
Members who submit their applications online or in hard copy provide contact and limited biographical information, some of which may when combined with other information about the members result in it being personally identifiable information. The Guild maintains membership information outside of the sdwritersguild.org platform solely to send periodic messages of interest and the monthly newsletter to members via email or regular mail, to contact members at the end of each year to request they renew their membership and pay dues, and to produce an annual directory, which is made available only to other current members of the Guild. We allow members the option not to have their names listed in the Directory of SDWEG Members. The Guild does not sell or rent any information in the directory about its members.
PayPal, the company The Guild uses to accept payment of dues, provides The Guild with the e-mail addresses, telephone numbers, and mailing addresses, when available, of The Guild’s members.  The Guild does not sell or rent this personally identifiable information to third parties or use it to market products unrelated to The Guild.  Comments that are provided by members may be published publicly and may be used in promotional materials.
The Guild strives to keep confidential all personally identifiable information of readers, but it may publicly release non-personally identifiable, aggregate statistics about its subscriber base, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its blog.
If you’d like to know what personal data WordPress has stored about you, please contact WordPress with your request. For more details about Europe’s General Data Protection Regulation (aka GDPR), please click here for WordPress’ updated policy.
Information The Guild Collects:
Like many other blogs and websites, The Guild uses cookies, which store data in readers’ web browsers.  A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. These cookies allow The Guild to remember readers and not require subscribers to log in every time they visit The Guild. If readers do not wish to receive cookies, they can disable them by adjusting the settings in their web browsers. Cookies, log files, and analytics technologies (such as wordpress.com Enterprise Site Stats and Statcounter) enable The Guild to better understand its readership and cater to it. Examples of information The Guild may collect on its readership: the pages visited, duration of visit, location, IP address, and referral website. The Guild may share with third parties aggregate non-personally identifiable information about its readers.
Opting Out:
Check out the links on how to disable cookies in Safari, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, and Internet Explorer.
Read: Cookie Policy Guidance and Opt-Out Instructions: http://www.usa.gov/optout-instructions.shtml
Readers Who E-mail The Guild:
The Guild reserves the right to publish reader-anonymous e-mails and photographs submitted, in books, e-books, and apps, or otherwise. The Guild will not post photographs of Guild members without first obtaining a release to do so from the member. If The Guild wishes to publicly identify the author of an e-mail, The Guild will request permission from the e-mail’s author and only publish once permission is granted. Exception to this policy are blog take down notice and harassing email, which The Guild reserves the right to publish in its entirety without sender permission.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) Compliance:
The Guild does not knowingly collect personal information about children under the age of 13.
Advertising:
The Guild does not post ads of any type on its website. Occasionally The Guild may post information about a service that we deem of potential value to our members, but such posts will always contain information of value, not simply advertising goods or services. We include a disclaimer on our site that information is presented in good faith, as-is, and without warranty as to correctness, nor imply any guarantees to our site visitors, leaving the decision to check out the information further to the discretion of the visitors.
Links to other Sites and Services
It is important to note that The Guild contains links to other sites, applications, and services maintained by third parties that may not follow the same privacy policies as The Guild. For instance, clicking or tapping on some third-party logos on the sdwritersguild.org like Facebook, Twitter, etc., will take you to an entirely different site, application, or service. These sites, applications, and services may use cookies, collect data, and use the data differently than The Guild. The Guild is not responsible for the privacy practices of, or any information or materials on, these other sites. Please visit the other sites in question if you wish to review their privacy policies.
Acceptance of Privacy Policy & Updates:
By using sdwritersguild.org, you accept and agree to this Privacy Policy.  If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use our web site.  Your continued use of our web site after we post changes to our Privacy Policy will mean that you accept those changes.
August 15, 2018
Order Your Copy of The Guilded Pen Nowpaperback version
ebook version
To give 1/2% back to the Guild, place your order on smile.amazon.com after selecting the Guild as your preferred donation recipient.Take Advantage of Richard Lederer’s Offer to the GuildSDWEG Life and Honorary Member Richard Lederer has offered the Guild $8 on the sale of each of his latest Holiday books. Place your orders here.
Subscribe to Blog via Email
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Join 281 other subscribers
Email Address
Subscribe
Search site contents
Search for:
Next meeting December 21, 2020 Our next meeting will be Monday, December 21. The program will be a special Holiday Open Mic. Registration begins at 6:30 p.m. via Zoom. Invitations will be sent to all Guild members with the Zoom meeting details. If you are not a Guild member and wish to be invited, send a message to webmaster@sdwritersguild.org by Friday, December 18.
Our meeting location Until we are able to meet in person, our meetings will be held online only. Our usual meeting place has been at the San Diego County Health Services Center, 3851 Rosecrans, San Diego, CA 92110.
Shopping with Amazon? Start with Smile.amazon.com to donate to the Guild.AmazonSmile will donate .5% of your purchases to San Diego Writers and Editors Guild if you start here. You pay the same price whether you begin at smile.amazon.com or at amazon.com. Amazon donates the .5% from what they receive.
Contact us Our mailing address is SDWEG, P. O Box 881931 San Diego CA 92168-1931 Our e-mail address is sandiegowriterseditorsguild@gmail.com
Recent Posts
2021 SDWEG Anthology Theme Announced
December 10, 2020
Congratulations to SDWEG Members Tommy Anderson and Susie Schaefer
December 8, 2020
Kops-Fetherling Book Awards Submissions Now Free
December 4, 2020
Strange Happenings Accepted for the 55th Local Author Showcase
December 3, 2020
Running Wild Press Author Party December 15, 1 p.m. via Facebook, YouTube, and Twitter
November 27, 2020
Looking Forward, I Believe…
November 24, 2020
Guild Member Wanjiru Warama Releases New Book
November 20, 2020
In Memoriam Yvonne Nelson Perry
November 19, 2020
San Diego Memoir Showcase December 5, 2020, Free
November 19, 2020
Listen to This: Short Stories Read Aloud
November 18, 2020
Follow UsInstagramTwitterFacebookDisclaimer Information posted on this site is offered to the writing community by the San Diego Writers and Editors Guild. Sources may include information from a number of different guest contributors. All are presented in good faith, as-is and without warranty as to correctness, nor imply any guarantees to our users.
Welcome/Home
About
Anthology
Blog Posts
Board of Directors
Bylaws
Calendar of Events
Contact Us
Join the Guild
Manuscript Review
Members’ Works
Meetings/Programs
Newsletters
Renew Your Membership
SDWEG History
Privacy Policy
Member Login
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2020 San Diego Writers and Editors Guild — Primer WordPress theme by GoDaddy
error: Alert: Content is protected !!