https://sepapparel.com/terms/
Home
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
CONDITIONS OF SITE USE
SEPApparel.com Terms of Use
Welcome to SEPApparel.com. This site is provided by Southeastern Performance Apparel as a service to our clients and to the general public. This site is controlled by Southeastern Performance Apparel headquartered in Dothan, AL. Please review the following basic rules that govern your use of our Site (the "Agreement"). Although you may "bookmark" a particular portion of this Site and thereby bypass this Agreement, your use of this Site still binds you to the Terms. Formalwear-outlet.com reserves the right to update or modify these Terms and Conditions at any time without prior notice.
Your use of the SEPApparel.com website following any such change constitutes your unconditional agreement to follow and be bound by the Terms and Conditions as changed. For this reason, we encourage you to review these Terms and Conditions whenever you use this website.
Please note that your use of our Site constitutes your unconditional agreement to follow and be bound by these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use this Site.
Use Restrictions
The copyright in all material provided on this Site is held by Southeastern Performance Apparel or by the original creator of the material. Except as stated herein, none of the material may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior written permission of Southeastern Performance Apparel or the copyright owner.
Permission is granted to display, copy, distribute and download the materials on this Site for personal, non-commercial use only, provided you do not modify the materials and that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the materials. This permission terminates automatically if you breach any of these terms or conditions. Upon termination, you must immediately destroy any downloaded and printed materials. You also may not, without Southeastern Performance Apparel permission, "mirror" any material contained on this Site on any other server.
Unauthorized use of any material contained on this Site may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
Site Security
Users are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the Site, including, without limitation, (a) accessing data not intended for such user or logging onto a server or an account which the user is not authorized to access; (b) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; (c) attempting to interfere with service to any user, host or network, including, without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to the Site, overloading, "flooding," "spamming," "mailbombing" or "crashing;" (d) sending unsolicited email, including promotions and/or advertising of products or services; or (e) forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or newsgroup posting. Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability. Southeastern Performance Apparel will investigate occurrences that may involve such violations and may involve, and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who are involved in such violations. You agree not to use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of this Site or any activity being conducted on this site. You agree, further, not to use or attempt to use any engine, software, tool, agent or other device or mechanism (including without limitation browsers, spiders, robots, avatars or intelligent agents) to navigate or search this Site other than the search engine and search agents available fromSEPApparel.com on this Site and other than generally available third party web browsers (e.g., Netscape Navigator, Microsoft Explorer).
General
This Agreement represents the complete agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior agreements and representations between them. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable and the other terms of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. The failure of Southeastern Performance Apparel to act with respect to a breach of this Agreement by you or others does not constitute a waiver and shall not limit BuyFormal.com rights with respect to such breach or any subsequent breaches.
User Reviews, Comments, Feedback, Postcards and Other Submission
All reviews, comments, feedback, postcards, suggestions, ideas, and other submissions disclosed, submitted or offered to Formalwear-outlet.com on or by this Site or otherwise disclosed, submitted or offered in connection with your use of this Site (collectively, the "Comments") shall be and remain property of Southeastern Performance Apparel. Such disclosure, submission or offer of any Comments shall constitute an assignment to Southeastern Performance Apparel of all worldwide rights, titles and interests in all copyrights and other intellectual properties in the Comments. Thus, Southeastern Performance Apparel will own exclusively all such rights, titles and interests and shall not be limited in any way in its use, commercial or otherwise, of any Comments. BuyFormal.com will be entitled to use, reproduce, disclose, modify, adapt, create derivative works from, publish, display and distribute any Comments you submit for any purpose whatsoever, without restriction and without compensating you in any way. Southeastern Performance Apparel is and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any Comments in confidence; (2) to pay to user any compensation for any Comments; or (3) to respond to any user Comments. You agree that any Comments submitted by you to the Site will not violate this policy or any right of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary right(s), and will not cause injury to any person or entity. You further agree that no Comments submitted by you to the Site will be or contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material, or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings or any form of "spam". Southeastern Performance Apparel does not regularly review posted Comments, but does reserve the right (but not the obligation) to monitor and edit or remove any Comments submitted to the Site. You grant Southeastern Performance Apparel the right to use the name that you submit in connection with any Comments. You agree not to use a false email address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of any Comments you submit. You are and shall remain solely responsible for the content of any Comments you make and you agree to indemnify Southeastern Performance Apparel and its affiliates for all claims resulting from any Comments you submit. Southeastern Performance Apparel its affiliates take no responsibility and assume no liability for any Comments submitted by you or any third party.
Limitation of Liability
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE, SHALL SOUTHEASTER PERFORMANCE APPAREL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF DATA OR PROFIT, ARISING OUT OF THE USE, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE MATERIALS ON THIS SITE.