https://setsucon.com/privacy-policy
Setsucon
April
9-11, 2021 · Blair County Convention Center
Home
About Us
Information
Location
Hotels
Registration
Programming
Panels
Exhibitors
Artist Alley
Vendors
Volunteer
Policies
Contact Us
Follow us!
Privacy Policy
We here at Setsucon.com care about the online privacy of all of our visitors.
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Please review our privacy policy below for details on the information we collect and how it is handled.
Last updated: Friday 30-Oct-2020 12:12:17 EDT
What Information is Collected
Our web registration forms collect both identifiable and non-identifiable information.
Setsucon gathers the following personally identifiable information via its registration forms:
Full name
Date of Birth
Email Address
Mailing Address
Phone Number
Additionally, Setsucon gathers non-identifiable information about your visit to our site including
Internet Protocol (IP) address, Internet Service Provider (ISP) information, page views, duration of visit, and browser information.
How Information is Used
The information collected through our forms is used solely for the purpose of running and managing Setsucon.
Full name, Email Address, Mailing Address and Phone Number are used as means to contact attendees and/or applicants for our events including but not limited to Panels, Contests, and on-site Competitions, in the event of problems with registration, or to confirm receipt of registration.
Date of Birth is used to determine special rates and the information required during registration, comply with Children's
Online Privacy Protection Rule (COPPA), and demographic purposes.
Penn State Affiliation is gathered for demographic purposes.
Information regarding your visit to Setsucon.com is used towards improving the website.
We aim to accommodate as many users on as many platforms possible.
How your Information is Shared
Once again, the information collected through our forms is used solely for the purpose of running and managing Setsucon.
Your privacy is important to us.
Staff members of Setsucon have access to information as needed to perform their duties.
In the event of an emergency, Setsucon may provide limited information to Official Emergency Personnel including Police and EMS as needed to assist the attendee or reach an emergency contact.
Setsucon will not sell or distribute identifiable information to any other third parties, except as required by law.
Updates to this Policy
Setsucon may occasionally edit this Privacy Policy to reflect any changes in how we collect, use, or share visitor information.
The date of our last update will be posted at the top of this page.
How to have your Information Removed
If you wish to have your information removed from our databases, you can send a request to Webmaster.
Please be aware, this information is used to manage Setsucon and thus purging your information will result in the loss of your convention registration without refund and/or loss of your application for Convention Events, Contests, and Competitions.
If you have any further questions about our privacy policy or your personal information feel free to Contact the Webmaster or send us written mail at:
Anime Organization
The Pennsylvania State University
306 HUB-Robeson Center
University Park, PA 16802
About |
Contact |
Privacy |
Policies
Copyright © 2006-2020