https://setsucon.com/policies/
Setsucon
April
9-11, 2021 · Blair County Convention Center
Home
About Us
Information
Location
Hotels
Registration
Programming
Panels
Exhibitors
Artist Alley
Vendors
Volunteer
Policies
Contact Us
Follow us!
Convention Policies
Last Modified: Oct 07, 2020
While Setsucon may be a winter convention, our staff try to make Blair County Convention Center as warm and inviting as possible. The following policies are in place to help ensure that all congoers have fun at Setsucon. Please read and understand these policies. If any of them are unclear, contact us and we'll be happy to clarify them.
Possible sanctions for not following the set forth policies include, but are not limited to: verbal warning, removal from event, removal from the convention center, revocation of convention badge, and if necessary police intervention. Please do not make us go any further than a quick verbal warning.
Badges must be in plain sight at all times.
ANYTHING illegal outside Blair County Convention Center is illegal inside Blair County Convention Center. All Federal, State, and Local laws apply and supersede any policies we have in place.
Setsucon is not liable for any injuries, should they occur.
Refund Policy
In regular years, registrations are nonrefundable and nontransferable. With the uncertainty around COVID-19, this year only, registrations may be refunded up until 30 days prior to the event or credited toward a future Setsucon. If you have any questions, please contact our Registration Director prior to the convention or see the Registration Desk at the convention.
Disruptive Behavior
Setsucon is a family friendly convention (PG-13). We ask that our attendees act accordingly. The following actions are considered disruptive behaviors:
Blocking hallways, doors, and exits
Running down the hallways
Excessive noise and yelling
Excessive PDA (Public Display of Affection)
Glomping, hugging, touching, or harassment of anyone without their consent
Selling of anything, with the exception of artists and vendors in their respective areas
Fighting, both real and mock
Setsucon reserves the right to ask an attendee to change clothes if they are inappropriately dressed.
Animals are prohibited unless they are necessary for medical reasons.
Use common sense. If you are invading someone's space or violating their rights, there is a good chance you shouldn't be doing it. The above list is not all inclusive; if a Setsucon or Blair County Convention Center staffer asks a reasonable request of you, please follow their request.
Line Etiquette
Please be aware that there is a really good chance that you will be waiting in a line of epic proportions at some point in time. Please be respectful of the people around you. Anyone cutting in line will be sent to the back of the line. Also, please do not block doorways when waiting in line. Any line for an event may not be formed until 15 minutes prior to the event. The line will begin at the discretion of Setsucon staff and "lines for the line" will not be permitted. Setsucon staff reserves the right to disband any lines formed before this time period.
Theft Policy
A friendly reminder:
Setsucon and Blair County Convention Center are not responsible for lost or stolen items. If you do lose an item or suspect it has been stolen, please report to the Convention Operations room. If your item is in the Convention Operations room, be prepared to describe it in detail in order to get it back.
If an attendee is caught stealing, they will immediately be turned over to the proper authorities.
If you find an item that doesn't belong to you, please turn it in to Convention Operations.
Camera Policy
Feel free to take as many pictures as you would like in the convention area! However, lease do not block the hallways or doors, or hold up traffic to take pictures. Try to step off to the side and out of the way of traffic. Cameras will not be allowed in any event where they will cause a distraction. This includes, but is not limited to panels and viewings. Proper procedure for taking a picture of a cosplayer/attendee is to ask for permission first and then find a suitable spot to take the picture. If the person declines the request, please respect their decision.
Photography is NOT permitted in the Artist Alley.
Cosplay Policy
To ensure that Setsucon remains a safe and family friendly convention there are a number of guidelines for you to follow when preparing a cosplay for the convention:
This is a family friendly convention, so it is important to wear appropriate attire. If it would not be acceptable at a pool it will not be acceptable at the convention. If there is a cosplay you have in mind that would cover you insufficiently consider the use of leggings or a leotard. When in doubt, reach out to our Cosplay Coordinator.
Shoes must be worn at all times.
Full face masks are acceptable but must be easily removable, and we ask that it be removed after leaving the convention area.
Keep in mind the size of your cosplay and props when planning for the convention. Consider ways in which your cosplay could inhibit your movement or the movement of those around you. As an example, a pair of wings that protrude from your back may easily hit people nearby when you turn. If you cannot avoid this, it is a good idea to have a friend with you to help you navigate safely.
Setsucon reserves the right to deem any cosplay unsuitable for the convention space, in which case you will be asked to change into more appropriate attire. Your badge will be held at registration and will be returned upon approval of alterations.
If you have any doubts about your cosplay being acceptable, contact our Cosplay Coordinator prior to arriving to the convention.
Weapons Policy
Weapons are NOT permitted inside Blair County Convention Center. To reiterate: if it is illegal outside Blair County Convention Center, it's still illegal inside.
NO LIVE STEEL. Metal or metal containing weapons of any sort are not allowed on the premises.
NO GUNS.
Period. Of any kind. This even includes airsoft guns with orange tips.
No explosives or chemicals.
Blair County Convention Center does not allow weapons and Setsucon does not allow weapons. It's as simple as that. Any person found with a weapon will be asked to remove it from the convention area and may be escorted out. Failure to do so will result in confiscation of the weapon and your badge.
Prop Policy
All props must be checked in at Weapons Check and approved. Any prop that resembles a gun must have a painted orange tip and must have no moving or internal parts. Misuse of props that endangers other attendees will not be tolerated. Full face masks must be easily removable and we ask that it be removed after leaving the convention area.
Props are acceptable as long as they:
Are made of wood, plastic, foam, or similar material
Are less than 7ft in any direction and less than 50lbs
Have been checked in and have received the approval marking
Have no sharp edges
Do not have chains longer than 18in
Do not contain metal
Setsucon reserves the right to deem any prop unsuitable for the convention space.
If you are not entirely sure if your prop is acceptable, contact our Cosplay Coordinator prior to arriving to the convention.
Setsu Odori (Dance) Policy
Dance your heart out! To help ensure everyone has a good time, please be aware of the following rules:
Be mindful of people around you while dancing.
A badge must be displayed at all times.
Props are not allowed into the Odori.
No swinging or throwing objects (glow sticks, glowing swords, etc.).
No excessive public displays of affection.
No fighting.
No bottles or containers of any kind are allowed into the Odori.
No food of any kind is allowed into the Odori.
If you are under the influence, you will be asked to leave.
No bags are permitted within the Odori.
Setsucon staff will not hold, watch, or in any way assume responsibility for any items left near the Odori.
Sign Policy
Signs that are an integral part of a cosplay are acceptable. Any other sign is not allowed. This includes signs written on any medium such as: paper, cardboard, handwritten onto T-shirts, etc.
Signs that could be considered solicitation are not allowed. For example, a sign reading "FREE HUGS" is not allowed. Signs with anything inappropriate on them will be confiscated.
Guest and Autograph Policies
Setsucon cannot guarantee that you will be able to get an autograph from the guests. There is a time limit on autograph sessions that we will be strictly adhering to. We want to ensure that as many people as possible are able to interact with the guests, so please keep the lines moving. We recommend writing down anything that you wish to say to the guests in case you forget.
Guests will be happy to autograph your Setsucon Programming Booklet, as well as any officially licensed merchandise. Guests reserve the right to refuse to sign anything that may be counterfeit. Signing of personal items is at the discretion of the guest. There is a limit of 2 autographs per person and there will be no flash photography at the autograph sessions unless otherwise noted.
Guests may accept small gifts that they can store in their luggage. We ask that all gifts are not wrapped because we will need to check them before giving them to the guest. Guests will not accept any food. Please do not visit the guest's private quarters.
Setsucon reserves the right to make changes to the Guest and Autograph Policies as the circumstances or guests dictate.
Minors at Setsucon
Setsucon welcomes attendees of all ages. A parent or guardian must accompany a child under the age of 18 at all times. Setsucon is not a child sitting service. We recommend that all children carry some form of identification along with contact information of their parent or guardian. In the case that a child becomes lost, this makes it less stressful for everyone. Blair County Convention Center does not have a PA system. Please also see the section below on Parental Consent.
Parental Consent
All attendees younger than 18 years of age as of April
9, 2021 must have a parent, legal guardian, or a designated chaperone registered for the convention (with a badge). This means that either a parent, legal guardian, or a chaperone has a badge.
All attendees younger than 18 years of age as of April
9, 2021 must have a signed by parent or legal guardian and completed Parental Consent to Attend Setsucon form when they arrive at Setsucon.
If the minor attendee will have a chaperone, the chaperone must sign in the appropriate spot below (not instead of) the parent signature.
Minors without appropriately completed parental consent forms when they arrive at the convention can not be admitted to Setsucon.
Parental Consent and Chaperone Form
18+ Policies
Setsucon has a few 18+ events late at night. Attendees who wish to attend one of these must have their ID ready to be presented at the door to the event. Rooms will be cleared out prior to the event. There is absolutely no admittance into an 18+ event without a proper ID.
Photographs and Promotions
Attendees of Setsucon are granting permission to be photographed or recorded by authorized Setsucon staffers. By purchasing your registration, you inherently grant Setsucon the permission to use such photos or recordings for promotional or chronicling purposes.
Privacy Policy
Setsucon's Privacy Policy is available here.
Policy Updates
The policies are subject to periodic review by Setsucon's Executive Board and may change without prior notice. A copy of the current policies in effect for the convention will be posted at the registration and information desks.
About |
Contact |
Privacy |
Policies
Copyright © 2006-2020