http://sff.onlinewritingworkshop.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyHow We Use Information Provided by YouThis site does not collect personal information about individuals except when specifically and knowingly provided by such individuals. We will not sell, trade, rent or give your personal information to third parties without your permission. To enable members to subscribe to discussion lists and receive newsletters and announcements, members' email addresses may be shared with a third party who provides this service. But members will never be subscribed to any Online Writing Workshop mailing list without their permission, and will be unsubscribed on request at any time.Online Writing Workshops will not use your email address or other personal information to send you messages about anything other than our Online Writing Workshops, with one exception: we may occasionally send out a message on behalf of any sponsor partners about their books of interest to members. This will not occur more than quarterly (four times per year).Members should be aware that when they voluntarily disclose personal information (e.g., name, email address) on the mailing lists or for a workshop's Member Directory, that information can be collected and used by others and may result in unsolicited messages from entities other than Online Writing Workshops. Online Writing Workshops' membership agreement prohibits such usage of members' personal information, but we cannot guarantee complete compliance.CookiesLike many others, our site works by placing a "cookie" in the appropriate file area of members' Web-browser software. The cookie is used to establish a session on our site, so that members do not have to log in over and over again. It is possible to use our site if your browser is set to reject cookies; it will just be a bit more cumbersome, since you will probably have to log in more than once. The cookie does not store or record any personal information.Members Under 18Members under 18 must obtain the permission of their parent(s) or guardian(s) before joining. We encourage parents and guardians to get involved with their children's online usage and to be aware of the activities in which they are participating. If you have questions about our privacy policy, contact us.