http://sherman-scaf.org.au/about/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Sherman Contemporary Art Foundation (SCAF) deals with the collection, use and disclosure, storage, security, accessibility and correction of personal information in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) and the Australian Privacy Principles (APP). We are committed to protecting your privacy and have developed the following policy that sets out our procedures for handling personal information.
What information do we collect?
As part of our activities, SCAF collects personal information such as your name, address, telephone number(s), e-mail address, work/business address, job title and employer. If you are a supporter of SCAF, we may also collect information about your financial details, details relating to donations made to us or any relevant payment or billing information (including account details, credit card details, billing address and invoice details). SCAF does not collect any personal information, except that which is knowingly supplied by the individual or information that is otherwise publicly available.
How do we use your personal information?
SCAF uses the information collected for the primary purpose of providing you with information and material about our exhibitions/events or for fundraising purposes.
Unsubscribing
If at any time, you do not wish to receive further electronic messages from SCAF, please send a blank email to info@sherman-scaf.org.au and enter ‘unsubscribe’ in the subject line. SCAF will not provide your personal information to third parties without first obtaining your consent.
How do we ensure that your personal information is accurate?
SCAF will use its best endeavours to ensure that your personal information is accurate, complete and up-to-date.
How is your personal information secured?
SCAF understands the importance of protecting your personal information from misuse, loss, modification or disclosure. Access to your personal information is therefore restricted to authorised staff of SCAF and its related or associated entities. We also commit to destroying or permanently de-identifying any of your information if it is no longer needed for any authorised purpose.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed as totally secure. Accordingly, SCAF does not, and cannot, warrant or ensure the security of any information which you transmit to us. Any information which you transmit to us is transmitted at your own risk, and SCAF is not and will not be held liable for any unauthorised access to your information.
Our website
When you visit SCAF’s website, our website may collect certain information from your computer. This information is used in an aggregated manner to analyse how people use our site, such that we can improve our website and the information we provide on our website.
The website may also utilise “cookies”, which will not identify you personally but may identify your computer. Cookies enable us to monitor traffic patterns to our website and to deliver information on our website more efficiently. You can setup your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie and to enable you to either accept or reject it in each instance.
From time to time, our website may contain links to other websites not owned or controlled by us. We are not responsible for these sites or the consequences of you going on to those sites.
Direct marketing
If you have donated or participated in fundraising activities with SCAF (a ‘Supporter’), we may directly send you information to tell you about products, services, events, fundraising or any other activity which we consider may be of interest to you (‘Direct Marketing Communications’). Where you are a Supporter, you expressly consent to us using your information to send you Direct Marketing Communications. You may request at any time to opt out of receiving further Direct Marketing Communications as detailed above.
Cross border disclosure
SCAF may sometimes use overseas or cloud storage facilities, data hosting facilities or third party service providers to assist with our day to day operation. This does not change our commitment to safeguard your privacy. By submitting your information to us, you expressly agree and consent to the disclosure, transfer, storing or processing of your information outside of Australia. In providing this consent, you understand and acknowledge that countries outside Australia do not always have the same privacy protection obligations as Australia in relation to your information. If you do not agree to the transfer of your information outside Australia, please contact us using the information below.
Legal
SCAF reserves the right to disclose your information as required or otherwise permitted by law, or when we believe such disclosure is necessary to protect our rights or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order or other legal process.
Information for under 13s
If you are 13 or over, we will usually assume that you can make your own privacy decisions. If you are under the age of 13, you should obtain your parent’s or guardian’s permission before you share your personal information with SCAF. We consider that it is the responsibility of parents to monitor their children’s use of our website. However, SCAF recognises that we have a special obligation to protect information obtained from young children. If you are a parent who would like your child’s information deleted from our records, please contact us using the information below.
Resolving your privacy issues
If you have a privacy complaint please let us know. We will do our best to address and resolve any issues you have.  If you have any questions, comments or concerns about what is explained here or about our privacy practices generally, please contact our us using the information below. Where you ask for a response, you can expect to hear from us within 30 days.
Accessing, updating and deleting your personal information
You are entitled to access or request to update the personal information that SCAF holds about you by contacting our General Manager. However we reserve the right to reasonably refuse access to that information on the basis of the exemptions set out in the Privacy Act. If you wish to have your information deleted, we will take reasonable steps to delete it unless we need to keep it for legal, auditing or internal risk management reasons.
Updating your information
If you wish to modify any information that you have previously given us, or if you want to opt out of future communications please contact:
16-20 Goodhope Street
Paddington NSW 2021
Tel: 612 9331 1112
Fax: 612 9331 1051
Email: info@sherman-scaf.org.au
Availability of Policy
This policy is available upon request. It may be reviewed and updated due to legislative changes or changes in our organisational structure or objectives. We will post such changes on our website, after which, your continued use of the website or your continued dealings with us shall be deemed to be your agreement to the modified terms.
Contacting us about our privacy policy
For further information about the privacy policy contact our General Manager using the contact information provided above.
Governing law
This policy is governed by the laws in force in New South Wales, Australia. You agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of that jurisdiction.
Consent
By using our website or by accepting the terms of one of our terms and conditions which refer to this policy, you are agreeing to the terms of this policy.