https://shubert.com/privacy
MENU
DONATE TO THE SHUBERT
Shows & Events
Tickets
How to Buy
Group Tickets
Gift Certificates
Ticket Policy
Seating Chart
Shows & Events
Upcoming
Past
Shubert Updates
apART Together Concerts
Shubert Retro-Logo Sweatshirts
Plan Your Visit
Guides
Frequently Asked Questions
Dining
Offers
Directions & Parking
Hotel Guide
Venue Rental
Venues
Shubert Theatre
Cooperative Arts & Humanities High School
Outreach
Education Programs
The Hip Hop Nutcracker - Streaming for Educators
Step Afrika! Virtual Education Program
Study Guides
Shubert Camp At Home
Community Outreach
Request a Ticket Donation
Community Ticketing Program
Support
Individual Giving
Planned Giving
Friends of the Shubert
Donate
Corporate Giving
Corporate Club
Program Sponsorship
Performance Sponsorship
Sponsors
Benefit Events & Programs
Capital & Endowment Giving
Centennial Plan
The Shubert
About
Our Vision/Mission
E-Blast Sign Up
Contact Us
Job Opportunities
Volunteer Opportunities
News
CAPA
Shubert 101
Staff & Board Members
Alexander and Jennifer Clark Performing Arts Center
The History
Overview
3 Ways to Buy Tickets
1
ORDER ONLINE
2
CALL
Shubert Box Office: 203-562-5666
3
VISIT
Shubert Box Office
247 College Street
New Haven, CT 06510
The Box Office is temporarily closed.
A limited staff is available to answer phone calls Monday through Friday from 10:00 AM to 3:00 PM. The best way to reach us is to email shubertticketoffice@capa.com.
Important information about unauthorized ticket resellers:
Tickets for Shubert events should only be purchased through the Shubert Box Office or my.Shubert.com. When buying online please be wary of third-party websites that are selling overpriced and in some cases, fraudulent tickets. The Shubert cannot be held responsible for re-sold tickets which may not be honored at the Box Office and cannot be reprinted if lost or stolen.
Privacy Policy
Effective date: May 2019
The Shubert Theatre (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the https://shubert.com website.
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our website and the choices you have associated with that data. By using the website, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Cookies and Usage Data
Cookies
To improve your experience on our site, we may use “cookies.” Cookies are an industry standard and most major websites use them. A cookie is a file with a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser, but please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
Usage Data
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our website.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our website. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on our website available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. This add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits or activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
We may use Google Analytics to collect information about how the website is accessed and used (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our website that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
Use of Data
The Shubert Theatre uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the website
To notify you about changes to our website
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our website when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the website
To monitor the usage of the website
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to the United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
The Shubert Theatre will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third-party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via a prominent notice on our website, prior to the change becoming effective, and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By phone: 203-562-5666
By mail: College Street Music Hall, 247 College Street, New Haven, CT 06510
3 Ways to Buy Tickets
1
ORDER ONLINE
2
CALL
Shubert Box Office: 203-562-5666
3
VISIT
Shubert Box Office
247 College Street
New Haven, CT 06510
The Box Office is temporarily closed.
A limited staff is available to answer phone calls Monday through Friday from 10:00 AM to 3:00 PM. The best way to reach us is to email shubertticketoffice@capa.com.
Important information about unauthorized ticket resellers:
Tickets for Shubert events should only be purchased through the Shubert Box Office or my.Shubert.com. When buying online please be wary of third-party websites that are selling overpriced and in some cases, fraudulent tickets. The Shubert cannot be held responsible for re-sold tickets which may not be honored at the Box Office and cannot be reprinted if lost or stolen.