https://siriusxm.com/privacypolicy/pdf?intcmp=GN_FOOTER_NEW_OurCommitmenttoPrivacy
What's On
Browse Content
Channel Guide
Music
Sports
Howard Stern
News & Issues
Talk & Entertainment
Comedy
Hear & Now Blog
Try SiriusXM
Free Trial: In My Car
Free Trial: On the App and Online
Learn About My Trial
What is SiriusXM
Ways to Listen
Subscriber Perks
Subscriptions
Compare Packages
Inside the Car
Outside the Car
Returning Listener Offers
Shop Radios
Traffic, Weather & More
For Business
For Boats
For Planes
Auto & Truck Fleets
Listen Online
Help & Support
Transfer My Subscription
Refresh My Radio
Help Center
Contact Us
Do Not Call Policy
Manage My Account
Sign In
View My Bill
Make a Payment
Refresh My Radio
Transfer My Subscription
clear
Browse Packages and Pricing
Subscribe Now
Get a Free Trial
Pay My Bill
Transfer My Subscription
clear
PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated: July 6, 2020
In English
En Espanol
Your California Consumer Privacy Act Rights
WHY DO WE PROVIDE THIS POLICY?
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) applies to your trial, paid, or other subscription to our satellite radio service, our streaming service, and any other service we offer such as traffic, weather (including marine and aviation), data and infotainment (collectively referred to as our “Service(s)”).  This Policy also applies to any other visit to or use you make of websites operated by or on behalf of Sirius XM, as well as our online media player, our mobile applications, enabled radios as defined below, and any other technology through which our Services can be accessed such as third-party hardware for the home, applications, and radios (collectively, the “Sites”).
This Policy provides you with information about what data is collected by Sirius XM Radio Inc. (“Sirius XM”, “us” or “we”) when you visit the Sites to use our Services, including in your vehicle, or when you purchase products from us or our agents.  When you visit other websites not owned or operated by Sirius XM you may see advertisements for our products and services such as “banner” ads.  If you interact with those ads, you will be governed by this Policy.
This Policy has been made available in Spanish.  Due to minor differences in language, the English version shall prevail and be binding even though a Spanish translation is available.
SUMMARY:  WHAT INFORMATION IS COVERED AND NOT COVERED BY THIS POLICY?
Covered:  The types of information we collect and share depend on the particular product or service we provide to you.  This information can include:
information we collect through the use of particular products or services and technology;
information you voluntarily choose to disclose to us, such as your name, address, telephone number, email address, and credit card information;
information we receive through your use of social media and our linked social media applications;
information we receive through your use of our streaming service on an Internet-enabled device or through the use of certain  Sirius XM radios which are enabled for two-way communications through a modem installed in the vehicle, such as 360L radios (“enabled radios”); and
supplemental information we may obtain from other sources about you.
Not Covered: Collection, sharing and use of information by or provided to any of Sirius XM’s subsidiaries is governed by the privacy policy for that respective subsidiary.  (1)  To the extent you own or operate a vehicle capable of Connected Vehicle Services offered under a Sirius XM brand or provided by Sirius XM Connected Vehicle Services Inc. such as SiriusXM Guardian, such Connected Vehicle Services may also collect and use personal information about you and your vehicle (“CVS Collected Information”).  Such Connected Vehicle Services operate independently of your Sirius XM radio or data service subscription and hardware, and are governed by their own privacy policies.  CVS Collected Information is not covered under this Policy.  Please see your vehicle’s owner manual or the privacy policy of the respective Connected Vehicle Services program for more information about their data collection and use practices.  (2)  To the extent you use or subscribe to Pandora® streaming services or interact with events or other services provided by Pandora Media LLC (“Pandora”), information that Pandora collects and uses, shares or sells, is not covered under this Policy.  Please see Pandora’s privacy policy, available at www.pandora.com/privacy, for more information about Pandora’s data collection and use practices.
Here is a summary of various reasons why we may share your information and whether you can limit this sharing.  Please read the complete Policy for full details of our collection, use and sharing practices.
How Is Information Shared?
We share your information as needed to conduct our business.
For our everyday business purposes -- to provide customer service, maintenance, or other business functions to or for the Services or the Sites, to provide you with Services or with other services through our affiliates; to help personalize your listening, driving or operating experience; for sales, billing, operations, invoicing, bookkeeping, service and account-related emails, postal mail, and telephone calls; to perform customer research, to improve existing products or services or develop new ones.    Do We Share? Yes.  Can You Request That We Stop Sharing? No, you cannot stop this sharing.
For our own marketing purposes – to offer extensions of service, new products or services; to send information on special deals, promotions, or information which we think may interest you; to perform market research; to serve advertisements of SiriusXM products and Services. Do We Share? Yes.  Can You Request That We Stop Sharing?  No, you cannot stop this sharing, but you can tell us your preferred contact preferences.
For joint marketing with select content providers, retail outlets, or for third party offers – to offer opportunities or information; send information on products, services, or opportunities from our agents, such as automakers or retailers of satellite radios, or for other vehicle services   Do We Share? Yes, we may share.  Can You Request That We Stop Sharing?  Yes, you can stop this sharing.
For third party advertising – to provide third party advertisements tailored to your interests on websites or applications operated by Sirius XM; or to monitor and control ad delivery, performance and frequency. Do We Share? Yes, we may share.  Can You Request That We Stop Sharing?  You may have the ability to limit the information shared for third party advertising. Please see the section on “Cookies” below and Your California Consumer Privacy Rights, where applicable.
YOUR CHOICES to limit our use and sharing of your information
Your postal address and email address:
Go online at http://www.siriusxm.com/contactus and follow the instructions.
Call us at 1-888-539-SIRIUS (1-888-539-7474) or 1-800-XM-RADIO (1-800-967-2346)
“Do Not Email” Requests:  Follow the instructions included at the bottom of each marketing email or newsletter, or go to the Sirius XM Newsletter Preference Center at www.siriusxm.com/emailpreferences.
“Do not Mail” Requests” must be renewed every three (3) years if you prefer not to receive marketing mail.
Your choices not to be tracked online (“tracking”):
Our Sites do not currently respond to your web browser “Tools” to not track your activities online.  There are other methods you can use to tell us and third party online advertising networks about your online tracking choices.  You may opt out of how companies unaffiliated with us (see list here at www.siriusxm.com/youradchoices) use tracking tools and collect your information while visiting our Sites by visiting each of their privacy policies and following instructions there.  You can also use two tools available by the Digital Advertising Alliance to register your choices about the collection and use of your data on mobile sites and across sites and applications for online targeted advertising by visiting:  http://www.aboutads.info/choices/  and http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices.
Your choices not to be tracked as you use our Service:
At this time, you may not disable the collection of Listener Usage Data or Vehicle Radio Usage from your use of our online media player, our mobile applications, and enabled radios. You also cannot restrict the collection of your IP address (your “rough location”). You may not disable our collection of the pseudonymous mobile device ID for your mobile device; however, you may be able to reset and change your mobile device ID at your discretion through settings located on your own mobile device. Please refer to information provided to you by your mobile device manufacturer.
Your choices not to be located as you use our Service through your enabled radio:
If you are using an enabled radio to receive Services, the geo-location tools on your enabled radio, identifying your latitude and longitude (your “fine location”), may be disabled through your radio’s SiriusXM System Settings.  By choosing “LISTEN NOW,” “PROCEED TO USE,” or similar, you consent to Sirius XM having access to your fine location until you take action to disable the geo-location tools.  If you disable the geo-location tools and continue to use our Traffic, Travel Link and related Services while driving, we will be unable to provide you with the optimal functionality of these Services. Radios other than enabled radios do not identify or transmit the fine location of your vehicle.
Your telephone number (for telemarketing sales calls):
“Do Not Call” Requests:  You may add yourself to our “do not call” list by calling 1-866-303-5603.  If a calling campaign is in process, you may continue to be contacted while your request is processed, so please allow up to thirty days for your request to take effect.  We may have more than one telephone number for you or your family members, so please be specific as to which numbers you are directing us to not call.  Regardless of the fact that your numbers may be listed in our records as “do not call,” we may still use the number(s) to call you for service and account-related matters.  You can read more about our “do not call” policy at http://www.siriusxm.com/donotcall.
RIGHTS & CHOICES AVAILABLE TO RESIDENTS OF CERTAIN STATES
California Residents:
Your rights to opt-out of the potential sale of your personal information:  Your personal information may be sold (as each term is defined under California Civil Code § 1798) by Sirius XM to other businesses for their own marketing purposes, or in exchange for some form of consideration to our business.  If you are a resident of California, you have the right to tell us, at any time, not to sell your personal information, to the extent that we do so. To opt out of the sale of your personal information, visit “Do Not Sell My Info.”  Additionally, under California Civil Code § 1798.130, you are entitled to certain disclosures, which can be viewed here.
Third party marketing: Under California Civil Code § 1798.83, California residents may request certain information about categories of personal information shared by Sirius XM with unaffiliated third parties for those parties’ own marketing purposes during the previous calendar year and the names of such parties. Sirius XM does not share your personal information (as defined under this section) with third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless you specifically opt-in, or are offered the opportunity to opt-out at the time you provide personal information or request a Services and elect not to opt-out. To make a request under § 1798.83 to Sirius XM, please write to: Sirius XM, Attn: Legal Department - CA Privacy Request, 1221 Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor, New York, NY 10104.  Requests that come to Sirius XM by other means may result in a delayed response.
Nevada Residents:
If you are a resident of Nevada, you may apply limits to the sale of certain personal information to third parties for resale or licensing purposes, subject to applicable law.  Sirius XM does not “sell” (as defined under Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A) your personal information for any use.  You are entitled to register your preference for limits on such sales in the future by sending an email to privacy@siriusxm.com, with the subject line, “Nevada Do Not Sell Request” along with your first and last name, zip code, and whether you are a former or current Sirius XM subscriber.  If you are a former or current Sirius XM subscriber, in order to process your request, your email address must match the email address on your account.
Your personal information should be kept current:
You are responsible for keeping your contact information current and accurate.  If for any reason you are concerned that the personal information we have for you is not correct, or if you wish to change or update any information, go to Sirius XM Listener Care online at http://www.siriusxm.com/contactus, to log into your account and manage it there.  If you are unable to manage your own account online, please call us at 1-888-539-SIRIUS (1-888-539-7474) or 1-800-XM-RADIO (1-800-967-2346).
E.U. RESIDENTS
The Sirius XM Site and Service are intended for use and viewing by trial and paid subscribers who are residents of the United States only.  We do not intend to collect, and we do not knowingly store personal information from consumers or users who are residents of countries outside of the United States.  We may collect anonymous information associated with a device in order to limit territorial distribution of our Services, but do not associate such information with a device owner or residencyof any particular country.
PRIVACY COMPLAINTS
Your privacy concerns are important to us.  All privacy-related complaints should be made first, through our internal complaint resolution process by submitting a written complaint via direct mail to:
Chief Privacy Officer
Sirius XM Radio Inc.
8550 Freeport Parkway
Irving, Texas 75063
Or via email to:  privacy@siriusxm.com
Sensitive, personal information should not be sent via email.
THAT WAS THE SUMMARY.  NOW HERE ARE THE DETAILS:
Sirius XM collects, uses, sources and shares information from and about you, including personal and pseudonymous information. The collection, use, sources, and sharing of personal and other information are described in this policy.  Please see below for additional provisions, as required under the consumer privacy law of your state.
Your Privacy Rights Under State Laws
California Residents:
Your rights under Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.83 (Shine the Light law): We only share personal information (as defined under the Shine the Light Law) with third parties for their direct marketing purposes if you either specifically opt-in, or are offered the opportunity to opt-out and elect not to opt-out of such sharing at the time you provide personal information or when you choose to participate in a feature on the Service. If you do not opt-in or if you opt-out at that time, we will not share your personal information with that identified third party for direct marketing purposes. You may request certain information about categories of personal information shared by Sirius XM with unaffiliated third parties for those parties’ own marketing purposes during the previous calendar year and the names of such parties. To make your request to Sirius XM, please write to: Sirius XM, Attn: Legal Department - CA Privacy Request, 1221 Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor, New York, NY 10104.  Requests that come to Sirius XM by other means may result in a delayed response.
Your rights under Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code § 22575(b) (“Do Not Track” Browser Settings):  You are entitled to know how we respond to "Do Not Track" browser settings.  Like many other websites and online services, we do not currently alter our practices when we receive Do Not Track signals as there is no consensus among industry participants as to what "Do Not Track" means in this context.  To find out more about "Do Not Track," you may wish to visit www.allaboutdnt.com/.
Your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA):   If you are a resident of California, the CCPA requires that we provide certain information about your rights and personal information we collect, sell, and disclose as defined under the CCPA.  To view this information, visit Your California Consumer Privacy Act Rights.
Nevada Residents:
Your rights under Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A.  If you are a resident of Nevada, you may apply limits to the sale of certain personal information to third parties for their resale or licensing purposes, subject to applicable law.  Sirius XM does not “sell” your personal information (as defined under Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A).  You are entitled to register your preference for limits on such sales in the future by sending an email to privacy@siriusxm.com, with the subject line, “Nevada Do Not Sell Request” along with your first and last name, zip code, and whether you are a former or current Sirius XM subscriber.  If you are a former or current Sirius XM subscriber, in order to process your request, your email address must match the email address on your account.
How does Sirius XM collect my information?
Personal Information.  We collect information you provide to us when you begin the process to purchase products from us (even when you abandon the transaction) and when you subscribe to and/or use our Service through any Sites available to do so.  This information will be maintained for our records, which will enable you to manage your own accounts and subscriptions in our Online Account Center, and place future purchases without the need to re-enter the information. We may receive personal information such as your name, address, email address, and/or phone number from an automaker or dealer in connection with your purchase of a vehicle with an introductory or trial subscription to the Service. We may also receive your name and email address from other sources associated with your vehicle.
From your use of social media applications linked to our Sites, linked to our media player or linked to our mobile applications, we may also receive your personal information or social media identifier, along with your email address, profile information, interests, likes, and/or other information which the social media platform or we will specify in advance at the location of collection.
The Sites may also offer interactive services, such as chat, forums and message boards.  Please remember that any information that you disclose in these areas becomes public information, and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in these areas.  Your use of the interactive services on our Sites are subject to this Policy.
Your Voice.  We may make a record of voice interactions (“voice transcript”) when listeners use a voice feature with our service.  We collect and retain voice transcript data in these instances for processing purposes to understand the listener’s query or intent (“voice query”) and to return the right experience.  You cannot access voice transcripts of voice queries.  Access is limited to the product and engineering employees who require access to voice transcripts for business purposes including debugging to improve the listener experience of making voice queries and to learn more about the resulting action taken by listeners following voice queries.
If we make a voice transcript of your voice queries, we may use voice recognition technology owned by Google to process voice requests and text-to-speech.  We share this voice data only with Google and only as described here.  Google returns the results back to Sirius XM to provide the content or take the action you have requested.  We and Google may also collect and use voice data for the purposes set forth in our respective privacy policies, including quality assurance and to optimize the product and user experience.  For more information, please review the Google Privacy Policy and this Policy in detail.
Pseudonymous Information. We automatically receive certain types of information whenever you interact with us through an Internet browser, your mobile device, or through your vehicle’s enabled radio.  This information is pseudonymous in that it is associated with unique identifiers that cannot identify you directly without the addition of other information to make it personal information.  We may collect information on your interactions with our Sites and the Services through pseudonymous identifiers assigned to your computer or mobile device, and may track your interactions with Sites, your use of social media applications to access our Sites, access times and listening behavior, such as  the pages you view on the Sites, the search terms you enter while on our Sites, your IP address (your rough location), the operating system, browser software and Internet service provider you use, and your fine location.
We may receive pseudonymous information about your interactions with the content you listen to or watch from Internet-enabled technology you use to access our Services (“Listener Usage Data”).  If your vehicle has an enabled radio, Sirius XM and our third-party service providers will collect Listener Usage Data and other data regarding use of an enabled radio (“Vehicle Radio Usage Data”).  We are unable to stop the collection of Listener Usage Data or Vehicle Radio Usage from enabled radios.  Pseudonymous information may include either rough or fine location information. Please see Location and Usage Data – Notice and Collection for more information. We are unable to provide the ability to access, stop the collection of, or to delete the Listener Usage Data or Vehicle Radio Usage Data which we collect from devices that are disassociated from a trial or paying subscriber, or when you are using our Service during our “free listening” periods. If you have a SiriusXM account, we may match your personal information to your Listener Usage Data or Vehicle Radio Usage Data to enhance your profile, at which time your Listener Usage Data is no longer pseudonymous and is handled as personal information.
When you set the “Incognito” mode in our mobile applications for streaming, we will continue to collect your Listener Usage Data for your “app” experience; but we will not use it for our marketing purposes and will not share it for marketing purposes.
We use “cookie” and “cookie”-like features of major browser applications and other data capture mechanisms that allow us to store pseudonymous data about your visit to the Sites and your use of social media applications to access our Sites.  Please see our Cookies section below for more information.
Supplemental Information.  We may supplement the information you provide to us, or which we may obtain from your use of our Service -- both personal and pseudonymous -- by acquiring demographic and marketing information from third parties, including marketing data providers and advertising entities.  We may match such third party information to your personal information, and use it to improve the content of the Sites or our Service or to inform you about products or services that we think will be of interest to you, and for targeted advertising.  Some of this information may include:  your gender, age, marital status, education and occupation; your telephone number, email address, mailing address; your household size and income; the number of drivers in your household; the make, model and age of your car; the make, model and features of your car audio system; whether you own or lease your car; information about your commute and the amount of time you spend driving; and your favorite musicians and types of music.
How does Sirius XM use and share my personal information?
Our Use.  We use personal and pseudonymous information we collect about you for our business purposes including to (i) provide and improve the Sites and our Service, (ii) enforce our Customer Agreement and our Website Terms of Use, (iii) offer you extensions of service, or new products and services, (iv) send you, or serve to you online, information on products, services, special deals, promotions, or information which we think may interest you, (v) perform market research and (vi) deliver and monitor performance of behavioral or targeted advertising.
We use information we collect from our Service and from the Sites to administer the Sites, improve our goods and our Service, determine how our Service, the Sites, and your vehicle’s enabled radio are being used,to identify, diagnose and address technical issues affecting the Services, identify popular areas of the Sites and analyze trends and usage patterns of the Service and the Sites.  We also may use your information for various reasons, including to gauge the effectiveness of our social media efforts and applications, of our media player or mobile applications, other Sites, to track information for statistical purposes, to personalize your listening experience, and to improve the products and services we provide.  If you use the Services through an enabled radio in your vehicle, we may use the location  of your vehicle  over time to identify signal reception or other technical issues with the Services, or to better predict and support your traffic patterns and provide suggestions for improved routing.  See also “Location & Usage Data – Notice & Choice” below.
We may also use information we collect from geo-location tools on your computer, mobile device, or on your vehicle’s enabled radio to respond to your requests for information and to tailor our Service and our communications.  This may include our sending you short text messages on your smartphone or other mobile device if you give us your express consent to receive them.
Telephone:  By registering on the Sites or by subscribing to our Service, and providing your telephone number, or by purchasing or leasing a vehicle with our Service included, you agree that this action constitutes an existing business relationship with us for purposes of all telemarketing laws.  Notwithstanding the fact that your home telephone and/or mobile telephone number may be listed with the Federal Do-Not-Call Registry or your local State Do-Not-Call list, we may contact you pursuant to this existing business relationship using the information you provided to us, or which we obtained to supplement information you provided to us.  You must tell us directly if you do not wish to receive calls at a particular phone number.  We may contact you by telephone, except as may be prohibited by applicable law.  We will not contact you by the use of a prerecorded telephone message with a commercial solicitation unless we have your prior express written or recorded consent, as required by Federal law, or unless it is for the delivery of an important Service-related or account-related announcement.  We may send you text messages if you have expressly agreed to receive them, even though charges may apply from your telecommunications provider, and to ensure we comply with applicable laws.
Email:  We may also send you information or offers from time to time to the email address we have on file.  We will continue to send important Service-related or account-related notifications to your email address, even if you tell us that you do not wish to receive marketing emails from us.
Mail:  We may also send you information or offers from time to time to the postal address we have on file.  “Do Not Mail” requests must be renewed with us every three (3) years if you prefer not to receive marketing mail.  We will continue to send important Service-related or account-related notifications to your postal address, even if you tell us that you do not wish to receive marketing mail from us.
On Air:  If you provide us with information when you request that a song or other content be played on our Service, we may use the information you provide in accordance with this Policy, including to announce your name and request on the air.
Promotions:  If you provide your name for a promotional offer or to enter a sweepstakes or contest, and win a prize, we may post your name on a winner's list online, and will file your name with state agencies if required by law.
Service providers.  We work with third party vendors to perform functions on our or your behalf, as service providers.  Our service providers may be allowed access to your personal information to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.  We use a third party service provider to payments process using your credit card information (or make appropriate adjustments to such payments) for any paid products and services you have authorized.  We do not supply your credit card information to any third party, except as necessary to process and service a transaction.
Affiliates. We may share personal and pseudonymous information with our affiliates to develop and improve our Services and their services to you and for marketing their products and services that may be of interest to you.
Third Party Offers.  We may share personal information and demographic information about you with third parties that may use the information to send you offers or other information we think you might find of interest.  They may use your email address, postal address, or telephone number. You may opt-out of our sharing your information for third-party offers.
Advertising.  We use and share your pseudonymous information with ad servers and platforms, advertising agencies and other advertising entities to serve ads on the Sites, in the context of the Services and on third party websites. Please see the section Cookies below for more information on the technology that may be employed by us in our advertising to you and by third party advertisers on our Sites. The information collected or shared with ad-serving technology is used as part of the ad-serving process for reporting, and to select and direct the ads you see online at the Sites or delivered through the Service, and does not contain your name, address, telephone number or email address.
Other Uses.  We may use your personal information to contact you about our Service, or for other purposes in which you have expressed an interest.
Service Related Announcements.  We may also provide you with service and account-related announcements.  For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance or the delivery of a service or product is delayed, or if there is an issue with a product or service you might have ordered we might send you an email, or other message.  Notwithstanding the fact that your home telephone and/or mobile telephone number may be listed with the Federal Do-Not-Call Registry, or your local State Do-Not-Call list, we may use the information you provided to us for service and account-related announcements.  You may not opt-out of these non-promotional communications related to your subscriptions or order.  If you do not wish to receive these communications, you have the option to cancel your subscription or order by contacting us.
Exceptional Circumstances.  If Sirius XM or any of its subsidiaries is sold or disposed of as a going concern, whether by merger, sale of assets or otherwise, the relevant databases of Sirius XM could, in whole or in part, be transferred as part of that transaction.  Therefore, information about our subscribers, users of the Sites and our Service, including personal information, may be disclosed as part of any merger or acquisition, creation of a separate business to provide the Sites or our Service, or sale of our company assets, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership in which personal information may be transferred as one of the business assets of the company.
We may release personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that disclosure is necessary (a) to conform to any applicable law to comply with legal process served on us, or to respond to a valid and legally authorized request by law enforcement or governmental authorities; (b) to enforce our Customer Agreement and our Website Terms of Use, including any investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) to protect or defend our rights or property, or the rights or property of our employees, agents, contractors or other users of the Service or Sites; or (d) to act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of our Service or the Sites or the public.
How does Sirius XM protect my personal information?
The Sites have security in place that is designed to protect your information.  When you provide personal information from your vehicle, your personal information, including credit card number, telephone number and email address are not stored in the vehicle.  We use a combination of security measures to safeguard the confidentiality of the personal information you provide us.  We have security procedures for the storage and disclosure of personal information, which you have given us in order to prevent unauthorized access.  However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, and it may be possible for third parties to intercept or access information unlawfully.  We cannot guarantee the security of your or any other person’s information.
The Sites may contain links to other websites.  Keep in mind that we do not control, and are not responsible for, the privacy or security practices or the content of these other websites.
We may retain your personal information after you unsubscribe for purposes of internal account management, to resolve disputes, enforce our Customer Agreement and our Website Terms of Use, technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security, integrity and operation of the Sites and the Service.  We may also retain your personal information to assist us and you with your next subscription and customer experience or to develop or enhance our Services.
WE ASSUME NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY WITH REGARD TO ANY THEFT, LOSS, ALTERATION OR MISUSE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION OR OTHER INFORMATION WHICH WE LAWFULLY PROVIDE TO THIRD PARTIES, OR WITH REGARD TO THE FAILURE OF ANY THIRD PARTY TO ABIDE BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY OR ANY AGREEMENT BETWEEN THAT THIRD PARTY AND SIRIUS XM OR YOU.  Please refer to our Customer Agreement and our Website Terms of Use for additional Disclaimers of Warranties and Limitations on Liability.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold with someone else?
Your privacy preferences will be applied to all other persons sharing the same account information.
I use Twitter.  What should I know about specifically, when I engage with Twitter while in the SiriusXM app or streaming online?
If you use Twitter, you are bound by the Twitter Terms of Service located at http://twitter.com/tos (“Twitter TOS”).  If you use Twitter while you are using our technology and streaming services, we expect you to be in full compliance with the http://twitter.com/tos (“Twitter TOS”).  If our Internet Radio service (“streaming”), our streaming applications, or other technology allow you to create content or post content to the Twitter service, then you will be bound by the Twitter privacy policy located at http://twitter.com/privacy(“Twitter Privacy Policy”), and the Twitter Rules located at http://twitter.com/rules(“Twitter Rules”).  If Twitter determines that you are not in compliance with the Twitter TOS, Twitter Rules or Twitter Privacy Policy, or you are using Twitter in a manner that is otherwise harmful to the content, to Twitter or its licensors or users, or their reputations, then Twitter will notify us and require us immediately to terminate your access to and continued retention of Twitter data and we will remove it, or temporarily block your access to our service while we address the issue.
I use other interactive Services.  What should I know about specifically, when I interact with these Sites while in the SiriusXM app or streaming online?
Interactive Services:  We are not responsible for material submitted to us or posted to the Sites by users (“user content”).  We have no obligation to pre-screen, monitor, review or edit any user content.  We, or our designees, have the right (but not the obligation) in our sole discretion to refuse or remove any user content that, in our judgment, does not comply with this Policy or is otherwise undesirable, inappropriate or inaccurate.  User content you view, submit or post is at your own discretion and risk, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such user content.  User content does not necessarily reflect the views of Sirius XM.  We may preserve user content and may disclose user content if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to (i) comply with legal process; (ii) enforce our Customer Agreement and our Website Terms of Use; (iii) respond to claims that any user content violates the rights of third parties; or (iv) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Sirius XM, our users or the public.
You agree not to post user content which is harassing, abusive, vulgar, hateful, defamatory, sexually explicit, inflammatory, profane, racially or ethnically objectionable, religious or political, or that encourages inappropriate or unlawful conduct or imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the Sites or otherwise interferes with the Sites or infringes the rights of any third party.  We may, at our sole discretion, immediately terminate your access to the Sites should your conduct fail to conform to this agreement.  We do not solicit nor do we wish to receive any confidential, secret or proprietary information or other material through the Sites or mail, or in any other way.  Any user content posted on the Sites or material submitted or sent to us will not be confidential or secret.  By posting user content, or sending any other material to us (“material”), you represent and warrant that the material is original to you and that no other party has any rights to the material and you grant us the royalty-free, unrestricted, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive and fully sub-licensable right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display such material (in whole or part), including any information, suggestions, ideas, drawings or concepts contained in such material, worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed.  You are and will remain responsible for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality, decency, or any other aspect of such material.
OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
COOKIES
We and our service providers collect and store information about usage of the Sites and Services through cookies, log files and other tracking technology. Session ID cookies are essential to monitoring the performance of, maintaining security, and making it possible for you to navigate the Sites.  A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser and does not reactivate.  We use persistent cookies to differentiate users of the Sites, to conduct research, to customize the content of certain sections of the Sites and to enable us to enhance and personalize the Sites and the Services to the interests of users. A persistent cookie remains on your device for a period of time.  You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser's “help” file. Deletion of these types of cookies may result in reduced functionality of the Sites and the Services.
We use service providers to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet, including on third party websites.  We may also serve online targeted advertising on our own behalf.  We or our service providers may collect information related to advertising through the use of pixel tags or cookies. The information collected through this technology is pseudonymous and does not identify you as a particular person.  This information is used as part of the ad-serving process for reporting, and to select and direct the ads you see online.  You may find more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this pseudonymous information used by third-party service providers at www.networkadvertising.org/choices.
"Do Not Track" Settings.
Some third party advertising entities may place cookies, tags, and other electronic tracking methods on your device to collect pseudonymous information, and then may use information about your visits to the Sites and other websites in order to provide ads on the Sites about products and services that may be of interest to you.  Our Sites do not currently respond to web browser settings for “Do Not Track.”  There are other methods you can use to tell us and third party online advertising networks about your online tracking choices.  Since we use the standard “privacy” feature of major browser applications to store data about your visit to the Sites, you may configure your browser to allow cookies to be set on your computer only to the level of your comfort.  If you reject all cookies, you may not be able to use certain features of the Sites, including setting your favorite channels, storing items in your shopping cart, or entering sweepstakes or contests.  YOU MAY OPT OUT OF HOW COMPANIES UNAFFILIATED WITH US (SEE LIST HERE AT WWW.SIRIUSXM.COM/YOURADCHOICES) USE TRACKING TOOLS AND COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION WHILE VISITING OUR SITES BY VISITING EACH OF THEIR PRIVACY POLICIES AND FOLLOWING INSTRUCTIONS THERE.
We also use outside ad-serving companies to serve ads to you when you interact with one of the location-based services used by retailers or our advertising agents recognized by your mobile device, such as in a retail store which sells satellite radios.  The information that such agents collect and share with us is pseudonymous.
Internet-enabled devices:  HTML5 Cookies.
Sirius XM may use HTML5 or “Media Stamp” technology provided by Ringleader Digital, a form of information collection that is locally stored  on your device and does not rely on traditional browser cookies.  HTML5 is used as a substitute for traditional cookies that often do not function well on mobile devices and may follow a user across websites. Please see your device’s browser’s help function or support area about your choices to clear such locally stored cookies.
“TRACKING” YOUR ACTIVITIES ACROSS DEVICES AND APPS
We receive Listener Usage Data automatically from Internet-enabled devices. If you have a Sirius XM account, we may match the Listener Usage Data we receive to the device or devices associated with your account and thereby with you or your household.  We use this personal information along with cookie information to enhance our services and your experience with the Services, for troubleshooting and research, and for Sirius XM and third party targeted advertising. You may use multiple devices to access our Service, such as a vehicle’s enabled radio, a smartphone, a personal computer at home, a tablet, a wearable device, or a television.  More than one device can be associated with you as a user or with your household. Your choice of “do not track” must be exercised on each device separately.  Completing the opt-out process on one device will not cause you to be opted out of targeted advertising collection and use on other devices attributed to you or your family.  Mobile app opt-outs do not affect cookie-based data, while browser-based opt-outs do not affect mobile app and cross-app data.  Also, mobile app opt-outs are limited to a specific device, while browser-based opt-outs are limited to a specific browser.  In addition, choice mechanisms may be presented to you, as you move about the web, but they will be limited to the companies participating in any particular program.
The Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) makes tools available for consumers to register their choices not to be tracked by participating advertising networks or companies in the collection and use of your online activities.  These are (1) The DAA Consumer Choice Page for Mobile Web (at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ ) and (2) DAA AppChoices (at http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices), which is a mobile app that allows you to opt out of the collection and use of cross-app data, other than for permitted uses, by listed third-party AppChoices participants.  You have the ability to opt out of mobile-app targeted advertising ads from any or all of the listed participating advertising networks.  You can download the free mobile app from an app store available on your mobile platform.
DISCLAIMER:  WE DISCLAIM ALL RESPONSIBILITY AND LIABILITY ASSOCIATED WITH AND RELATED TO THE ACCURACY, AVAILABILITY, FUNCTIONALITY AND RELIABILITY OF THIRD-PARTY NOTICES AND CHOICE MECHANISMS.  WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACTS AND NONCOMPLIANCE OF OTHERS.
CAMERAS, MICROPHONES
Internet-enabled Devices:  Adobe Flash Player Access to Camera and Microphone, if you use Internet Explorer.
If you stream our Service on our online media player while using the Internet Explorer browser, it will use Macromedia's Adobe Flash Player.  In the Adobe Flash Player Global Privacy Settings menu is a cautionary statement that we may have access to the camera and microphone of your Internet-enabled device.  The Flash Player advises you that websites such as ours must ask your permission before using your camera or microphone.   Sirius XM does not access or use your camera or microphone, even if you select “Allow” in the Adobe Flash Player settings.
LOCATION & USAGE DATA – NOTICE & CHOICE:
If you access the Services through an Internet-enabled device with geo-location capabilities, including certain Sirius XM radios which are enabled radios, or permit another person to do so, we automatically collect Listener Usage Data and Vehicle Radio Usage Data, where applicable, about your use of the Services, which may include your fine or rough location.
Your fine location:
The geo-location tools on your enabled radio identifying your fine location allow us to provide a number of features in our Service for your benefit.  Your use of the features may be viewed and collected by us, to help personalize your experience with our Service.  We may maintain your fine location and rough location in our databases, so that over time we can better predict and support your traffic patterns, and provide suggestions for improved routing, among other things.  The geo-location tools in your enabled radio may be disabled in your radio’s SiriusXM System Settings.
If your enabled radio has geo-location tools, we will provide you with a notice at the Welcome Screen prior to your first use.  By choosing “LISTEN NOW,” “PROCEED TO USE,” or similar, you consent to us having access to your fine location until you take action to disable the geo-location tools.  If you disable location tools and continue to use our Traffic, Travel Link and related Services while driving, we will be unable to provide you with the optimal functionality of these Services.
Your rough location:
For Internet-enabled devices, our Service will automatically collect and we will receive information on your device’s rough location , and we may use it to comply with our contractual arrangements which restrict our sending certain programming channels outside of defined areas, such as when you want to listen to our streaming service while in another country.  We may also use your rough location to provide infotainment services to your vehicle if you use such services. You may not disable our collection of your rough location.
Your uses of our Service:
We may share your location and usage data with our affiliates who may use the data for research, analysis, and product development, or for other business purposes.  You may not disable the collection of Listener UsageData or Vehicle Radio Usage.
Using the Service Outside the United States:
If we receive information on your device’s location indicating that you are outside the United States, we may block your access to our Service from that device.
You may have the power to take control of how your telecommunications provider and providers of "applications" on your mobile device track your rough location.  However, Sirius XM must track that you are attempting to use our Service while you are outside of the United States and from a mobile device.  You cannot restrict the collection of your IP address.  When you are outside the United States, we will use it only to allow or deny access to geo-restricted content within our Service.  If you disable the geo-location tools on your device and no other method of determining your location is available to us to determine that you are within our Service, then you will not have access to the geographically restricted channels on your Internet-enabled devices regardless of your location.
QR Codes:
We may also collect information about you whenever you deliberately interact with one of our ads containing a quick response (“QR”) code, follow instructions to send a text, visit a URL, or when you otherwise interact with our agents’ location-based services through retail store visits or through your smartphone or other Internet-enabled device (referred to here as “Interactive Responses”).  When you use Interactive Responses, our retailer and advertising agents will know that you’re interested in receiving information about us, and they may send you ads and offers about our hardware and services.
GIVEAWAY PROMOTIONS OR SURVEYS.
From time to time we may provide you the opportunity to participate in a sweepstakes, contest, in-studio event, giveaway, survey, or other promotion, which might be sponsored or conducted by Sirius XM or third parties.  If you participate, we will request certain personal information from you.  Participation in these promotions is voluntary and you will have a choice whether or not to disclose this information.  Except as explained otherwise in the Official Rules for a particular promotion, any personal information you provide will be used in accordance with this Policy.  If there is a third party involved, please make sure to review their privacy policy.  In addition, from time to time you may be able to participate in our surveys to help us improve our Service. DO YOU COLLECT INFORMATION ABOUT CHILDREN?
We do not intend to and do not knowingly collect information from children.  You must be at least eighteen (18) years old to purchase a subscription to our Service, to register online for our Service, or to participate in our games, contests, and promotions.  If you are a minor (under the age of 18), please do not submit any personal information to us.  Absent verifiable parental consent, we do not knowingly collect, maintain, or sell products or services to people under the age of 18 or use personal information from the Sites or our Service about children under the age of 18.  However, if a child who we know to be under the age of 18 sends personal information to us online, we may use that information to notify that child’s parents or seek verifiable parental consent to further interact with that child.
GOVERNING LAW.
We control and operate the Sites from the United States.  The Sites are not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States.  We do not represent or warrant that the Sites are appropriate for use in any particular jurisdiction.  Those who choose to access the Sites or use our Service do so at their own initiative and are responsible for complying with all applicable laws, rules and regulations.  The interpretation and enforcement of this Policy shall be governed by the rules and regulations of the State of New York and other applicable United States federal laws.
SIRIUS XM RADIO IS CONTROLLED AND OPERATED FROM THE UNITED STATES.  THE SITES AND SERVICE ARE INTENDED FOR USE AND VIEWING IN THE UNITED STATES ONLY AND BY U.S. RESIDENTS ONLY.  ACCORDINGLY, THIS POLICY, AND OUR COLLECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, IS GOVERNED BY U.S. LAW.  IF YOU ACCESS OR PROVIDE INFORMATION TO THE SITES OR OUR SERVICE FROM OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES, YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO THE COLLECTION, PROCESSING AND USE OF SUCH INFORMATION IN THE UNITED STATES BY SIRIUS XM AND ITS AGENTS.  WE DO NOT INTEND TO COLLECT OR STORE PERSONAL INFORMATION FROM CONSUMERS OR USERS WHO ARE RESIDENTS OF COUNTRIES OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES.
NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES.
We may revise and update this Policy at any time without notice for any or no reason, including if our practices change, if technology changes, or as we add new services or change existing ones. These privacy practices apply to past, current and potential future subscribers who purchase and use our products and services. An update to the Policy will be reflected in a change in the Effective Date.   By using a Site or our Service after the Effective Date, you are deemed to consent to our then-current Privacy Policy.  We recommend that you visit this Policy on a regular basis to ensure that you are familiar with its current terms.
TERMS USED WITHIN THIS PRIVACY POLICY:
360L:  The service we provide to certain radios (referred to as “360L radios” herein) utilizing a combination of the Sirius XM satellite network and a wireless Internet connection.
Connected Vehicle Services:   Services -- which may include safety, diagnostic, convenience and remote services -- that are delivered to vehicles and drivers across a wireless communications network utilizing a device or application installed in the vehicle.
Customer Agreement and Website Terms of Use:   Subscribers and other visitors to and users of our websites and the Service are also subject to our Customer Agreement and our Website Terms of Use.  Any terms used and not defined in this Policy have the meanings set forth in our Customer Agreement and our Website Terms of Use, if defined there.
enabled radio:  Sirius XM radios which have an ability to receive radio content and transmit information via a modem installed in the vehicle, including radios known as 360L models. Enabled radios present a message to the
geo-location:  In connection with a radio, information about the precise geographical location of a radio.  In connection with Listener Usage Data, information about the precise geographical location of an enabled radio, app, or entertainment product which incorporates SiriusXM technology.
Internet-enabled device:  A device used to listen to our Service via the Internet, including desktop computers and mobile devices. Internet-enabled devices may include enabled radios in vehicles.
joint marketing:  An agreement between unaffiliated companies that agree to market products and services to you.  An example is automakers and dealerships.
Listener Usage Data:  Information about the usage of  a Sirius, XM, SiriusXM, or other radio, app, or entertainment product, which incorporates Sirius XM technology or accesses Sirius XM content, including which content is listened to or watched.  Examples are listening time, content, channel preferences, downloads, Tune Starts, Pause during sports, time of day use, On Demand use via the SiriusXM app, marine or aviation weather data services used, driving patterns and conditions, as well as videos viewed and duration of viewing.
Personal Subscription Information:  Information that individuals provide during the subscription, registration, or other purchase process that on its own or in combination with other information can identify a person, such as a name, address, credit card number, telephone number, or email address.
Service(s):  Our satellite radio service, streaming service, and any other service we offer such as traffic, weather (including marine and aviation), data and infotainment.
Sirius XM:  Sirius XM Radio Inc.
Sites:  Websites operated by or on behalf of Sirius XM, as well as our online media player, our mobile applications (the SiriusXM Apps for mobile devices), enabled radios (including those enabled with 360L), and any other technology through which our Services can be enjoyed such as third-party hardware for the home, applications, and radios.
third-party service providers:  Companies unaffiliated with Sirius XM that provide services to Sirius XM, a customer, or a user of our Sites, Service, or a vehicle.
unaffiliated:  Companies or individuals that are not affiliates of Sirius XM, such as retail stores and websites owned and operated by merchants on which advertisements for Sirius XM products or services may appear.
Vehicle Radio Usage:  Information about an identified or identifiable individual’s interactions with an enabled radio in a particular vehicle, including Listener Usage  Data.
You:  Visitors to or users of a Site or our Service.
THANK YOU FOR CHOOSING SIRIUSXM.
© 2020 Sirius XM Radio Inc.  SiriusXM, Pandora and all related logos are trademarks of Sirius XM Radio Inc. and its respective subsidiaries.  All rights reserved.
Sus Derechos bajo la Ley de Privacidad de Consumidores de California
¿PORQUE ESTAMOS PROVEYENDO ESTA POLÍTICA?
Esta Política de Privacidad aplica a su suscripción de prueba, pagada, u otra suscripción a nuestro servicio de radio satélite, y cualquier otro servicio que le ofrecemos como tráfico, de tiempo (incluyendo marítima y aviación), data y infoentretenimiento (colectivamente referido a nuestro “Servicio(s)”).  Este Política también aplica a cualquier otra visita a o uso de nuestros sitios de web operado en o para Sirius XM, como también nuestro tocador de media en línea, nuestras aplicaciones móviles , radios compatibles según definidos abajo,, y cualquier otra tecnología en la cual nuestros Servicios pueden ser acezados como hardware de partes terceras para la casa, aplicaciones y radios (colectivamente, el “Sitio”).
Esta política le provee con información de que data es coleccionada por Sirius XM Radio Inc. (“Sirius XM” o “nosotros”) cuando usted visite el Sitio o usa nuestros Servicios, incluyendo en su vehículo, o cuando usted compra productos de nosotros o nuestros agentes.  Cuando usted visite otros sitios de web que no son de u operados por Sirius XM usted pude ver anuncios para nuestros productos y servicios como anuncios de “banner”.  Si usted interactúa con esos anuncios, usted será gobernados por esta Policita..
Esta Política está disponible en español.  Dado las diferencias menores en el lenguaje, la versión en inglés prevalecerá y será vinculante, aunque una versión en español está disponible.
RESUMEN: ¿QUE INFORMACION ESTA CUBIERTA POR ESTA POLÍTICA?
Cubierto:  Los tipos de información que recopilamos y compartimos dependen del producto o servicio particular que tenga con nosotros. Esta información puede incluir:
información que recopilamos a través de la utilización de productos o servicios particulares y de tecnología ;
la información que usted decide revelar voluntariamente a nosotros, tal como su nombre, dirección, número de teléfono, dirección de correo electrónico e información de tarjeta de crédito;
la información que recibimos por medio de su uso de los medios sociales y nuestras aplicaciones en los medios sociales vinculados a nuestro Sitio Web;
la información que recibidos mediante su uso de nuestros servicios de radio internet en un dispositivo con internet o mediante de radios SiriusXM cuales están configurados para el uso de Comunicaciones bi-direccionales (“radios habilitados”) por un módem instalado en el vehículo, como los radios 360L (“radios habilitados”; y
Información suplementaria de usted que obtenemos de otras fuentes.
No Cubierto:  La recopilación, compartir y uso de su información por o dado a cualquier de las subsidiarias de SiriusXM es gobernado por la política de privacidad de esa subsidiaria.   (1) A la medida que usted es dueño u opera un vehículo con capacidad de “Connected Vehicle Services” ofrecido bajo la marca de Sirius XM o provisto por SiriusXM ”Connected Vehicile Services” como SiriusXM Guardian, dichos servicios “Connected Vehicle Services” pueden recolectar y usar información personal sobre usted y su vehículo (“Información Colectada CVS”).  Los Connected Vehicle Services operan independientemente de su radio Sirius XM o suscripción de servicio de data y hardware, y se gobiernan bajo sus propias políticas de privacidad.  Información Colectada CVS no está cubierta bajo esta Política.  Por favor verifica su manual de dueño de su vehículo o la política de privacidad del servicio respectivo del programa Connected Vehicle Services para más información sobre sus prácticas de colección u uso de data. (2) A la medida que usted use o se suscribe a los servicios de “streaming” de Pandora® o interactúan con eventos u otros servicios provistos por Pandora Media LLC (“Pandora”), información que Pandora colecciona y usa, comparte o vende, no está cubierto bajo esta Política. Por favor véase la política de privacidad de Pandora, disponible a www.pandora.com/privacy, para más información sobre las prácticas de colección y uso de data de Pandora.
Aquí se incluye un resumen de las varias razones de porque podemos compartir su información y si usted puede limitar este compartir.  Por favor lea la Política completa para los detalles completos de nuestras practicas de recopilación, uso y compartir.
¿Como Se Comparte La Información?
Nosotros tenemos que compartir su información según sea necesario para operar nuestro negocio.
Para nuestro propósito comercial diario – para proveer servicio al cliente, mantenimiento, o otros funciones de nuestro negocio o para los Servicios o el Sitio, para proveerle los Servicios o para otros servicios provistos mediante nuestros afiliados; para ayudar personalizar su experiencia escuchando, conduciendo u operando; para la venta, facturación, operaciones, contabilidad, correos electrónicos relacionado al servicio o a su cuenta; correo postal y llamadas telefónicas; para realizar estudios de clientes, para mejorar los productos o servicios existentes o desarrollar nuevas.    ¿Nosotros Compartimos? Si. ¿Usted Puede Solicitar Que Nosotros Paremos de Compartir?  No, usted no puede parar esta divulgación.
Para nuestros propósitos de mercadeo – para ofrecer extensiones de servicios, nuevos productos o servicios, para enviar información sobre ofertas especiales, promociones o información que creemos te pueda interesar, para realizar estudios de mercado; para anuncios de productos y Servicios de SiriusXM. ¿Nosotros Compartimos? Si. ¿Usted Puede Solicitar Que Nosotros Paremos de Compartir?  No, usted no puede parar esta divulgación, pero si nos puedes decir sus preferencias de contacto preferidos.
Para la comercialización conjunta de proveedores y tiendas de venta al por menor, o para ofertas de terceros – para ofrecer oportunidades o información; enviar información sobre productos, servicios u oportunidades de nuestros agentes, como fabricantes de automóviles o detallistas de radios por satélite, o para otros servicios de vehículos. ¿Nosotros Compartimos? Si. ¿Usted Puede Solicitar Que Nosotros Paremos de Compartir?  Si, usted puede parar esta divulgación.
Para mercado de terceros – para proveer anuncios de terceros adaptados a sus interese o sitios web o aplicaciones operados por SiriusXM; o para monitorear y controlar la entrega de anuncios, el rendimiento y frecuencia.  Nosotros Compartimos? Si, nosotros podemos compartir. ¿Usted Puede Solicitar Que Nosotros Paremos de Compartir?  Si, usted puede tener la habilidad de limitar la información que compartimos para el mercadeo de terceros. Por favor véase la sección de “Cookies” abajo, y Sus Derechos bajo la Ley de Privacidad de Consumidores de California donde sea válido.
SUS OPCIONES PARA LIMITAR NUESTRO USO Y DIVULGACION DE SU INFORMACION
Su dirección postal y de correo electrónico:¿
Conéctate en línea a http://www.siriusxm.com/contactus y sigue las instrucciones
Llámanos al 1-888-539-SIRIUS (1-888-539-7474), o 1-800-XM-RADIO (1-800-967-2346)
Solicitudes que no le envíen correos electrónicos: sigue las instrucciones incluidas en la parte da debajo de cada correo electrónico de mercadeo o de noticias o vaya al Centro de Preferencia en SiriusXM Newsletter a www.siriusxm.com/emailpreferences.
Solicitudes de “No enviar Correo” deberán ser renovados cada tres (3) años si usted prefiere no recibir material de mercadeo.
Sus opciones para no ser rastreado en línea (“tracking”):
Nuestros Sitos actualmente no responden a las “Herramientas” de su Navegador de Internet de que no se pueda rastrear sus actividades en línea.  Hay otros métodos que usted puede usar para decirnos y a redes terceros de mercadeo en línea sobre sus opciones de rastreo de mercadeo. Usted puede escoger no participar en como compañías no afiliado con nosotros (vea lista aquí en www.siriusxm.com/youradchoices) usan herramientas de rastreo y coleccionan su información mientras visitando nuestros Sitios visitando cada una de sus políticas de privacidad y siguiendo las direcciones ahí descritas.  Usted también puede usar dos herramientas disponibles por la Alianza de Publicidad Digital para registrar sus preferencia sobre la colección y uso de su data en los sitios móviles y por distintos sitios y aplicaciones para publicidad dirigida en línea visitando a: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ y http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices.
Sus opciones para no ser rastreado mientras usa nuestro Servicio:
En este momento, usted no puede desactivar la recopilación de data de uso de Oyente o Usuario de Radio Vehicular de su uso de nuestro reproductor de media en línea, nuestras aplicaciones móviles, y nuestros radios habilitados.  Usted tampoco  puede restringir nuestro recopilación  de su dirección IP (su “ubicación aproximada”).  Usted no puede inhabilitar nuestra recopilación de los seudónimos de los IDs de sus dispositivos móviles para su dispositivo móvil; sin embargo, usted puede reiniciar y cambiar su ID de dispositivo móvil a su discreción mediante las configuraciones localizados en su dispositivo móvil.  Por favor refiérase a la información provista por el manufacturado de su dispositivo móvil.
Sus opciones de no ser ubicada según usted use nuestro Servicio por su radio configurado:
Si usted está usando un radio habilitado para recibir los Servicios, ,  las herramientas de geolocalización en su radio configurado, identificando su latitud y longitud (su “localización exacta”), puede ser desactivado mediante las Configuraciones de Sistema de SiriusXM de su radio. Escogiendo “ESCUCHA AHORA” (“LISTEN NOW”), PROCEDA A USAR (“PROCEED TO USE”) o similar, usted está de acuerdo con que Sirius XM tenga acceso a su localización exacta hasta que usted toma acción y deshabilita las herramientas de geolocalización.  Si usted deshabilita las herramientas de geolocalización y continúa usando nuestros servicios de Trafico, Travel Link y servicios relacionados mientras esta guiando, nosotros no podremos proveer con el funcionamiento óptimo de estos Servicios. Otros radios que no sean los radios habilitados no identifican o transmiten la localización exacta de su vehículo.
Su número de teléfono (para llamadas de ventas de telemercadeo):
Solicitudes de “No Llamar”: Usted puede añadirse a la lista de no-llamar (“do not call”) de SiriusXM llamando a 1-866-303-5603.
Si hay una campaña de llamadas en progreso, es posible que usted continúe siendo contactado mientras su petición es procesada.  Por favor conceda hasta un máximo de treinta días para que su solicitud tome efecto.  Es posible que tengamos más de un número de teléfono asociado con usted o con los miembros de su familia, de forma que, por favor sea especifico en cuanto a cuáles números de teléfono usted nos solicita que no llamemos.  Independientemente del hecho de que sus números de teléfono aparezcan en nuestra lista como “no-llamar,” es posible que utilicemos ese número de teléfono para llamarle referente asuntos relacionados con el servicio y con su cuenta.  Usted puede leer más sobre nuestra política de “no llamar” en http://www.siriusxm.com/donotcall.
DERECHOS Y OPCIONES DISPONIBLES PARA RESIDENTES DE CIERTOS ESTADOS
Residentes de California:  Sus derechos de salirse (“opt-out”) de una venta potencial de su información personal: Su información personal puede ser vendido (según cada termino es definido bajo el Código Civil de California §1798) por SiriusXM para otros negocios para los propósitos de mercadeos de ellos, o como un intercambio para alguna manera de consideración para nuestro negocio.  Si usted es un residente de California, usted tiene el derecho de decirnos, en cualquier momento, que no vendemos su información personal, a la medida que si lo hacemos. Para salirse (“opt-out”) de la venta de su información personal, visite “Do Not Sell My Info.” En adición, bajo el Código Civil de California § 1798.130, usted tiene derecho a ciertas divulgaciones, que se pueden ver aquí.
Mercado de terceros: Bajo el Código Civil de California § 1798.83, los residentes de California pueden solicitar cierta información sobre categorías de información personal compartida por Sirius XM con terceros no afiliados para los usos de mercadeo de esos terceros durante el año calendario previo y los nombres de esos terceros.  Sirius XM no comparte su información personal (Según definido bajo esa sección) con terceros para sus propósitos de mercadeo directo al menos que usted específicamente lo escoge (“opt-in”), o ha sido ofrecido la oportunidad de salirse (“opt-out) en el momento que usted proveyó su información personal o solicito a los Servicios y escogió no salirse (“opt-out”).  Para hacer una solicitud bajo § 1798.83 a Sirius XM, por favor escriba a Siriux XM, Attn: Departamento Legal – CA Solicitud de Privacidad, 1221 Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor, New York, NE 10104.  Solicitudes que vienen a Sirius XM por otros medios puede resultar en una respuesta tardía.
Residentes de Nevada:
Si usted reside en Nevada, usted puede poner límites a la venta de cierta información personal a terceros para la reventa o para propósitos de licenciamiento, sujeto a las leyes vigentes.  Sirius XM no “vende” (según definido bajo las Estatutos Revisados de Nevada Capitulo 603A) su información personal. Usted tiene el derecho de registrar su preferencia sobre los límites de dichas ventas en el futuro mediante el envió de un correo electrónico a privacy@siriusxm.com, con las palabras “Nevada Do Not Sell Request” (Nevada – Solicitud de No Venta) en el asunto con su primer nombre y apellido, código postal, y si usted es o fue un suscriptor de Sirius XM.  Si usted fue o es un suscriptor de Sirius XM, para poder procesar tu solicitud, su dirección electrónica deberá ser igual al correo electrónico en su cuenta.
Su información personal se debe mantener al día:
Usted es responsable de mantener su información de contacto al día y correcta.  Si por cualquier razón a usted le preocupa que la información personal que nosotros tenemos de usted no es la correcta, o si usted desea cambiar o actualizar su información de contacto, favor vaya a Sirius XM Listener Care en línea a http://www.siriusxm.com/contactus, para entrar a su cuenta y manejarla allí.  Si no le es posible manejar su cuenta en línea, por favor llámenos al 1-888-539-SIRIUS (1-888-539-7474) o 1-800-XM-RADIO (1-800-967-2346).
RESIDENTES EU
El uso del Sitio y Servicio de Sirius XM es diseñado para suscriptores, de prueba o pagado, que son residentes de los Estados Unidos solamente.  No tratamos de recolectar, y no guardamos con conocimiento, información personal de consumidores o usuarios que son residentes de países fuera de los Estados Unidos.  Nosotros podemos recolectar información anónima asociado con un dispositivo para poder limitar la distribución territorial de nuestros Servicios, , pero no asociamos dicha información con el dueño del dispositivo o residencia de cualquier país en particular.
RECLAMACION DE PRIVACIDAD
Sus preocupaciones sobre la privacidad son importantes para nosotros.  Todas las quejas relacionadas con la privacidad se deben hacer primero a través de nuestro proceso interno de resolución de quejas mediante la presentación de una queja por escrito a través de correo directo a:
Jefe Oficial de Privacidad
Sirius XM Radio Inc.
8550 Freeport Parkway
Irving Texas 75063
O por correo electrónico a: privacy@siriusxm.com
Información personal sensitiva no debe ser enviada por correo electrónico.
ESO FUE EL RESUMEN. AHORA AQUI ESTAN LOS DETALLES:
SiriusXM recopila, usa, obtiene y comparte información de y sobre usted, incluyendo su información personal y seudónima. La colección, uso, obtención y compartir están descritas en esta política.  Por favor, véase lo de abajo para disposiciones adicionales, según requerido bajo la ley de su estado.
Sus Derechos de Privacidad bajo Leyes Estatales
Residentes de California:
Sus derechos bajo el Código Civil de California § 1798.83 (Ley “Shine the Light”): Nosotros solamente compartimos información personal (según definido bayo la “Ley de Shine the Light” ) con terceros para sus propósitos de mercadeo directo si usted específicamente opta por participar, o si se le ofrece la oportunidad de optar por no participar (“opt-out”)  y escoge no optar por no del compartir en el momento que usted provee su información personal o cuando usted escoge participar en este característica del Servicio.  Si usted no opta por participar o usted opta por no participar en ese momento, no podemos compartir su información personal con el tercero identificado para propósitos de mercadeo directo. Usted puede solicitar cierta información sobre las categorías de información personal compartido por SiriusXM con terceros no afiliados para sus propósitos de mercado durante el año calendario y los nombres de dichos terceros. Para hacer su solicitud, por favor escriba a Sirius XM, Attn: Departamento Legal – CA Solicitud de Privacidad, 1221 Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor, New York, NE 10104.  Solicitudes que vienen a Sirius XM por otros medios puede resultar en una respuesta tardía.
Sus derechos bajo el Código de Negocios y Profesiones de California § 22575(b) (“No Rastrear” en las configuraciones de su Navegadora): Usted tiene derecho de saber cómo nosotros respondemos a la configuración de “No Rastrear” en su navegador.  Como muchos otros sitios web y servicios en línea, nosotros actualmente no cambiamos nuestras practicas cuando recibimos señales de No Rastrear y no hay un consenso entre participantes de la industria lo que significa “No Rastrear” en este contexto. Para más información sobre “No Rastrear,” usted puede visitarnos en www.allaboutdnt.com/.
Sus derechos bajo la Ley de Privacidad de Consumidores del 2018 de California (CCPA):  Si usted es un residente de California, el CCPA requiere que le proveemos cierta información sobre sus derechos y sobre  información personal que nosotros recolectamos, vendemos y revelamos según definido bajo el CCPA para propósitos de negocios.  Para ver esta información, visítanos al Derechos bajo la Ley de Privacidad de Consumidores de California. Residentes de Nevada:
Sus derechos bajo los Estatutos Revisados de Nevada Capitulo 603A.   Si usted es residente de Nevada, usted puede imponer límites a la venta de cierta información personal hacia terceros para su reventa o para propósitos de licenciamiento, sujeto a la ley aplicable.  Sirius XM no “vende” su información personal (según devenido bajo los Estatutos Revisados de Nevada Capitulo 603A) para cualquier uso.  Usted tiene el derecho de registrar su preferencia para los límites de dichas ventas en el futuro mediante el envío de un correo electrónico a privacy@siriusxm.com, con la línea de sujeto, “Nevada Do Not Sell Request” conjunto con su primer nombre y apellido, código postal y si usted es un suscriptor actual o un  antiguo suscriptor  de Sirius XM.  Si usted es un suscriptor antiguo o actual de Sirius XM, para poder procesar su solicitud, su correo electrónico deberá ser igual al correo electrónico en su cuenta.
¿Cómo Sirius XM recopila mi información?
Información Personal. Recogemos la información que usted nos proporciona cuando usted comienza el proceso de comprar productos de nosotros (incluso cuando se abandona la transacción) y al suscribirse y / o usar nuestro Servicio a través de cualquier Sitio disponible para hacerlo.  Esta información se mantendrá en nuestros registros, lo que le permitirá gestionar sus propias cuentas y suscripciones en el Centro de Cuentas In Línea, y ponga futuras compras sin la necesidad de volver a introducir la información.  Nosotros podemos recibir información personal como su nombre, dirección, correo electrónico y/o teléfono por un fabricante o distribuidor en conexión con su compra de un vehículo con una suscripción introductoria o de prueba al Servicio.  Nosotros también podemos recibir su nombre y correo electrónico de otras fuentes asociado con su vehículo.
De su uso de aplicaciones de los medios sociales vinculados a nuestros Sitios web, nuestro reproductor de medios o nuestras aplicaciones móviles, nosotros también podemos recibir su información personal o identificador de medios sociales, en conjunto con su correo electrónico, su información de perfil, sus intereses, gustos y cualquier otra información que nosotros especificamos antes en el lugar de recolecta.
Los Sitios también puede ofrecer servicios interactivos, como el chat, los foros y tablones de anuncios. Por favor, recuerde que cualquier información que usted revele en estas áreas se convierte en información pública y usted debe tener cuidado cuando decida revelar información personal en estas áreas. El uso de los servicios interactivos en nuestros Sitios está sujetos a esta Política.
Su voz. Nosotros podemos hacer grabaciones de interacciones de voz (“transcripciones de voz”) cuando los oyentes usan una característica de voz con nuestro servicio. Nosotros coleccionamos y retenemos transcripciones de voz en las instancias necesarias para propósitos de procesamiento para entender la pregunta o intenciones del oyente (“preguntas de voz”) y para proporcionar la experiencia correcta. Usted no puede accesar las transcripciones de voz de las preguntas de voz. Acceso esta limitado a los empleados de producción e ingeniería quienes requieren acceso a las transcripciones de voz para propósitos de negocio incluyendo depuración (“debugging”) para mejorar la experiencia del oyente para hacer preguntas de voz y para aprender más sobre la acción tomada por los oyentes luego de las preguntas de voz.
Si hacemos una transcripción de voz de sus preguntas de voz, nosotros podemos   usar  tecnología de reconocimiento de voz propiedad de Google para procesar peticiones de voz y texto a voz. Nosotros compartimos esta data de voz solamente con Google, y solamente como descrito aquí.  Google devuelve los resultados a Sirius XM para proveer el contenido o tomar las acciones que ustedes solicitaron.  Nosotros y Google, también podemos coleccionar y usar la data de voz para los propósitos delineados en nuestras respectivas políticas de privacidad, incluyendo seguro de calidad y para optimizar el producto y experiencia del usuario.  Para más información, por favor revise la Política de Privacidad de Google y esta Política en detalle.
Información seudónima. Nosotros automáticamente recibimos ciertos tipos de información cuando sea que usted interactúa con nosotros mediante su pagina de internet, su dispositivo móvil, o por su radio habilitado de su vehículo.  Esta información es seudónima en que está asociado con unos identificadores únicos que no puede identificarlo directamente sin la suma de cualquier otra información para hacerlo información personal.  Nosotros podemos recopilar información de sus interacciones con nuestro Sitios y Servicios mediante identificadores seudónimos asignados a su computadora o dispositivo móvil, y podemos rastrear sus interacciones con el Sitio, los términos de búsqueda usted entra mientras esta en nuestros Sitios y su dirección IP (su localización aproximada), el sistema operativo, su navegador y el proveedor de Internet que usted usa, y su localización exacta.
Nosotros recibimos información seudónima sobre sus interacciones con el contenido que usted escucha o ve de la tecnología habilitada de Internet que usted usa para accesar nuestros Servicios (“Data de Uso del Oyente”). Si su vehículo tiene un radio habilitado, Sirius XM y nuestros proveedores de servicio coleccionarán su Data de Uso del Oyente y otra data relacionado al uso de un radio habilitado (“Data de Uso del Radio Vehicular”).  Nosotros no tenemos la habilidad de proveerle acceso, parar la recopilación, o de borrar el Data de Uso del Oyente o el Data de Uso del Radio Vehicular, que recopilamos de dispositivos que no están asociados con una suscripción de prueba o pagado, o donde usted esta usando nuestro Servicio durante nuestros periodos de “escuchar gratis”.  Si usted tiene una cuenta de SiriusXM, nosotros podemos emparejar su información personal a su Data de Uso del Oyente o su Data de Uso de Radio Vehicular para mejorar su perfil, en ese momento su Data del Uso de Oyente ya no es seudónimo y se maneja como información personal.
Cuando usted activa el modo de “Incognito” en nuestra aplicación móvil para la transmisión nosotros podemos continuar recopilando su Data de Uso del Oyente para su experiencia con la aplicación; pero no lo usaremos para nuestros propósitos de mercado y no lo compartiremos para propósitos de mercadeo.
Nosotros usamos “cookie” y características como “cookies” de los navegadores de internet mas usados y otros mecanismos que capturan data que nos permite archivar data seudónima sobre su visita a los Sitios y sobre su uso de la aplicación de los medios sociales para accesar nuestro Sitio.  Por favor véase nuestra sección sobre Cookies abajo, para más información.
Información Complementaria. Podemos complementar la información que usted nos proporcione, o que podamos obtener de su uso de nuestro Servicio -- ambos personal y seudónima-- mediante la adquisición información demográfica y de mercadeo de terceros para ayudarnos a mejorar nuestro servicio.. Podemos emparejar dicha información de terceros a su información personal, y lo utilizamos para mejorar el contenido de los Sitios o de nuestro Servicio o para informarle acerca de los productos o servicios que creemos serán de su interés, y para publicidad dirigida en línea. Parte de esta información, puede incluir: su género, edad, el estado civil, la educación y la ocupación, número de teléfono, dirección de correo electrónico, dirección postal, el tamaño de su familia y sus ingresos, el número de conductores en su hogar; la marca, el modelo y la edad de su coche, la marca, el modelo y las características de su sistema de audio, si usted posee o arrienda su vehículo, información sobre su viaje y la cantidad de tiempo que pasa manejando, y sus músicos favoritos y tipos de música.
¿Cómo Sirius XM usa y comparte mi información personal?
Nuestro Uso.  Nosotros usamos información personal e información seudónima que recopilamos sobre usted  para propósitos comerciales nuestros tales como, para (i) proveer y mejorar los Sitios y nuestro Servicio, (ii) ejercer nuestro Acuerdo con el Cliente y nuestros Términos de Uso del Sitio Web, según aplique, el cual gobierna su Servicio SiriusXM, (iii) ofrecerle extensiones de servicio o nuevos productos y servicios, (iv) enviarle o proveerle en línea, información sobre productos, servicios, ofertas especiales, promociones o información que pensemos le pueda interesar a usted  (v) realizar investigación de mercado y (vi) para entregar y monitorear el rendimiento de la publicidad dirigida o conductual .
Nosotros utilizamos la información que recopilamos de nuestro Servicio y de los Sitios, para administrar los Sitios, mejorar nuestros productos y nuestro Servicio, determinar cómo nuestro Servicio, los Sitios, y su radio configurado de su vehículo está siendo utilizados, para identificar, diagnosticar y manejar asuntos técnicos afectando los Servicios, identificar áreas populares de los Sitios y analizar las tendencias y los patrones de uso del Servicio y de los Sitios. Nosotros también podemos usar su información para varias razones, incluyendo para evaluar la efectividad de nuestros esfuerzos en los medios sociales y aplicaciones, de nuestro reproductor de medios o aplicaciones móviles, otros Sitios, para monitorear información para propósitos de estadísticas, para personalizar su experiencia auditiva, y para mejorar los productos y servicios que ofrecemos. Si usted usa los Servicios por medio de un radio habilitado en su vehículo, nosotros podemos, usar su localización de su vehículo, para que dentro de un tiempo podemos identificar la recepción de la señal u otros asuntos técnicos con el Servicio, o para mejor predecir y darles apoyo a sus patronos de tráfico y proveerle sugerencias para mejores rutas.  Véase “Data de Localización y Uso – Notificación y Opciones” más abajo.
Nosotros también podemos utilizar la información que recopilamos de sus instrumentos de geolocalización en su ordenador o dispositivo móvil, o en su radio configurado de su vehículo, para responder a sus solicitudes de información y para personalizar nuestro Servicio y nuestras comunicaciones. Esto puede incluir nuestra enviando mensajes de textos cortos en su teléfono inteligente u otro dispositivo móvil si usted nos da su consentimiento expresa para recibirlos.
Teléfono:   Al registrarse en los Sitios o al suscribirse a nuestro Servicio y al proveer su número de teléfono o al comprar o alquilar un vehículo con una suscripción de cortesía de nuestro Servicio incluido, usted está de acuerdo que dicha acción constituye una relación de negocios existente entre nosotros para propósitos de las leyes de telemercadeo.  No obstante, del hecho que el teléfono de su casa y/o teléfono móvil esté en la lista del Registro de-No-Llamar federal (“Federal Do-Not-Call Registry”) o el registro Estatal de No-Llamar de su jurisdicción, nosotros podemos contactarlo relacionado a esta relación de negocio existente utilizando la información que usted nos ha provisto o que hayamos obtenido para suplementar la información que usted nos ha ofrecido.  Usted nos debe informar si no desea recibir llamadas a un número de teléfono en particular.  Esto significa que nosotros le podemos contactar por teléfono excepto que esté prohibido por la ley aplicable.  Nosotros no le contactaremos por medio de un mensaje de teléfono pregrabado con una solicitación, a menos que tengamos su consentimiento expreso de antemano por escrito o gravado, como es requerido por la ley federal, o a menos que sea para el envío de un anuncio importante referente al Servicio o a su cuenta.  Es posible que le enviemos mensajes de texto si usted ha acordado recibirlos, a pesar de que cargos puedan ser facturados por su proveedor de telecomunicaciones y para asegurarnos que cumplimos con las leyes aplicables.
Correo Electrónico: Nosotros también le podemos enviar información u ofertas de vez en cuando a la dirección electrónica que teneos en el archivo. Nosotros continuaremos enviando notificaciones importantes relacionadas a su Servicio o cuenta a su correo electrónico, aunque usted nos indique que no quiere recibir correos electrónicos de mercadeo de parte de nosotros.
Correo:   Nosotros también le podremos enviar información u ofertas de vez en cuando a la dirección postal que tenemos en el archivo.  Solicitudes de “No Enviar Correo” deberán ser renovados cada tres (3) años si usted prefiere no recibir materiales de mercadeo.  Nosotros continuaremos enviando notificaciones importantes relacionadas a su Servicio o cuenta a su dirección postal, aunque usted nos indique que no quiere recibir correos electrónicos de mercadeo de parte de nosotros.
Al Aire:   Si usted nos provee información cuando solicite una canción u otro contenido para ser reproducido en el Servicio, podremos utilizar la información provista por usted de acuerdo con esta Política, inclusive para anunciar su nombre y petición al aire.
Promociones:   Si usted provee su nombre para una oferta de promoción o para participar en una lotería o concurso y usted gana un premio, nosotros podremos publicar su nombre en una lista de ganadores en línea, y someteremos su nombre con las agencias estatales, de ser requerido por ley.
Proveedores de servicios.  Nosotros trabajamos con terceros para realizar funciones para usted o nosotros, como proveedores de servicios.  Nuestros proveedores de servicio pueden tener acceso a su información identificable personalmente para realizar sus funciones, pero no pueden utilizarla para otros propósitos.   Nosotros utilizamos a terceros proveedores de servicios para procesar pagos usando su información de tarjeta de crédito (o hacer ajustes apropiados a tales pagos) por cualquier producto pagado y servicio que usted haya autorizado.  Nosotros no proveemos su información sobre tarjeta de crédito a ninguna tercera parte, excepto cuando sea necesario para procesar y atender una transacción.
Afiliados.  Nosotros podemos compartir información personal o seudónima con nuestras afiliadas para desarrollar y mejorar nuestros Servicios y sus servicios a usted y para mercadear sus productos y servicios que pueden ser de interés para usted.
Publicidad. Podemos usar y compartir su información seudónima con servidores y plataformas, agencias de publicidad y otras entidades de publicidad para proveer anuncios en el Sitio, en el contexto de los Servicios y en las páginas web de terceros.  Por favor véase la sección de Cookies más abajo para más información sobre la tecnología que puede ser usado por nosotros en nuestros anuncios a usted y por terceros en nuestro Sitio.  La información recopilada y compartida con la tecnología para proveer anuncios es usado como parte de proceso de proveer anuncios para reportar, y para seleccionar y dirigir los anuncios que usted ve en línea en los Sitios o entregado mediante el Servicio, y no contiene su nombre, dirección, número de teléfono o correo electrónico.
Ofertas de Terceros.  Nosotros podremos compartir información personal e información demográfica sobre usted con terceros que pueden usar esta información para enviarle ofertas especiales o promociones u otra información que consideremos pueda ser de su interés.  Estos pueden utilizar su dirección de correo electrónico, dirección postal o número de teléfono.  Usted puede escoger que no compartimos su información para ofertas de terceros.
Otros Usos.  Nosotros podremos utilizar su información personal para contactarle sobre nuestro Servicio o para otros propósitos en los cuales usted haya expresado interés.
Anuncios Relacionados a Servicios.  Nosotros también podemos proveerles anuncios relacionados a servicio y a su cuenta.  Por ejemplo, si su servicio es suspendido temporeramente debido a mantenimiento o si la entrega de un servicio o producto es retrasada o si hay algún otro asunto con el servicio relacionado a un producto o servicio que usted haya ordenado le podríamos enviar un correo electrónico u otro mensaje.  Independientemente del hecho de que su número de teléfono de su hogar y/o número de teléfono móvil esté en la lista del Federal Do-Not-Call Registry o el registro Estatal de No-Llamar de su jurisdicción, nosotros podemos utilizar la información que usted nos ha provisto, para anuncios relacionados con el servicio o con la cuenta. Usted puede optar por no recibir estas comunicaciones no-promocionales relacionadas a su suscripción u orden.  Si usted no desea recibir estas comunicaciones, usted tiene la opción de cancelar su suscripción u orden, contactándonos.
Circunstancias Excepcionales.  Si Sirius XM o cualquiera de sus divisiones, subsidiarias o compañías afiliadas es vendida o terminada, ya sea por una fusión, venta de activos u otro evento similar, es posible que la base de datos relevante de Sirius XM, sea transferida, completa o parcialmente, como parte de la transacción.  Por lo tanto, información relacionada con nuestros suscriptores, usuarios de los Sitios y de nuestro Servicio, incluyendo información personal, podría ser divulgada como parte de cualquier fusión o adquisición, o de la creación de un negocio separado para proveer los Sitios, o nuestro Servicio, o la venta de los activos de la compañía, así como en caso de insolvencia, quiebra o fideicomiso (“receivership”) en el cual información personal  podría ser transferida como uno de los activos de la compañía.
Es posible que tengamos que divulgar información personal de ser requerido por ley o si creemos de buena fe que dicha divulgación es necesaria (a) en conformidad con la ley o para cumplir con el proceso legal impuesto a nosotros o para responder a un pedido valido y autorizado por ley de las agencias de seguridad o autoridades gubernamentales; (b) para aplicar nuestro Acuerdo de Cliente y  nuestro Términos de Uso de la Web, incluyendo cualquier investigación de potenciales violaciones a éste; (c) para proteger y defender nuestros derechos o propiedad o los derechos o propiedad de nuestros empleados, agentes, contratistas u otros usuarios del Servicio o Sitios; o (d) para actuar bajo circunstancias excepcionales para proteger la seguridad personal de los usuarios de nuestra página en línea, de nuestro Servicio o los Sitios o del público.
¿Cómo Sirius XM protege mi información personal?
Nuestros Sitios tienen seguridad la cual está diseñada para proteger su información.  Cuando usted provee información personal de su vehículo, su información personal, incluyendo su número de tarjeta de crédito, número de teléfono y correo electrónico nunca se guardan en el vehículo. Usamos una variada combinación de medidas de seguridad para salvaguardar la confidencialidad de la información identificable personalmente que usted nos provee.
Nuestros Sitios puede contener vínculos a otros sitios web.  Tenga en mente que nosotros no controlamos y no somos responsables de las prácticas de privacidad o seguridad ni del contenido de estos otros sitios de web.
Puede ser que retengamos su información personal luego que usted termine su suscripción con nosotros para propósitos internos de manejo de cuentas, para resolver disputas, vigilar nuestro Acuerdo con el Cliente y nuestro Términos de Uso del Sitio, y por requerimientos técnicos y legales y por restricciones relacionado a la seguridad, integridad y operación de los Sitios y el Servicio.  Nosotros también podemos retener su información personal para asistirnos y usted con su próxima suscripción y experiencia como cliente o para desarrollar o mejorar nuestros Servicios.
NOSOTROS NO ASUMIMOS NINGUNA RESPONABILIDAD POR EL ROBO, PERDIDA, ALTERACIóN O USO INDEBIDO SOBRE EL USO DE INFORMACIóN PERSONALMENTE IDENTIFICABLE O CUALQUIER OTRA INFORMACIóN QUE LEGALMENTE PROVEEMOS A TERCEROS O RELACIONADO A LA FALLA DE NINGUN TERCERO DE ADHERIRSE A ESTA POLÍTICA DE PRIVACIDAD O ACUERDO ENTRE DICHO TERCERO, SIRIUSXM O USTED. Por favor refiérase a Acuerdo con el Cliente y nuestro Términos de Uso del Sitio para renuncias adicionales de garantías y limitaciones de responsabilidad.
¿Qué sucede cuando limito el uso compartido de una cuenta que tengo con alguien más?
Sus preferencias de privacidad aplicarán a todas las demás personas que comparten la misma información de cuenta.
Yo uso Twitter. ¿Qué debo conocer específicamente cuando uso Twitter mientras estoy en el app de SiriusXM o lo estoy “streaming” en línea?
Si usted usa Twitter, usted está obligado bajo los Condiciones de Servicio de Twitter localizado en el https://twitter.com/tos?lang=es (“Condiciones de Twitter”).  Si usted usa Twitter cuando usted use nuestra tecnología y servicios de “streaming”, nosotros esperamos que usted este en cumplimiento con https://twitter.com/tos?lang=es (“Condiciones de Twitter”).  Si nuestro servicio de Radio por Internet ( “streaming”), nuestras aplicaciones de “streaming”, o cualquier otro tecnología deja que usted crea contenido o que postea contenido al servicio de Twitter, entonces usted será obligado por la política de privacidad de Twitter localizado en el https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=es (“Política de Privacidad de Twitter”), y las Reglas de Twitter localizado en el https://support.twitter.com/articles/72688# (“Reglas de Twitter”).  Si Twitter determina que usted no está en cumplimiento con las Condiciones de Twitter, las Reglas de Twitter o la Política de Privacidad de Twitter, o que usted está usando Twitter en una manera que es dañina al contenido, a Twitter o a sus licencias o usuarios, o sus reputaciones, entonces Twitter nos notificará y requerirá que inmediatamente termine su acceso a y retención continua de data de Twitter y nosotros lo removeremos o bloquearemos temporeramente su acceso a nuestro servicio en lo que manejamos el asunto.
Yo uso otros Servicios interactivos. ¿Qué debo conocer específicamente, cuando yo interactuó con estos sitios mientras uso el app de SiriusXM? o “streaming” en línea
Servicios Interactivos:   Nosotros no somos responsables por material sometido a nosotros o posteado a los Sitios por usuarios (“contenido de usuario”). Nosotros no tenemos obligación de examinar, monitorear, revisar o editar cualquier contenido de usuario. Nosotros, o nuestros designados, tienen el derecho (pero no la obligación) a nuestra única discreción a rechazar o remover cualquier contenido de usuario que, a nuestro juicio, no cumple con esta Política o que de otra forma es no deseable, inapropiado o inexacta. Contenido de usuario que usted vea, somete o postea es a su única discreción y riesgo, incluyendo cualquier confianza en la veracidad, integridad o utilizad que usted le da a dicho contenido de usuario. El contenido de usuario no necesariamente refleja las opiniones de Sirius XM Radio Inc. o sus afiliados. Nosotros podemos guardar el contenido de usuario y podemos divulgar el contenido de usuario si somos requerido por ley o por nuestra creencia en buena fe  que dicha divulgación es razonablemente necesario para (i) cumplir con un proceso legal; (ii) hacer cumplir nuestro Acuerdo del Cliente y nuestro Términos de Uso del Sitio; (iii) responder a reclamos que cualquier contenido viola los derechos de terceros; o (iv) proteger los derechos, propiedad, o seguridad personal de Sirius XM Radio Inc. o sus afiliados, nuestros usuarios o el público.
Usted acepta no publicar contenido de usuario que es abusivo, vulgar, odioso, difamatorio, sexualmente explícito, infamatoria, profano, racial o étnicamente objetable, religioso o político o que alienta a inadecuados o conducta ilícita o impone una carga irrazonable o desproporcionada en los Sitios o de otra forma interviene con los Sitios o infringe en los derechos de un tercero.  Nosotros, en nuestra única discreción, podemos inmediatamente terminar su acceso a los Sitios si su conducta no cumple con este acuerdo.  Nosotros no solicitamos ni deseamos recibir cualquier información confidencial, secreta o propietario o cualquier otro material por medio de los Sitios o correo, o de cualquier otra forma.  Cualquier contenido de usuario publicado en los Sitios o material sometido o enviado a nosotros será decretado no ser confidencial o secreto.  Cuando usted publica contendido de usuario, o envié cualquier otro material a nosotros (“material”), usted representa y garantiza que el material es original a usted y que ningún otro tercero tiene derecho al material y usted le concede a nosotros el derecho y licencia sin regalías, sin restricciones, mundial, perpetua, irrevocable, no exclusivo y completamente sublicenciable para usar, reproducir, modificar, adaptar, publicar, traducir, crear obras derivadas, distribuir, realizar y mostrar dicha material (entero o en partes), incluyendo cualquier información, sugerencias, ideas, dibujos o conceptos contenidos en dicha material, mundialmente y/o para incorporar en otros obras en cualquier forma, media o tecnología conocido o a desarrollarse en un futuro.  Usted es y permanecerá responsable por la veracidad, cumplimiento con licencias de autor, legalidad, decencia y cualquier otro aspecto de dicho material.
Otra información de importancia:
COOKIES
Nosotros y nuestros proveedores de servicio recopilamos y compartimos información sobre el uso de los Sitios y los Servicios mediante “cookies”, archivos de registro, y otra tecnología de rastreo.  Los “cookies” de identificadores de sesión son esenciales para monitorear el desempeño del, mantener la seguridad y lo hace posible que usted navega a los Sitios.  Un cookie de identificadores de sesión expira cuando usted cierra su navegador y no se reactiva.  Usamos los “cookie” persistentes para diferenciar los usuarios de los Sitios, para hacer investigaciones, y para personalizar los Sitios y los Servicios a los intereses de los usuarios.  Los “cookie” persistente permanece en su disco duro por un periodo extendido de tiempo.  Usted puede remover “cookies” persistentes siguiendo las instrucciones provistas en la sección de “ayuda” (“help”) de su navegador de Internet.  Borrar estos tipos de cookies puede resultar en una disminución de rendimiento del Sitio y los Servicios.
Nosotros usamos proveedores de servicios para proveer anuncios para nosotros por el Internet, incluyendo en páginas de web de terceros.  Nosotros también podemos hacer publicidad dirigida online para nuestros propósitos.  Nosotros o nuestros proveedores podemos recopilar información relacionado a publicidad mediante el uso de etiquetas de píxel o cookies.  La información recopilada mediante esta tecnología es seudónima y no lo identifica como una persona particular.  Esta información es usada como parte del proceso de proveer anuncios para reportaje, y para seleccionar y dirigir los anuncios que usted ve en línea. Usted puede encontrar más información sobre estas prácticas y para conocer sus opciones de que no se use esta información seudónima por terceros proveedores de servicio en www.networkadvertising.org/choices.
Configuraciones de "No Rastrear".
Algunos de las entidades terceros de publicidad pueden poner cookies, etiquetas, y otros métodos de rastreo electrónica en su dispositivo para recopilar información seudónima, y luego entonces pueden usar esa información sobre sus visitas a los Sitios y a otros sitios para proveerle anuncios en los Sitios sobre productos y servicios que le pueden ser de interés.  Nuestros Sitios actualmente no responden a las configuraciones de su navegador de “No Rastrear.” Hay otros métodos que usted pueda usar para decirnos y a las redes de mercadeo en línea de terceros sobre sus opciones escogidas de rastreo en línea.  \
Como usamos la configuración estándar de “privacidad” de las aplicaciones de las Navegadores más comunes para guardar data sobre su visita a los Sitios, usted puede configurar su Navegador para permitir “cookies” para que estos se configuren en su computadora solamente al nivel que usted está cómodo.  Si usted rechaza todos los “cookies”, usted no podrá usar algunos de las partes de los Sitios, incluyendo configurando su canal favorito, guardando artículos en su carrito de compra, o registrarse en un sorteo o concurso.  USTED PUEDE ESCOGER SALIRSE DE COMO LAS COMPANIES NO AFILIADAS CON NOSOTROS (VEASE LA LISTA AQUI EN WWW.SIRIUSXM.COM/YOURADCHOISES) USAN HERRAMIENTAS DE RASTREO Y RECOPILAN SU INFORMACION MIENTRAS USTED VISITA NUESTRO SITIO VISITANDO CADA UNO DE SUS POLÍTICAS DE PRIVACIDAD Y SIGUIENDO LAS INSTRUCCIONES AHI DESCRITAS.
También usamos empresas de ad-server para la proveerlo con anuncios cuando usted interactúa con uno de los servicios basados ¿¿en localización usado por nuestros minoristas o nuestros agentes de publicidad reconocido por su dispositivo móvil, como en una tienda minorista que vende radios satelitales. La información que estos agentes recopilan y comparten con nosotros es seudónima.
Dispositivos habilitados para Internet:  HTML5 Cookies.
SiriusXM puede usar HTL5 o tecnología “Media Stamp” provisto por Ringleader Digital, una forma de recopilar información que se guarda localmente en su dispositivo y que no depende de un navegador tradicional de cookies.  HTML5 se usa como un sustituto de cookies tradicionales que muchas veces no funcionan bien en dispositivos móviles y pueden segur a un usuario por los sitios.  Por favor véase las funciones de ayuda en el navegador de su dispositivo o el área de soporte sobre sus opciones para limpiar los cookies guardados localmente.
“RASTREO” DE SUS ACTIVIDADES POR MEDIO DE SUS DISPOSITIVOS, Y APPS
Nosotros recibimos Data de Uso del Oyente automáticamente de dispositivos habilitados para Internet.  SI usted tiene una cuenta de SiriusXM, nosotros podemos emparejar el Data de Uso del Oyente que recibimos al dispositivo o dispositivos asociados con su cuenta y por lo tanto con usted o su hogar.  Nosotros usamos esta información personal junto con la información de cookie para mejorar nuestros servicios y su experiencia con los Servicios, para resolver problemas y hacer investigaciones, y para anuncios dirigidos de SiriusXM o de terceros. Usted puede usar múltiples dispositivos para accesar a nuestro Servicio, como un radio configurado de un vehículo, un móvil inteligente, su computadora personal en su casa, una tableta, un dispositivo portátil, o un televisor.  Mas de un dispositivo puede ser asociado con usted como usuario o con su casa.    Su preferencia de “no rastreo” debe ser ejercido en cada dispositivo por separado. Completar el proceso de salirse “opt-out” en un dispositivo no causara que estas opt-out de la recopilación de anuncios dirigidos y su uso en otros dispositivos atribuidos a usted o a su familia.
Las aplicaciones móviles de “opt-out” no afectan data basados en cookies, mientras “opt-outs” de los Navegadores no afecta la data de las aplicaciones de los móviles y las aplicaciones interconectadas.  También, las aplicaciones móviles de “opt-out” son limitados a un dispositivo específico, mientras “opt-outs” de los Navegadores son limitados a un Navegador en específico.   En adición, mecanismos para escoger puede ser presentado a usted, mientras navega por el web, pero serán limitados a las compañías participando de cualquier programa en particular.
La Alianza de Publicidad Digital (“DAA” por sus siglas en inglés) hace disponibles herramientas para que consumidores puedan registrar sus preferencias para no ser rastreado por las redes de publicidad o compañías participantes que recopilan y utilizan sus actividades en línea. Estas son (1) “The DAA Consumer Choice Page for Mobile Web” (localizado en: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/) y (2) DAA “AppChoices” (localizado en: http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices), que es un aplicación móvil que deja que usted “opt-out” de la colección y uso de data entre las aplicaciones, excepto para usos permitidos, por participantes de AppChoices. Usted tiene la habilidad de “opt out” de anuncios de aplicaciones móviles de publicidad dirigida de cualquier o todos do las redes publicitarias participantes. Usted puede descargar libre de costo la aplicación móvil de una tiende de aplicaciones en su programa de operación de su móvil.  .
RELEVO DE RESPONSABILIDAD: NOSOTROS NOS RELEVAMOS DE CUALQUIER RESPONSIBILIDAD ASOCIADO CON LA CERTEZA, DISPONIBILIDAD, FUNCIONAMIENTO Y CONFIANZA DE NOTIFICACIONES DE TERCEROS Y MECANISMOS PARA ESCOGER.  NOSOTROS EXPRESAMENTE DECLARAMOS QUE NO SOMOS RESPONSABLE POR LOS ACTOS Y LA FALTA DE CUMPLIMIENTO DE OTROS.
CÁMARAS, MICRÓFONOS
Dispositivos Configurados para Internet:  Acceso de Adobe Flash Player Access a la Cámara y Micrófono, si usted usa Internet Explorer.
Si usted escucha nuestro Servicio en nuestro reproductor de medios en línea mientras está usando el navegador Internet Explorer, este va a utilizar Macromedia’s Adobe Flash Player. En el menú de Configuración de Privacidad Global de Adobe Flash Player hay una declaración de advertencia que podemos tener acceso a la cámara y el micrófono de su dispositivo configurado para Internet. El Flash Player le informa que los sitios web como el nuestro deben pedir permiso antes de utilizar la cámara o el micrófono. Sirius XM no accesa o utiliza la cámara o el micrófono, sin importar si selecciona "Permitir" (“Allow”) en la configuración de Adobe Flash Player.
LOCALIZACIÓN Y USO DE DATA – NOTIFICACION Y OPCIONES:
Si usted accede a los Servicios mediante un dispositivo habilitado para Internet con capacidades de geolocalización, incluyendo ciertos radios SiriusXM que son radios habilitados, o permite que otra persona lo haga, nosotros podemos recopilar automáticamente Data de Uso del Oyente y Data del Uso de Radio Vehicular, donde aplica, sobre su uso de los Servicios, que puedan incluir su localización exacta o aproximada.
Su localización exacta.
Las herramientas de geolocalización en su radio configurado que identifica su localización exacta nos permiten poder proveerle un numero de funciones en nuestro Servicio para su beneficio.  Su uso de estas funciones puede ser visto y recolectado por nosotros, para ayudarnos a personalizar su experiencia con nuestro Servicio.  Podemos mantener su localización exacta y localización aproximada en nuestros archivos de data, para que al paso del tiempo podemos mejor predecir y apoyarlo en sus patrones de tráfico, y proveer sugerencias para mejorar sus rutas, entre otras cosas.  Las herramientas de geolocalización en su radio configurado pueden ser desactivado en las Configuraciones de Sistemas de SiriusXM de su radio.
Si su radio configurado tiene las herramientas de geolocalización, nosotros le proveemos con un aviso en la Pantalla de Bienvenida antes de su primer uso.  Cuando escoja “ESCUCHA AHORA,” “PROCEDE A USAR,” o algo similar, usted está de acuerdo de que nosotros tengamos acceso a su localización exacta hasta que usted toma acción para desactivar las herramientas de geolocalización.  Si usted desactiva las herramientas de localización y continúa usando nuestros Servicios de Trafico, Travel Link y otros relacionados mientras guías, nosotros no podemos proveerle con la función optima de estos Servicios.
Su localización aproximada:
Para dispositivos configurado para el internet, nuestro Servicio automáticamente recopila y nosotros vamos a recibir información sobre la ubicación aproximada de su dispositivo, y podemos usarlo para cumplir con nuestros arreglos contractuales que restringen nuestro enviar canales de programación determinados fuera de las áreas definidas, tal como cuando se desea escuchar a nuestro servicio de radio por Internet, mientras esta en otro país. Nosotros también podemos usar su localización aproximada para proveerle servicios de infoentretenimiento a su vehículo su usted usa dichos servicios.  Usted no pude desactivar nuestra recopilación de localización aproximada.
Su uso de nuestro Servicio:
Nosotros podemos compartir su localización y su data de uso con nuestros afiliados quien pueden usar la data para investigaciones, análisis, desarrollo de productos, u otros propósitos de negocios.  Usted no puede desactivar nuestra recopilación del Data de Uso  del Oyente o Data de Uso del Radio  Vehicular.).
Usando el Servicio Fuera de los Estados Unidos:
Si nosotros recibimos información de la localización de su dispositivo que indica que usted está fuera de los Estados Unidos, nosotros podemos bloquear su acceso a nuestro Servicio.
Usted puede tener el poder de tomar el control de cómo su proveedor de telecomunicaciones y los proveedores de "aplicaciones" en su dispositivo móvil dan un seguimiento de su localización aproximada. Sin embargo, Sirius XM debe rastrear que está intentando de utiliza nuestro Servicio mientras se encuentra fuera de los Estados Unidos desde un dispositivo móvil. Usted no puede restringir la recopilación de su dirección IP. Cuando usted está afuera de los Estados Unidos, nosotros solamente lo usaremos para permitir o denegar acceso a contenido geográficamente restringido dentro de nuestro Servicio. Si desactiva las herramientas de geolocalización en el dispositivo y no hay otro método para determinar si usted está dentro de nuestro Servicio, entonces usted no tendrá acceso a los canales geográficamente restringidos en sus dispositivos configurados para Internet, independientemente de su ubicación.
Códigos QR:
Nosotros también podemos recopilar información sobre si usted deliberadamente interactúa con uno de nuestros anuncios que contienen un código de respuestas rápida (“QR”), sigue instrucciones para enviarle un texto, visitar un URL, o cuando usted de otra forma interactúa con los servicios localizados de nuestros agentes por medio de una visita a una tienda al detal o por su teléfono inteligente o por otro dispositivo configurado por Internet (referido aquí como “Respuestas Interactivas”). Cuando usted use Respuestas Interactivas, nuestros detallistas agentes de publicidad sabrán que usted está interesado en recibir información sobre nosotros, y ellos pueden enviarle anuncios y ofertas sobre nuestro equipo y servicios.
PROMOCIONES SORTEO O ENCUESTASA
De vez en cuando podemos proveerle la oportunidad de participar en una lotería, concurso, evento en el estudio, regalo, encuesta u otra promoción que pueda ser auspiciada o conducida por Sirius XM o un tercero.  Si usted participa, le pediremos cierta información identificable personalmente.  La participación en estas promociones es voluntaria y usted tendrá la alternativa sobre si desea o no divulgar esta información.  Con excepción a lo indicado de otro modo en las Reglas Oficiales de la promoción en particular, cualquier información personal identificable que usted provea será utilizado de acuerdo con esta Política.  De haber una tercera parte auspiciadora envuelta por favor asegúrese de revisar su política de privacidad.  En adición, de vez en cuando usted puede participar en nuestras encuestas para ayudarnos a mejorar nuestro Servicio.
¿RECOGEN Información ACERCA DE LOS Niños?
No es nuestra intención y no recopilamos a sabiendas información de niños. Usted debe tener por lo menos dieciocho (18) años para poder comprar una suscripción a nuestro Servicios, para registrarse en línea para nuestro Servicio, o para participar en nuestros juegos, concursos y promociones.  Si usted es un menor (menor que la edad de 18), por favor no envié cualquier información personal a nosotros.
Sin el consentimiento verificable de sus padres, nosotros no a sabiendas recopilamos, guardamos o vendemos productos o servicios para personas menores de la edad de 18 o usamos información personal de los Sitios o de nuestro Servicio sobre niños menor de la edad de 18.  Sin embargo, si un niño que nosotros conocemos que es menor de 18 años nos envía información personal en línea, podemos usar esa información para notificar los padres de ese niño o verificar el consentimiento de los padres para poder interactuar con ese niño.
DERECHO APLICABLE
Nosotros controlamos y operamos los Sitios desde los Estados Unidos. Los Sitios no están diseñado para someternos a las leyes o jurisdicción de cualquier Estado, país o territorio que no sea el de los Estados Unidos. No representa ni garantiza que los Sitios son apropiado para su uso en cualquier jurisdicción en particular. Aquellos que decidan acceder a los Sitios o al uso del Servicio lo hacen bajo su propia iniciativa y son responsables de cumplir con todas las leyes, normas y reglamentos. La interpretación y aplicación de esta Política se regirá por las normas y reglamentos del Estado de Nueva York y otras las leyes federales aplicables de los Estados Unidos.
SIRIUS XM RADIO ESTA CONTROLADO Y OPERADO DESDE LOS ESTADOS UNIDOS. LOS SITIOS Y EL SERVICIO TIENEN EL PROPÓSITO DE SER UTILIZADOS Y VISTOS EN LOS ESTADOS UNIDOS EXCLUSIVAMENTE Y POR RESIDENTES DE LOS ESTADOS UNIDOS SOLAMENTE. POR LO TANTO, ESTA POLÍTICA Y NUESTRA RECOPILACINO, USO Y DIVULGACION DE SU INFORMACION PERSONAL SE GOBIERNA POR LA LEY DE ESTADOS UNIDOS. SI USTED ACCEDE O PROVEE INFORMACIÓN A LOS SITIOO O A NUESTRO SERVICIO DESDE FUERA DE LOS ESTADOS UNIDOS, USTED ENTIENDE Y CONSIENTE A LA RECOPILACIÓN, PROCESAMIENTO Y USO DE DICHA INFORMACIÓN EN LOS ESTADOS UNIDOS POR PARTE DE SIRIUS XM Y SUS AGENTES. NO ES NUESTRA INTENCION RECOPILAR O GUARDAR INFORAMCION PERSONAL DE LOS CONSUMIDORES O USUARIOS QUE SON RESIDENTES DE PAISES FUERA DE LOS ESTADOS UNIDOS.
NOTIFICACIÓN DE CAMBIOS OF CHANGES.
Nosotros podemos revisar y actualizar esta Política en cualquier momento sin avisarle, por cualquier o por ninguna razón, incluyendo si cambian nuestras prácticas, la tecnología, o si añadimos nuevos servicios o hacemos cambios a los servicios existentes.  Estas prácticas de privacidad aplican a los suscriptores pasados, actuales, y futuros que compren y usen nuestros productos y servicios.  Una actualización a esta Política será reflejada con un cambio en la Fecha de Efectividad.   Al hacer uso de nuestro Sitio o nuestro Servicio después de la Fecha de Efectividad, se entenderá que usted acepta la Política de Privacidad vigente en ese momento.  Le recomendamos que visite esta Política regularmente para asegurarse que está familiarizado con los términos actuales.
TERMINOS USADO DENTRO DE ESETA política DE PRIVACIDAD:
360L:  Los servicios que proveemos a ciertos radios (referidos aquí como “radios 360L”) utilizando una combinación de la red de satélite de Sirius XM y la conexión inalámbrica de Internet.
Acuerdo con el cliente y Condiciones de Uso:  Los suscriptores y otros visitantes a y usuarios de nuestros sitios web y el Servicio también están sujetos a nuestro Acuerdo con el Cliente y nuestro Términos de Uso del Sitio. Todos los términos utilizados y no definidos en la presente Política tienen los significados establecidos, si alguno, en nuestro Acuerdo con el Cliente y en nuestro Términos de Uso del Sitio.
comercialización conjunta: Un acuerdo entre compañías que no son afiliadas que estén de acuerdo en que la comercialización de productos y servicios a usted. Un ejemplo son los fabricantes de automóviles y los concesionarios.
Data de Uso del Oyente:  Información sobre el uso de Sirius, XM, SiriusXM, cualquier radio, app, o producto de entretenimiento que incorpora tecnología de Sirius XM o accede a contenido de Sirius XM, incluyendo el contenido que se escucha o se ve.  Ejemplos son tiempo del oyente, contenido, preferencia de canales, downloads, , Tune Starts, Pausas durante deportes, uso durante el día, uso de On Demand por el SiriusXM app, servicios de data de tiempo marítimo o aéreo usado, patronos y condiciones de guiar, y también videos vistos y duración de estar viéndolos.
Dispositivo configurado con Internet:  Un dispositivo que usted usa para escuchar nuestro Servicio por medio del Internet, incluye dispositivos móviles.  Un Dispositivo configurado al internet puede incluir radios configurados dentro de vehículos.
geolocalización: En conexión con un radio, información sobre la localización geográfica precisa de un radio.  En conexión con Data de Comportamiento de Oyente/Televidente/Suscriptor, información sobre la localización geográfica precisa de un radio configurado, app o producto de entretenimiento que incorpora la tecnología de SiriusXM.
Información Personal de Suscripción:  Información que individuos provén durante la suscripción, registración, u otro proceso de compra que por sí solo o en combinación con otra información pude identificar a una persona, como un nombre, dirección, número de tarjeta de crédito, número de teléfono o dirección de correo electrónico.
no afiliados:  Las empresas o individuos que no son afiliados a Sirius XM, como tiendas y sitios web propiedad de y operado por comerciantes en la que los anuncios de productos o servicios Sirius M pueden aparecer.
proveedores de servicios de terceros:  Compañías no afiliadas con Sirius XM que provee servicios a Sirius XM, un cliente, o un usuario de nuestros Sitios, Servicio o un vehículo.
radio configurado:  radios de Sirius XM que pueden recibir contenido de radio y transmitir información.
Servicio:  Nuestro servicio de radio satélite, servicio de radio Internet (“streaming”), y cualquier otro servicio que ofrecemos como tráfico, tiempo (incluyendo marítimo y aeronáutica), data y infoentretenimiento.
Servicios de Vehículos Conectados:   Servicios – que pueden incluir la seguridad, diagnostica, conveniencia y servicios remotos – que son entregados a vehículos y conductores por medio de una red de comunicaciones inalámbrico utilizando un dispositivo o aplicación instalado en el vehículo.
Sirius XM:  Sirius XM Radio Inc.
Sitos:  Sitios operado por o a nombre de Sirius XM, igual que nuestro tocador de media online, nuestras aplicaciones móviles (los Apps de SiriusXM para dispositivos móviles), radios configurados (incluyendo aquellos configurados con 360L) y cualquier otra tecnología por la cual nuestros Servicios pueden ser disfrutados como equipo de terceros para la casa, aplicaciones y radios.
Uso de Radio de un Vehículo: Información sobre las interacciones de un individuo identificado o identificable con un radio configurado en un vehículo particular, incluyendo Data de Uso del Oyente.
Usted:  Visitantes o usuarios de un Sitio o nuestro Servicio.
GRACIAS POR ESCOGER SIRIUSXM.
©2020 Sirius XM Radio Inc.  SiriusXM, Automatic, Pandora y todos los logos y marcas comerciales relacionados son de Sirius XM Radio Inc. y sus subsidiarias respectivas. Todos los derechos reservados.