https://sladmore.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
In line with government regulations regarding GDPR, below is The Sladmore Gallery privacy policy which outlines how we collect, store and process your data. If you have any questions, please contact us at data@sladmore.com
This policy applies to information on clients and prospective clients, suppliers and prospective suppliers, artists, contacts and all other persons about whom The Sladmore Gallery Ltd holds information.  By ‘information’, we mean personal information about you that we collect, use, share and store.
In this policy, “we,” “us,” and “our” means The Sladmore Gallery Ltd , a company registered in England and Wales with No 420 4164 01, and “you” means the individual to whom the information relates.
What we collect
your name;
your contact information such as your address, email address and telephone number;
information related to your attendance of, and interest in, events and art fairs;
information about you that you give us in person at our events and art fairs or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise; and
information concerning your purchase of our artwork or use of our services.
How we collect information about you
the information you provide to us when you purchase any artwork or visit us at each art fair;
the information you provide when you contact us by phone, email or post
the information you provide when handing your business card
the information you provide when making an enquiry through our website
What we do with the information we gather
We use your information to:
provide information about our artwork and services to you;
keep you informed about artwork, artists and events that we think you may find interesting;
carry out our obligations arising from any agreements entered into between you and us;
communicate with you;
administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
keep our site safe and secure;
comply with legal and regulatory obligations;
for security and to check your identity.
Legitimate interests
Where our processing is based on the legitimate interest grounds described above, those legitimate interests are:
to make sure you receive updated information on The Sladmore Gallery Limited’s business activities (exhibitions, new publications, news …);
to provide requested services;
Legal basis for processing
Our processing of your personal information is necessary:
For the performance of contracts to which you will be a party to and in order to take steps at your request prior to you entering into those contracts;
For the purposes of legitimate interests pursued by us; or
In order to comply with a legal obligation to which we are subject (for example, under the terms of the anti-money laundering regulation effective from 10 January 2020 we are required to keep a record of any Customer Due Diligence information we obtain on customers for a period of five years from the completion date of the transaction).
In relation to any processing of special categories of personal data, we will generally rely on obtaining specific consent from you at the time unless there is otherwise a legal requirement for us to process such information.
Sharing your information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
We may also share your personal information with:
law enforcement agencies, other governmental agencies or third parties if we are required by law to do so; and
selected services in relation to a purchase, such as art shippers and couriers, who will need an address for delivery
Our sister gallery, the Sladmore Contemporary, with whom we are in constant contact and organise a lot of events with
Constant Contact is our GDPR-compliant marketing automation platform and only has access to email addresses and no other data, you can see their Privacy Statement Policy here.
Your Rights
At any time, you have the right:
to request access to or a copy of any personal data which we hold about you;
to rectification of your personal data, if you consider that the information we are holding is inaccurate;
to ask us to delete your personal data, if you consider that we do not have the right to hold it;
to withdraw consent to our processing of your personal data (to the extent such processing is based on previously obtained consent);
to ask us to stop or start sending you marketing messages as described below in the marketing section;
to restrict processing of your personal data;
to data portability (moving some of your personal data elsewhere) in certain circumstances;
to object to your personal data being processed in certain circumstances; and
to not be subject to a decision based on automated processing and to have safeguards put in place if you are being profiled based on your personal data.
Any request from you for access to or a copy of your personal data must be in writing, and we will endeavour to respond within a reasonable period and in any event within one month in compliance with data protection legislation. We will comply with our legal obligations as regards your rights as a data subject.
We aim to ensure that the information we hold about you is accurate at all times. To assist us in ensuring that your information is up to date, do let us know if any of your personal details change at the following email address data@sladmore.com
Marketing
Where you are one of our clients or have otherwise agreed to be contacted for marketing, we may use your personal information to send you information about The Sladmore Gallery events, art fairs and works of art. You can unsubscribe from receiving them at any time, details of how to unsubscribe will be included in each electronic mailing we send you.
You also have the option of “unsubscribing” from our mailing list at any time thereby disabling any further such e-mail or other communication from being sent to you by emailing data@sladmore.com
We will action any opt-out request from you without delay.
How long will we keep your information?
We will only keep the information we collect about you for as long as required for the purposes set out above or as required to comply with any legal obligations to which we are subject. This will involve us periodically reviewing our files to check that information is accurate, up-to-date and still required. Some of the legal requirements to keep your data will be, for instance, dictated by the HMRC requirement to keep a record of all transactions for six years. Where we are permitted to send you direct exhibition information, new Sladmore publications and/or news, we may retain your contact information necessary for this purpose, for as long as you do not unsubscribe.  If you opt out of our  emails, we will retain your information to enable us to respect your wishes to not be contacted for marketing purposes.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to Other Sites
Our website may contain links to other sites, including via our social media buttons. While we try to link only to websites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the content, security, or privacy practices employed by other websites and a link does not constitute an endorsement of that website. Once you link to another website from our website you are subject to the terms and conditions of that website, including, but not limited to, its internet privacy policy and practices. Please check these policies before you submit any data to these websites.
Particular features of our site will allow for social networking. You should ensure when using these features that you do not submit any personal data that you do not want to be sent, collected or used by other users, such as profile details or e-mail address.
Complaints
Questions, comments and requests regarding this policy are welcomed and should be addressed to data@sladmore.com .
If you have any concerns about our use of your information, you also have the right (as a UK resident) to make a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office, which regulates and supervises the use of personal data in the UK, via their helpline on 0303 123 1113 or by filling a report here
Changes to this policy
Any changes we make to our policy in the future will be posted on this page. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our policy.
If you opt out from marketing emails, we retain the right to contact you directly in order to directly offer you our services or to inform you about a specific artwork.
If you do not wish to be contacted in this way or you wish to be permanently removed from our database, please contact us at data@sladmore.com
ArtworksExhibitionNotable SalesPublicationsFilmsAbout UsNewsSearchContact