https://slso.org/en/about-us/policies/privacy-policy/
SLSO Policies
Green Policy
Email Policy
Diversity Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy / Legal Disclaimer
This Privacy Policy was updated on June 21, 2018.
This privacy policy sets forth what information the St. Louis Symphony Orchestra (SLSO) collects about you, how we use, maintain and disclose your information, and the choices you have with respect to your information. Unless indicated otherwise, this policy applies only to personal information collected through this website, or mobile sites of the SLSO where this policy is displayed or linked by us (“our” or this “Site”).
What Information Do We Collect?
Information collected directly from you:
We collect personal information that you provide to us, including your name, shipping and billing address, telephone number, mobile phone number, email address, login and password, and information related to your purchase or donation, such as your credit or debit card information, and purchase or donation history.
Information collected automatically:
When you visit the Site, we may automatically collect information related to how you got to the Site, such as browser type and version, service-provider identification, IP address, the site from which you came, and the site to which you navigate after leaving this Site. This information is largely anonymous, as it does not contain your name, address, phone number, email address or other information that directly identifies you. However, we may associate this information with your personal information if you provide it.
When Do We Collect Your Information?
We collect information from you when you visit our Site, subscribe to our Eminder service, purchase a ticket or place an order, make a donation, subscribe to a newsletter or brochure, or enter information on our Site.
How Do We Use Your Information?
We may use the information we collect from you in the following ways:
To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To improve our website in order to better serve you.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To quickly process your transactions.
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products, services, or special offers.
Customers who provide us with telephone numbers may receive calls from us promoting season ticket sales or special offers. Should you wish to be removed from receiving calls, please notify us at info@slso.org or call the SLSO at 314-533-2500.
Who Do We Share Your Information With?
We may provide your information to third parties who provide services to us or on our behalf, such as:
Third Party Service Providers:
We use third-party vendors to help handle parts of our business because of their expertise, resources, or scale. We may use third parties to help us provide support to the internal operations of the Site (i.e, hosting and designing our Site, sending out email updates about the Site, or removing repetitive information from our user lists). They help us do things like monitor site activity and provide analysis of website use, and improve services. These service providers may have access to personal information in order to provide these support services such as analyzing site data, but when this occurs, we implement reasonable contractual and technical protections to limit their use of that information to help us provide the service.
Other St. Louis non-profits:
We occasionally share our address list with other St. Louis non-profit organizations.  We never share email addresses or telephone numbers. If you wish for us not to share your address with another non-profit, please notify us at info@slso.org or call the SLSO at 314-533-2500.
Law Enforcement:
We may disclose specific information about our Site visitors if we have a good-faith belief that it's necessary or authorized under the law to protect our customers, the public, or our business.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at info@slso.org, call the SLSO at 314-533-2500, or follow the directions at the bottom of the email and we will promptly remove you from our emailing lists. If you do not want to receive mailed brochures or special offers, or to be removed from our calling list, please send an email with your request to info@slso.org or call the SLSO at 314-533-2500.
Third Party Services and External Sites
Once you leave our Site or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy. When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements as well.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's or mobile device’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved offerings. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since each browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
We also use cookies and Google Analytics to better your experience with the Site.  Google Analytics is a web analysis services provided by Google.  Google utilizes the data collected from our Site, through cookies and similar technology, to track and examine the use of the Site, to prepare reports on these activities, and share them with us.  We use these cookies and Google Analytics information to improve the delivery and performance of our Site by:
Better understanding how you use our Site;
Detecting and defending against fraud and other security risks; and
Better presentation of advertisements, products, and/or services of interest to you.
You can find out more information about Google Analytics collection and use of data by visiting www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. For more information about cookies and how to disable and/or delete them, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org
If users disable cookies in their browser:
If you turn cookies off it will turn off some of the features of the site.
How Do We Protect Your Information
Your personal information:
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS) requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
Your payment card information:
If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then the payment gateway stores your credit card data. It is encrypted in accordance with the PCI Data Security Standards. Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted.
All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
Contact Us:
If you have any questions about our privacy practices or this policy, please contact us at info@slso.org or call the SLSO at 314-533-2500.
About
History
Press Room
Current Press Releases and Archives
Press Kit 2020/2021
Biographies
Image Library
Radio Broadcasts
Recordings
Powell Hall
Rent Powell Hall
Administration
Board
Annual Reports
Policies
Green Policy
Email Policy
Diversity Policy
Third Party Re-sellers
Privacy Policy
Careers
SLSO Policies
Green Policy
Email Policy
Diversity Policy
Privacy Policy
Address
St. Louis Symphony Orchestra718 N. Grand Blvd.St. Louis, MO 63103
Email
info@slso.org
Box Office
314-534-1700
Main Office
314-533-2500
About Us
Search
Sitemap
Press Room
Careers
Volunteer
Auditions
Privacy Policy
Stay Connected
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Copyright © 2014 – 2020 St. Louis Symphony Orchestra