http://songs-tube.net/privacy.html
Cookie and Privacy Policy for Songstube
The privacy of our visitors to songstube is important to us.
At songstube, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information are received and collected when you use and visit songstube, and how we safeguard your information.
We never sell your personal information to third parties.
What Are Cookies
As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or 'break' certain elements of the sites functionality.
For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies...
How We Use Cookies
We use only third party cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
Third Party Cookies
We
use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.
For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics Help.
The Google AdSense service we use to serve advertising uses a DoubleClick cookie to serve more relevant ads across the web and limit the number of times that a given ad is shown to you.
For more information on Google AdSense see the official
Google AdSense Privacy & Terms.
This site includes Facebook Comments and Facebook Like and Share buttons, a service operated by Facebook Inc. company that adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Policy
Framework, to guarantee the treatment of personal data in line with all European safety
standards.
The service allows users to interact with their social network through another website.
Facebook acquires data related to each visitor browsing the website that uses these functions.
Facebook does not share any information or data in its possession with the Site or the Holder of
the Treatment.
For more information on the use of Personal Data by Facebook Inc., please
consult the following link: Facebook Privacy Explanation
More Information
Hopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren't sure whether you need or not it's usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site. However if you are still looking for more information then you can contact us through one of our preferred contact methods.