https://soundthesirens.com/privacy-policy/
Music
Film
Television
Opinions
Sports
Books
Videos
Interview Archive
Music Review Archive
About
Masthead
Become a supporter
Contribute
Connect with us
Share
Tweet
Your privacy is important to us. It is Sound the Sirens Magazine’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website, https://soundthesirens.com, and other sites we own and operate.
We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us.
This policy is effective as of 11 March 2019.
Advertisement
Popular
Latest
Videos
Books7 months ago
Book Review: My Father Left Me Ireland – An American Son’s Search For Home
Books9 months ago
Malleable memories and transcending time: An interview with Joanna Howard
Music1 year ago
Willie Nelson’s “Sad Songs and Waltzes” and the Art of Alienation
Film1 year ago
Election still wins by a landslide
Music1 year ago
A Night with Northlane
Videos1 year ago
Hangtime share “Can I Take You Out” video
Videos1 year ago
Longwave return with “If We Ever Live Forever”
Videos1 year ago
Premiere: Cathedral of Tears – “Black Emotion”
Videos1 year ago
Jimmy Eat World announce new album, “All the Way (Stay)” video
Videos1 year ago
Bad Religion talk the Age of Unreason
Advertisement
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are OK with that.OkPrivacy policy