http://speculativevision.com/privacy.html
HOME
ART
FORUM
ARCADE
LIBRARY
NETWORK
We Respect Your Privacy!
Privacy Statement for Speculative Vision
Speculative Vision has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses our
information gathering and dissemination practices.
Registration
Registration is not required to view the public areas of this website.
Some areas of this site may require registration in order to participate, or otherwise require the user to provide
personal information.
Participation in all areas is voluntary, therefore the user assumes all responsibililty for participating in
any of the features offered by this site.
The following areas of this site may require the user to enter personal information such as their name and/or e-mail address:
Applications for inclusion in The Art Gallery and subsequent registration if accepted.
The Science Fiction and Fantasy Resource Network.
The Forum
Interactive Stories (optional, names and e-mail addresses are revealed if entered by the user)
Recommend/Suggest this Site. When used the user's friend(s) is(are) sent a one-time e-mail addressed from the user inviting them to visit our web site.
Information entered is not tracked and messages are automatically deleted from our server when the mail is successfully transmitted.
Speculative Vision does not sell or share personal information about its users with any third parties.
Speculative Vision will, however, reveal any
information located on its server space if required to do so by law enforcement, judicial, or other appropriate government authorities.
Use of Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive and can contain various kinds of data. Our cookies cannot read any other information, personal or otherwise, from your hard drive nor can we read cookies set by other websites.
We use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to save your information so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit.
An example is the cookie used by our forums to automatically log you in when you return to our site. SpeculativeVision.com will still function if our cookies are rejected, however your experience may be affected or limited in some cases.
For this reason, we highly recommend that you accept our cookies.
IP Addresses
We may use IP addresses to analyze general trends, administer the site, track movement through the site to determine which areas are popular, and to gather broad demographic information (such as the country the visitor came from) for aggregate use. IP addresses are not generally linked to personally identifiable information, but do reveal the user's Internet Service Provider or proxy server.
IP addresses may be linked to personally identifiable information if that information is stored in databases managed by Internet registrars. Speculative Vision may provide visitor IP addresses to third parties to identify attempts to gain unauthorized access to this site's servers ("hacking attacks"), or if required to do so by a law enforcement, judicial, or other government agency.
Links
This web site contains links to other Internet sites.
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site.
A link from Speculative Vision is not to be construed as an endorsement of any product or service that may be offered by the destination site.
Affiliations and Advertising
Speculative Vision has an affiliate relationship with various online retailers. An example of a typical affiliate relationship would be links we may provide to Amazon.com. We will receive a commission should you complete a purchase from Amazon.com initiated through any of our links. We recommend that you read each retailer's privacy statement prior to purchasing products or services regardless of how you arrived at their site.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
Some of the ads on our site are served by Google. Please visit the Google Privacy Center for infomation on Google's policies including the ability to opt out of their cookies. Please be advised that rejection of third party ad cookies will have no impact whatsoever on your interaction with this web site.
Surveys and Contests
Speculative Vision may request information from users via surveys or contests. Participation is voluntary, therefore the user has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information and general demographic information (i.e. sex, age, education, etc.). Contact information is used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information is used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use of, and satisfaction with, this site.
Aggregate demographic information collected via surveys and contests may be provided to third parties such as advertisers.
Personally identifiable information gather via surveys and contests on this site are never shared with others or used to generate mailing lists unless expressly stated otherwise in the information for that contest or survey.
Security
This website takes every reasonable precaution to protect its users' information.
Users should be aware, however, that this site's web pages and online forms are
located on a standard web server and not a secure socket layer (SSL) server.
Usernames, passwords,
e-mail addresses and other information stored on our server utilize various programmed security precations to prevent unauthorized access.
Nevertheless, Speculative Vision neither warrants nor guarantees that this data is 100% secure or otherwise invulnerable to "hacking" attacks.
Users agree to hold Speculative Vision harmless in the event any third party gains access to their personal information via unauthorized access to our server.
Children's Guidelines
Speculative Vision is not designed for nor directed to children under the age of 13. Speculative Vision does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. We recommend that children under the age of 13 be supervised by an adult while using the Internet and request that children under the age of 13 not provide any personally identifiable information to Speculative Vision.
Opt-Out Options
All services available from Speculative Vision are offered on an opt-in basis only.
Users who wish to retain a listing in the Resource Network or who show artwork in our galleries must provide valid contact information and keep that information current. Speculative Vision uses this information solely to provide notices about changes which may affect the user's participation in these services.
The Science Fiction and Fantasy Resource Network allows registered users to choose to receive notices of new listings. Users may opt-out of these mailings by updating their user profile.
The Forum provides the ability for users to receive various notices about postings made by themselves or others. Users can control these mailings by editing their user profile. From time to time we may send an email notice to registered forum members about changes to the site that may affect their participation.
Information for Citizens of the European Union
The EU has adopted a privacy directive substantially regulating the privacy rights of citizens of the countries of the European Union. Speculative Vision therefore provides Citizens of the EU the following information:
Speculative Vision is located in the United States. Any information that you provide to Speculative Vision will be transferred out of the EU to the United States. By providing personal information to us, you are consenting to its storage and use as described herein.
You may choose to opt-out of providing this information at any time, as described in this privacy statement.
Unless you direct to the contrary, any of the personal information you provide will be maintained by Speculative Vision as described in this privacy statement.
Speculative Vision will take reasonable precautions to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, unauthorized alteration, destruction or other malfeasance, as dictated by any current or future agreements which may exist between the United States and the European Union.
Corrections/Contacting Speculative Vision
Changes to information previously provided to us may be made online where that information is gathered.
Should you have any questions about
this privacy statement or Speculative Vision in general, please contact us.
SciFiSeek
Search our SFF Resource Network
Custom Search
Speculative Vision
Google
Advanced Search
Random Link: Unknown Tag: 'random_link'
Like SV on FacebookPromote Your Page Too
More SV >>
HOME
ART
FORUM
ARCADE
LIBRARY
NETWORK
Speculative Vision Science Fiction and Fantasy © 1996 - 2020 Brad Richardson. All Rights Reserved.
contact us         privacy policy