http://special.lib.umn.edu/about/privacy
Clock
Hours
Arrow
Link
Menu
Menu for mobile
Menu
Chat empty
Hollow chat bubble
24/7
Chat
At the Libraries
Spaces & events
Reserve a space
SMART Learning Commons
Disability access
Events
Exhibits
Technology
Computers
Printing & scanning
Media equipment
East Bank
Walter Library (Science & Engineering)
Today:
8:00 a.m.–5:00 p.m.
Health Sciences Library
Today:
8:00 a.m.–5:00 p.m.
Architecture & Landscape Architecture Library
Today:
Closed
Journalism Library (Eric Sevareid)
Today: Closed
Mathematics Library
Today:
Closed
West Bank
Wilson Library
Today:
8:00 a.m.–5:00 p.m.
Elmer L. Andersen Library
Today:
Closed
Law Library
Music Library
Today:
Closed
St. Paul
Magrath Library
Today:
8:00 a.m.–5:00 p.m.
Andersen Horticultural Library (off campus)
Today:
9:00 a.m.–3:00 p.m.
Natural Resources Library
Today:
Closed
Veterinary Medical Library
Today:
Closed
All libraries & collections
Research
Libraries search
Libraries catalog + articles
Research guides by subject
Librarian-recommended resources
All databases
All journals
Course reserves
Services for...
Undergraduate students
Graduate students
Faculty & instructors
University staff
Friends of the Library
Public visitors & alumni
Extend your search
Archives & Special Collections
Unique collections of books, manuscripts, & artifacts
University Digital Conservancy (UDC)
U of M-created content
UMedia
Primary source images, audiovisuals, & text
Archival collection guides
Search archival records, personal papers, & manuscripts
Interlibrary Loan (ILL) & Digital Delivery
Request materials from non-UMN Libraries
Researcher support
Citation tools
Data services
Digital Arts Sciences & Humanities (DASH)
Experts@Minnesota
All researcher support services
Publishing
Getting published
Copyright
Help
Getting started
How to find by format
Tutorials & guides
Workshops
One on one
Librarians by subject
Peer Research Consultants
Request a librarian consultation
Contact us
Chat online
External link
A box with an arrow pointing out of the top right corner
Email us
Call us: +1-612-624-3321
About
Policies & using the Libraries
Borrowing materials
Renewals
Fines
Food & drink
Online privacy statement
All policies
Overview
About us
Strategic plan
Jobs
Partnerships & grants
Staff directory
News
The Libraries welcomes learners and scholars from all cultures and backgrounds.
We are open to all and strive to reflect our community by embracing the diversity of people and ideas.
We commit to providing a safe and accessible environment, and the broadest possible access to information.
We do not tolerate intimidating or disruptive behavior, harassment, or hateful acts.
We are here to assist you. Please do not hesitate to ask for our help.
Give
Sign in
Chat empty
Hollow chat bubble
24/7 Chat
Due to security upgrades, we will no longer support Internet Explorer version 8 or older. Please use a newer browser.
Using the Libraries during COVID-19Four campus libraries are open for Twin Cities students, faculty, and staff with valid U Cards. Hours are limited. Other libraries may be open by appointment. (Last updated Nov. 23, 2020)
Archives & Special Collections
Archives & Special Collections
ASC Home
Using our collections
Visit
Fund your research
News & events
Digital exhibits
Building information
Archives and Special Collections are open by appointment only, limited to UMN affiliates. Appointments must be made one week in advance of your visit. Contact ascref@umn.edu for assistance or the curator of the collecting area you wish to use. We continue to provide scans of requested research materials when possible, especially for our non-campus clientele.
Welcome
The University of Minnesota Libraries’ Department of Archives and Special Collections (ASC) collects and preserves an amazing array of materials that support interdisciplinary research. The collections are available to anyone with a desire to explore, discover and learn. ASC supports teaching and learning for the University community, K-12, and lifelong learners, and sponsors an active array of exhibitions and programs that are open to the public.
Search
Archival collection guides
Use collection guides (or finding aids) that describe a collection of archival records, personal papers, or manuscripts to locate material for your research. The guide may be a brief summary or a detailed description and inventory.
Search ArchiveSpace
Images & more
Search our digital collections of images, maps, films and videos, audio tapes, rare volumes and publications, and select items from archival collections.
Search Special Collections in UMedia
Libraries catalog
Explore the University of Minnesota Libraries catalog for information about rare and special books, periodicals, and other publications held by Archives and Special Collections units.
Search the library catalog
Our collections
Charles Babbage Institute Archives
As both archives and research center, CBI promotes the study and understanding of the history of information technology and its impact on society.
Children's Literature Research Collections
The Children's Literature Research Collections holds books, comics, story papers, dime novels, and other materials related to the creation of children’s literature, including original manuscripts and artwork.
Givens Collection of African American Literature
The Givens Collection facilitates access to African American history and culture through its rare book and archival collections, and through Umbra Search.
Gorman Rare Art Books and Media Collection
The Francis V. Gorman Rare Art Books and Media Collection is a collection of rare art exhibition catalogs, artists’ books, zines, illustrated periodicals, and more that date from the 1500s – present.
Immigration History Research Center Archives
The Immigration History Research Center Archives documents im/migration to the United States from 1850 to the present, with materials created largely by immigrants and social service providers.
James Ford Bell Library
The Bell Library documents the history and impact of trade and cross-cultural contact around the globe prior to 1825 C.E.  More than 15 languages are represented in rare books, manuscripts/archival collections, and maps.
Kautz Family YMCA Archives
The YMCA Archives documents one of the nation’s largest and oldest nonprofits and its programs to support social welfare, spiritual and mental development, and physical education.
Northwest Architectural Archives
The Northwest Architectural Archives is the repository for the records of architects, engineers, contractors, landscape architects, interior designers, and local professional societies from the Midwest region.
Performing Arts Archives
Preserving Minnesota’s cultural legacy in music, theater, and dance, the Archives holds scripts, prompt books, costume and set designs, photos, and AV recordings from organizations, actors, designers, and directors.
Sherlock Holmes Collection
The Sherlock Holmes Collections constitute the largest gathering of material documenting the transformation of Holmes from a Victorian literary creation of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle to a 21st century pop culture icon.
Social Welfare History Archives
The Archives documents the history of social service programs, policies, and organizations; the evolution of the social work profession; and social reform movements.
Special Collections and Rare Books
SCRB serves as the University Libraries’ general repository for publications that require special handling due to rarity, age, value, or fragility.
Tretter Collection
The Tretter Collection in Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual and Transgender Studies includes published materials, organizational records, and personal papers providing insights into the GLBT experience, and is the home of the Tretter Transgender Oral History Project.
University Archives
University Archives is the institutional home for historical documents, departmental collections, data, photographs, publications, and websites of the University, including faculty papers and research and administrative records.
Upper Midwest Jewish Archives
UMJA has materials illustrating the American Jewish experience from a Midwestern perspective, chronicling the activities of supporting ethnic/religious communities and advocacy organizations.
Upper Midwest Literary Archives
The resources in the Upper Midwest Literary Archives are integral to the study of literary history, independent publishing, and writers of the Upper Midwest.
Special collections in other locations
Andersen Horticultural Library
Located at the Minnesota Landscape Arboretum in Chanhassen, the AHL is the largest horticultural library in the Upper Midwest, focusing on plants, gardening, botanical art, landscape and floral design, garden history, and the natural history of Minnesota.
Wangensteen Library of Biology and Medicine
Located in Diehl Hall on the East Bank campus, the Wangensteen Library for historical medical research houses 80,000 rare books, journals, and manuscripts in diverse medical and biological subjects spanning from approximately 1430 to 1930.
LocationMarker in an upside down teardrop shape Location
Elmer L. Andersen Library
222 21st Avenue South
Minneapolis, MN 55455
Parking
ClockA circle with lines representing a clock face Today's Hours / Closed
MailA closed envelope Email / ascref@umn.edu
PhoneAnalog phone receiver Phone: / 612-624-7469
UsersSilhouettes of people head shots Unit / Directory