https://speos-photo.com/en/privacy-and-cookies-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy and Cookies Policy
Privacy and Cookies PolicyJean Alloy2020-06-19T02:31:02+02:00
Data collection by Spéos
Spéos may collect your personal data notably when you fill out one of our subscription or contact forms on our website.
When you voluntarily provide your personal data in our subscription and contact forms, you commit to communicate accurate information that does not jeopardize the interests or rights of any third parties.
Use of data
The information that you communicate on our website enables Spéos to consider, validate and confirm your application to one of the photography programs proposed by Spéos.
Data sharing and disclosure
The data collected is intended solely for Spéos. Spéos passes on your personal data to third parties only if we receive a request from a judicial or other official authority empowered by law for disclosure of the information in accordance with the current legislation.
Cookies
A cookie, also named HTTP cookie, Internet cookie or browser cookie, is a text file used by a website.  This file is downloaded to your computer when you access certain web pages. Cookies allow a website, among other things, to store and retrieve information about the browsing preferences of a visitor and, depending on the information it contains and how you use your computer, they can be used to recognize the user.
Cookies are essential for the well-functioning of the Internet, providing many advantages in the use and transmission of interactive services, navigation and usability of our website.
Spéos – International Photo School uses Google Analytics cookies.
> Manage cookies in Google Chrome
> Manage cookies in Mozilla Firefox
> Manage cookies in Safari
What is the cookie-gathered information used for by Spéos?
The Google Analytics cookie-collected information is used to help Spéos measure the traffic on its website. It is also used to understand its visitors and how they engage with the website. All information is anonymous and is never used for the fraudulent collection of personal data, but the cookie tracks trends like the click stream of users. The data retention period is 12 months.
Security measures
Spéos makes every effort to protect your personal data against loss, damage, misuse, intrusion, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
However, Spéos has no control over web operating risks and draws your attention to the risks of one-off data losses and breaches of the confidentiality of data carried on the Internet. The information provided on the website may be interrupted due to cases of force majeure or events outside the control of Spéos for which it cannot be held responsible.
Updating the personal data policy
Spéos may amend its personal data policy, in which case the amendments will be notified visibly on our website www.speos-photo.com if it wishes to use your personal data in any way that differs from the stipulations of the policy in force when your data was collected.
This website uses cookies to improve your browsing experience and help us improve our websites. Learn more
OK
Go to Top