https://sscm-sscm.org/about-us/sscm-privacy-policy/
SSCM Member Log-In
Society for Seventeenth-Century Music
About SSCM
Society for Seventeenth-Century Music
Officers and Committee Chairs
By-Laws
SSCM Privacy Policy
Honorary Members
Past Governing Boards
Irene Alm Memorial Prize
Meetings
2021 Annual Meeting: Call for Papers
Future Meetings
Past Meetings
Travel Grant
Publications
17th-Century Music
Journal of Seventeenth-Century Music
JSCM Instrumenta
Web Library of Seventeenth-Century Music
Membership
Join or Renew
Join or Renew Online
Support SSCM
Membership Directory
Member Document Archive
SSCM-L
Resources
Donate
Contact
SSCM Privacy Policy
This is the privacy policy for the website https://sscm-sscm.org and associated
websites (htttps://sscm.jscm.org, https://sscm-wlscm.org) which are run by The
Society for Seventeenth-Century Music, a non-profit organization dedicated to the
study and performance of music from the seventeenth century. This policy is effective
as of May 25, 2018, for all users, to coincide with the enhanced data protection rights
required by the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Below you will find
information on how we collect and use your personal data, with whom it is shared, and
what control and information rights you have.
Section 1
We respect your privacy. We do not sell your information to third parties. We collect
only the information we need to process and fulfill your membership (e.g., mailing the
Newsletter, conference registration) and to communicate with you, even if you are not a
member (e.g., the SSCM-List). We do not have access to or store your financial or credit
card information. We will turn over what information we have when you request it (see
Section IV below) or when compelled to do so by a court of law.
Section II
Our website is secured by a Secure-Socket Layer (SLL) certificate, and all login, personal
information editing, and financial transactions are conducted using the encrypted https
protocol. Passwords are stored as an encrypted hash in our database. No one within our
organization has access to or can unencrypt your password. Passwords can only be
reset; they can never be accessed.
Online financial transactions are conducted securely through a third party—
PayPal. If you choose to pay through PayPal, we do not have access to your bank
account or credit card information. We share with PayPal what information is necessary
to complete your transaction. Please see PayPal for full details of their security and
privacy policy.
Please note that you can choose to pay for memberships and conference
registration by personal check. If you pay with a check, we do not retain your bank
account information.
When you visit any of our free online sources—the Journal of Seventeenth-Century
Music (JSCM), the JSCM Instrumenta series, or the Web Library of Seventeenth-Century
Music (WLSCM)—the website collects information such as the IP address, website from
which you were directed, date and time of visits, device type, browser, internet service
provider, and pages visited, and sets a cookie to identify you if you are a returning user.
This is broad, demographic information for anonymized, aggregated, internal use. We
do not share the web analytics with other organizations.
Section III
We collect the following information for the normal operations of the Society:
Name
Institution
Physical address
Email address
Phone number
IP address at the time of the financial transaction
We share your data with
Payment gateways (PayPal)
Postal fulfillment providers/mail houses
Conference organizations and associated personnel (e.g., caterers)
You may access and edit your personal data at any time by signing into your account on
our website, where you may review past transactions and review/edit your personal
information and password.
If you submit an article, catalogue, or edition to JSCM, the JSCM Instrumenta
series, or WLSCM, we collect your name, institution, physical address, and email
address in order to communicate with you. We store author names and submission
titles for articles, catalogues, or editions not accepted for publication. We also store the
name, physical address, and signature of each JSCM and JSCM Instrumenta author in
our permanent electronic records, on the copyright transfer form. We do not share this
information with other organizations.
Section IV
You may request what personal data we have on you at any time. Please address your
requests to privacy@sscm-sscm.org. You may request that we delete the data we have
on you at any time. Please note that this would effectively cancel your membership in
our Society. We cannot guarantee that your data will be deleted by third parties (i.e.,
PayPal).
Section V
We take normal and reasonable measures to maintain the security of our website and
your data. We will alert our membership within seven (7) days of a suspected data
breach. Data security questions can be addressed to privacy@sscm-sscm.org.
Section VI
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy from time to time when the situation
warrants such changes. The current privacy policy will always be posted on our
website. This policy was updated on May 25, 2018.
SSCM News Call for Papers: The Society for Seventeenth-Century Music invites proposals for its annual meeting, April 15-18, 2021 in Eugene, Oregon, hosted by the University of Oregon. more…
SSCM Membership Membership in the SSCM is open to both individuals and institutions. Dues cover membership for the remaining calendar year. Learn more...
Support SSCM The Society for Seventeenth-Century Music welcomes donations in support of its mission to promote the study and performance of music and related arts of the seventeenth century. Learn more...
Copyright © 2020 Society for Seventeenth-Century Music. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.
Website Design and Development by Crooked River Design.