http://standup.com.au/privacy-policy-terms-and-conditions-0
The Sit Down Comedy Club
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
Home
Guide
Venues
Corporate
Comedians
Paddo Menu
About the Club
Contact Us
Privacy Policy, Terms and Conditions
Thank you for visiting The Sit Down Comedy Club website. We are committed to protecting the privacy of users of our website. We understand that visitors to and users of this website are concerned about their privacy and the security of any information that they may provide.
Privacy Policy
The Sit Down Comedy Club ensures that personal information is responsibly collected and managed in accordance with 11 Information Privacy Principles of the Information Privacy Act 2009.
Like many other websites, we monitor usage of The Sit Down Comedy Club site to help us to make it useful to as many visitors as possible. Consequently, our website does collect some information about users of the site, and we may also ask you for information in order to provide a service to you. Details of what we collect and how it is used are contained in this statement.
Use of cookies and other information collection technologies
Internet cookies are small strings of text placed on users’ hard drives during the data exchange that happens when a browser points to a website. Cookies allow a website to store information on a user’s machine and retrieve it later. Cookies and other information collection technologies can only store information that is explicitly provided by the user or visitor in the first place, or information the website already knows about the user, such as their IP address. By visiting our website, data is collected for targeted advertising and this data may be used by third parties to target advertising on other sites based on your users’ online activity.
The Sit Down Comedy Club website uses cookies dropped by us or third parties  for:
• Identifying unique visitors to the site for statistical purposes (that is, you will be allocated a visitor number which will be held in a cookie on your computer for a fixed period, such as 30 days. This cookie will also hold your IP address).
• This cookie contains the following information that is available even if you have disabled cookies:
o Internal unique ID generated by The Sit Down Comedy Club;
o Your full name and email alias, which may be used for personalising the site as well as for emails sent from the site to you.
Most browsers can be set to accept or reject cookies. You can choose to adjust your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when they are being used. Sometimes, rejecting cookies results in a loss of some website functionality. Alternatively, rejecting cookies may mean that you may need to establish your identity a number of times across the The Sit Down Comedy Club site during a visit because the server cannot recheck your identity each time you request access to a restricted area.
Instructions on how you can opt out of receiving targeted advertising an be found at  the DAA opt-out site www.aboutads.info,  the NAI opt-out site at www.networkadvertising.org/choices,  for those in Europe, the EDAA opt out site at youronlinechoices.eu, in Australia at www.adma.com.au/comply/opt-out-mail-register/.
Site usage
When you visit the The Sit Down Comedy Club website, we make a record of your visit using “single pixel gif” technology embedded in the code of each page. We log the following information, which is used for statistical purposes:
• the IP address of the computer you are using or an IP that is dynamically allocated by your internet service provider;
• the date and time of your visit;
• the pages accessed and documents downloaded;
• the file size of the pages downloaded;
• the type of browser used and screen resolution;
• the referring page (ie last page visited before entering The Sit Down Comedy Club site).
Further information about privacy
If you have any questions about The Sit Down Comedy Club privacy and security practices, please contact us:
Telephone: +61 07 3369 4466
Email: reception@standup.com.au
Gift Vouchers
Gift Vouchers are valid for 12 months from date of issue and are only valid for any show at the Sit Down Comedy Club @ The Paddington Tavern, 186 Given Terrace, Paddington QLD 4064.
Gift Vouchers total monetary value is to be used at the same time (no refunds given if show that is attended is lower in value than the worth of the gift voucher).
Gift Vouchers are non-refundable however can be transferred to another person. Gift Vouchers are non-transferable for cash.
Liability Disclaimer
The information contained on this web site is provided in good faith, and every reasonable effort is made to ensure that it is accurate and up to date.
Accordingly, this information is provided 'as is' without warranty of any kind. The Sit Down Comedy Club (www.standup.com.au) excludes all warranties, either express or implied (including, but not limited to any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, satisfactory quality or freedom from hidden defects).
In no event shall The Sit Down Comedy Club (www.standup.com.au) be liable for any damage arising, directly or indirectly, from the use of the information contained on this web site including damages arising from inaccuracies, omissions or errors.
Any person relying on any of the information contained on this web site or making any use of the information contained herein, shall do so at their own risk. The Sit Down Comedy Club (www.standup.com.au) hereby disclaims any liability and shall not be held liable for any damages including, without limitation, direct, indirect or consequential damages including loss of revenue, loss of profit, loss of opportunity or other loss.
The site contains links to web sites maintained by other companies and organizations. The Sit Down Comedy Club (www.standup.com.au) does not guarantee the accuracy of information contained on those web sites and will not accept any responsibility for the accuracy, ownership or any other aspect of the information contained on those web sites. No responsibility will be taken for any difficulties, which the user might experience in gaining access to any linked sites.
The Sit Down Comedy Club (www.standup.com.au) may make improvements and/or changes in the materials contained in or described on this site at any time without notice. The Sit Down Comedy Club (www.standup.com.au) may also make changes in these Terms and Conditions without notice. User is bound by such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current Terms and Conditions
Copyright Statement
The site is made by permission of The Sit Down Comedy Club (www.standup.com.au).
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, and images are the property of The Sit Down Comedy Club (www.standup.com.au) and are protected by Australian and international copyright laws.
Apart from any use permitted under the Copyrights Law, you must not copy, frame, modify, transmit or distribute the material at this site without the consent of the copyright owner.
You may save a local copy or print a copy of material at this site for your own personal use, provided the copyright notice on the material is not removed. However, you may not make any charge for such use and any commercial exploitation is expressly prohibited. This means, for example, that you must not post material from this site to a local intranet site, or distribute the material for your own commercial purpose, without the copyright owner's permission.
You are welcome to link to articles on this site, provided that in doing so you do not use any trademarks featured on The Sit Down Comedy Club (www.standup.com.au) without permission. You must not link to this site from a site or in a manner, which disparages the reputation of The Sit Down Comedy Club (www.standup.com.au), its related corporate bodies, suppliers or advertisers.
All material submitted to this website or to its email address will be considered for publication. The decision to publish rests strictly with the webmaster and owner of this website. Opinions, stories, or comments, if any, expressed in any submitted publication are those of their authors' and not necessarily those of the owners of this website.
With respect to documents available from this server, The Sit Down Comedy Club (www.standup.com.au) makes no warranty, express or implied, including the warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, or assumes any legal liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information disclosed, or represents that its use would not infringe privately owned rights.
The Sit Down Comedy Club (www.standup.com.au) is the Home of Brisbane Comedy, Text Information and Sit Down Comedy Club Logo contained on this website is ©2016 Sit Down Comedy Productions Pty Ltd ABN 30 110 218 187. Other photos & logos remain the property of original owner(s). No commercial reproduction without consent.
For the best in Brisbane Stand Up Comedy come to the original Brisbane Comedy Venue - The Sit Down Comedy Club (www.standup.com.au). We do not condone the misuse of goats.
See Events CalendarBox Office - Buy NowDownload Gig Guide
Signup for gig and Competition updates!
Become our friend, we don't bite!
Email Address:
*
First Name:
*
Last Name:
*
Birthday
/
Brisbane Comedy Shows
Stand Up @ The Paddo
Open Mic Comedy
Comedy Gift Vouchers
View All Comedy Gigs
Stand Up Comedy Course
Raw Comedy Competition
Your Events
Christmas Parties
Hens Nights
Bucks Nights
Birthday Parties
Corporate Functions
EoFY Parties
Other Events
About
The Club
Our History
Meet the Comedians
Carer Card
Fundraising Events
FAQs
Keep in Touch
Contact Us
RSS of Gigs
Like us on Facebook!
Follow us on Twitter!
Open Mic Facebook!
Facebook
The Sit Down Comedy Club Brisbane
WARNING: SOME CONCEPTS AND LANGUAGE MAY OFFEND
THE SIT DOWN COMEDY CLUB ® name and THE SIT DOWN COMEDY CLUB ® logo are the registered trademarks of Sit Down Comedy Productions PTY LTD ABN 30 110 218 187.
We acknowledge and respect the traditional custodians of the land on which we work and live.
The Sit Down Comedy Club and its associated events are safe spaces that are free from discrimination based on sexual orientation, gender identity and gender expression.
All admission fees are GST inclusive. All performances are non-smoking. The Paddo Tavern has designated smoking areas throughout the venue. Gig guide correct at time of posting and may be subject to change without prior notification. This venue is licensed, no admittance to people under 18 years of age.
Read the full disclaimer, privacy policy, terms and conditions