https://standrewssociety.org.sg/privacy-policy/
Navigation
About
Committee
Society Rules
Our Tartan
Membership and Renewal
Join the Society
Members’ Benefits
Events
Golf
Photo Gallery
Newsletters
Home
Sponsorship
Main Sponsors
Advertising
Contact
LOGIN
Privacy Policy
Singapore St. Andrew’s Society (“Singapore St. Andrew’s Society”) is committed to preserving and safeguarding your right to privacy and data protection, subject to the Singapore Personal Data Protection Act (the “Act”). This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) sets out the manner in which we will collect, use, disclose and otherwise manage your personal information. You agree that Singapore St. Andrew’s Society may, at its sole discretion, modify the Policy at any time with or without notice to you. The revised Policy shall be posted on the Singapore St. Andrew’s Society website at https://standrewssociety.org.sg/ (the “Website”). You should review the Policy on a regular basis for any such changes. You agree that your continued use of the Website after any revised Policy has been posted on the Website constitutes your consent to be bound by such revised Policy.
Collection of Personal Information
We may automatically collect general anonymous information related to your use of the Website, such as the date and time you visited the Website, the pages you visited on the Website, and the type of browser used. In addition, we collect “cookie” information from your browser to identify your computer and provide us with a record of your visits to our Website. The technology used to gather “cookie” information is provided by the Internet browser you use, and may be turned off by using your browser preference buttons. This statistical information helps us to understand how our Website is used (e.g., which pages or sections are most popular and when are the peak activity times) and assists us in planning for future improvements to the Website to better meet our visitors’ needs.
Use of Personal Information
We use your personal information for one or more of the following purposes:
(a) Identifying who you are;
(b) contacting you in response to your email enquiry;
(c) developing a statistical record of the nature of enquiries generated by our Website;
(d) quality control of responses from Singapore St. Andrew’s Society to your enquiries; and
(e) improving the design and content of the Website.
Disclosure of Personal Information
Except as set out below, we will not otherwise sell, transfer or disclose any of your personal information to any third party without your knowledge and consent.
We must provide your personal information in response to a search warrant or other legally valid enquiry or order, or to an investigative body in the case of a breach of an agreement or contravention of law, or as otherwise required by law.
We may also disclose personal information to assist us in collecting a debt owed by you.
Security of Personal Information
No transmission on the Internet is guaranteed to be absolutely secure and therefore, Singapore St. Andrew’s Society does not represent or warrant for the complete security of the information provided to Singapore St. Andrew’s Society or its agents through the Website. You understand that you are providing this information to Singapore St. Andrew’s Society at your own risk.
Links
This Website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Singapore St. Andrew’s Society is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by this Website.
How to Contact Us
If you have any inquiries or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact Singapore St. Andrew’s Society.
Sponsors
Saltire Sponsors
Tartan Sponsors
Thistle Sponsors
Other Sponsors
Subscribe to our Newsletter
Keep checking our Events Calendar for more information
about our regular activities. Subscribe Now.
Leave this field empty if you're human:
contact us
Mailing Address
PO Box 49, Ghim Moh Estate Post OfficeSingapore 912732
If you are human, leave this field blank.
Home
About Us
Membership and Renewal
News and Events
Sponsorship
Contact Us
Links
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Sitemap
©20 Singapore St Andrew's Society - Official Website