https://stanfordjazz.org/about/privacy-policy/
PreviousNext1234
Privacy Policy
Stanford Jazz Workshop’s (SJW’s) Website, https://stanfordjazz.org, serves education programs offered by SJW and other activities, including the annual Stanford Jazz Festival.
This Privacy Policy is divided into two sections: Section I covers general access to and use of the Website, including for the purchase of tickets to Stanford Jazz Festival concerts; Section II defines specific additional privacy policies supporting SJW’s education programs, including access and use of the Website by parents and guardians for the purpose of registering and enrolling participants in our programs and access and use of social networking websites that are accessed through the Website.
Section I.
General access to and use of the Website.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you subscribe to our newsletter, submit a registration for one of our Jazz Education Programs, make a donation to help support the work of the Stanford Jazz Workshop, sign up as a volunteer, or purchase tickets to Stanford Jazz Festival concerts and events.
When ordering or registering on our Website, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number and credit card information. You may, however, browse our Website anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one or more of the following ways:
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order and send you occasional Stanford Jazz Workshop news, updates, related program or service information.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving these future emails, we include easy-to-understand unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures designed to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and is then encrypted by SJW’s payment gateway provider, which converts customer information into an encrypted digital token that contains no customer information and is used by SJW to link payments to each customer account.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a website or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser that enables the websites or service providers’ systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about Website traffic and Website interaction so that we can offer better Website experiences and services in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our Website visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our service.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our web services may not function properly. In this case, however, you can still place orders over the telephone by calling 650-736-0324, during business hours, Pacific Time.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
For all of our Jazz Education Program registrations, we do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our Website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our Website policies, or protect SJW’s or other’s rights, property, or safety. Non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Stanford Jazz Festival and other SJW event ticket sales are managed for SJW by Stanford Ticket Office, a third-party vendor. To find out more about Stanford Ticket Office’s privacy policy, please contact the Stanford Ticket Office at 650-725-2787 or ticketorders@stanford.edu.
SJW occasionally shares Jazz Festival ticket sales information provided to us by the Stanford Ticket Office with selected local arts and music presenting organizations that we feel share the SJW mission. In such cases, SJW shares only physical mailing address information — never email, telephone, or credit card information. If you prefer that these organizations not mail information to you, you may indicate that option at the time you purchase tickets, or when you set up your personal preferences with the Stanford Ticket Office.
For more information, please contact the Stanford Ticket Office at 650-725-2787 or ticketorders@stanford.edu.
Third party links.
Occasionally, we may link to, include or offer third party products or services on our Website or in our email newsletter. These third parties have their own websites and have separate and independent privacy policies. SJW has no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these third party websites.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (Coppa).
In compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), SJW does not knowingly collect personal information online from children under age 13. We screen users who wish to provide personal information by implementing credit card verification procedures designed to help prevent children under age 13 from providing personal information. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from a user who is under age 13, we will delete such information from our records. Personal information includes any of the following:
First and last name;
A home or other physical address including street name and name of a city or town;
Online contact information;
A telephone number;
A social security number;
A persistent identifier that can be used to recognize a user over time and across different websites or online services;
A photograph, video, or audio file, where such file contains a child’s image or voice; or
Geolocation information sufficient to identify street name and name of a city or town.
IMPORTANT – IF YOU ARE UNDER AGE 13, DO NOT PROVIDE ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION TO SJW ONLINE ABOUT YOURSELF, YOUR PARENTS OR GUARDIANS, YOUR FRIENDS OR OTHERS.
Parents or Guardians of children under age 13 are permitted by COPPA to provide personal information about their children to SJW online.
Online Privacy Policy only.
This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through our Website and not to information collected offline.
Your consent.
By using our Website, you consent to our Privacy Policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to modify our Privacy Policy at any time. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page. For more information about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at: info@stanfordjazz.org.
Section II.
Specific additional privacy policies supporting SJW’s education programs.
The following information applies to parents and guardians of SJW education program participants.
Internet protection.
SJW takes the following steps to help prevent participants from being exposed to inappropriate web content:
SJW installs Internet filtering software on SJW computers and servers. No software is 100 percent perfect, and some inappropriate content may inadvertently be accessed.
SJW takes certain precautions to guard against inappropriate material from being viewed. If inappropriate content is viewed, the instructor will follow standard protocol.
Participants found in violation of our “common sense” Internet policy may be removed from camp without receiving a refund.
We do not share your information with third parties.
For all information pertaining to our education programs, SJW does not share email addresses or any other personal information with third parties interested in contacting you or collecting information about you. We do not sell, rent, give or trade personal information we collect from online, phone or paper registrations and or catalog requests.
How we store your information.
We store your personal information in secure operating environments that are not available to the public. Your personal information is accessible only by you and select company employees. Employees are bound by duties of confidentiality and have access to select databases, which are further protected by SJW and password requirements. To update or change your account information, log in at https://stanfordjazz.org, call our Registrar at 650-736-0324, or send an email to registrar@stanfordjazz.org.
You are responsible for keeping your password confidential. You agree that you are responsible for any and all communications, transactions, and use of services associated with and made using your password. This includes any fees, charges or other obligations that may result from such use. You are responsible for changing your password if you believe your password has been stolen or otherwise compromised. You may not loan, assign your password or transfer rights under this agreement without prior written consent. Any attempted password assignment or transfer without such consent will be void.
How we use your information.
SJW provides a convenient online registration process for our education programs to expedite and provide a private, individual record of your transactions on our Website and to provide you with quality customer service. In order for you to complete your online registration and related transactions on our Website, we require the creation of a SJW User account, which requires that you submit certain personal information to SJW. SJW may share your pertinent personal information with relevant SJW employees or Stanford University and its affiliates that are involved in SJW’s summer residency on the campus for the purpose of enabling fulfillment of your requests. SJW may elect to contact you from time to time regarding the status of your transactions on our Website or to inform you of maintenance to your personal User account or Website updates.
Other information we gather.
When you or your child registers for a SJW education program, we ask for certain basic information: name, mailing address, email address, and phone number. SJW partners use technology such as cookies and web beacons to collect visitor and User data.
Security of credit card transactions and information.
SJW accepts online payments via major credit cards. For your security, your credit card number is not stored in our system. SJW receives a digital “token” code generated by our credit card payment gateway, which enables SJW to track payments you make to SJW for programs, services and products. Our payment gateway uses secure data-encryption technologies and we use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology to help safeguard and protect your personal information and transactions on our servers and over the Internet. Your information, including your credit card information, is encrypted as it travels over the Internet.
Social networking and communication on external Sites.
SJW respects the rights of our participants to use social networking websites (e.g. YouTube, Facebook, Twitter, etc.), personal websites and web logs (blogs)  as a medium for self-expression. SJW provides opportunities for social networking for both participants and staff on such websites. You agree that by registering for a SJW program, you or your child who is a participant in an SJW education program may access and upload content to social networking websites. These websites are not affiliated with SJW and offer their own individual social-networking services.
Any projects or websites created by participants at SJW and posted on external media websites may not contain links to websites containing personal information or inappropriate material. Users must follow the terms of use of that particular social networking website, including following the specified age policies.
SJW does not allow the use of its company logo or those of its corporate partners or community partners on any personal website, social networking group or blog without the express prior written permission of SJW or SJW’s partner organizations.
Social networking and communication on internal sites.
Please read the following terms and conditions carefully, as well as the terms and conditions of the websites on which SJW has created a website (i.e., SJW’s Facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/stanfordjazz, Twitter account: https://twitter.com/stanfordjazz, Instagram account (www.instagram.com/stanfordjazz/) and YouTube channel: http://www.youtube.com/stanfordjazz). These terms and conditions are a legal agreement between you and SJW and apply to you whether you are a visitor to these websites or any website with an official SJW affiliation.
Participants can post submissions of registration application, audition, and other forms SJW requires participants to submit during their registration process. SJW reserves the right to take action to remove any content deemed inappropriate by the websites or by SJW, in its sole discretion. SJW will not be held liable for any loss of content or disagreements that may arise between the individual social networking website and the user.
In order to access certain features of the social networking websites or to submit registration information on https://stanfordjazz.org, the majority of these websites require that the user create a user account. Please note that these websites have their own individual terms and conditions that must be followed. Age requirements are outlined within each website’s terms and conditions. You hereby authorize your participant to access social networking websites while attending a SJW camp or other education program, to create an account if they choose to do so if they meet the requirements listed by each website to create a user account.
SJW is merely providing access to social networking websites through which participants may socialize online with fellow participants. Users are solely responsible for interactions (including any disputes) with other participants and any volunteers that may advise and assist participants with projects and activities via use of the website or services. You agree that SJW does not in any way screen participants or review or police statements made by other participants, or statements made by Users or any information a User may provide via the website or services.
You agree that your participants are solely responsible for, and will exercise caution, discretion, common sense and judgment in using the various websites and services and disclosing personal information to other participants or users. On behalf of your participants, you agree that they will take reasonable precautions in all interactions with other participants, particularly if they decide to meet a participant offline or in person.
Your participant’s use of the social networking websites with which SJW is affiliated, their services, and content and user submissions is at your sole risk and discretion and SJW hereby disclaims any and all liability to you or any third party relating thereto.
On behalf of your participants, you agree that they will not harass, threaten, intimidate, bully, stalk or invade the privacy of any individual in connection with their use of the social networking websites with which SJW is affiliated and their services, whether or not an individual is an SJW participant; and you further agree not to advocate such activities or to encourage others to engage in any such activities.
Staff/student communication.
SJW has the goal of creating a lively, friendly, and nurturing community each summer at Stanford University that encourages interaction between participants and SJW’s distinguished faculty and guest artists. Students frequently ask faculty and artists for advice both during and outside of SJW educational programs. Students, faculty and guest artists frequently exchange email addresses and follow one another on Facebook and Twitter. By enrolling participants under the age of 18 in SJW’s education programs, a parent or guardian acknowledges and approves of their participant’s exchanges with faculty and guest artists.
SJW does not manage and is not responsible for exchanges between participants, faculty, and guest artists that may take place outside of the duration of the period during which a participant is enrolled and participating in SJW’s education program(s).
Copyright and intellectual property policy – no unauthorized use.
You agree that you and your participant will not use the social networking websites to offer, display, distribute, transmit, route, provide connections to or store any material that infringes copyrighted works, trademarks or service marks or otherwise violates or promotes the violation of the intellectual property or proprietary rights of any third party. SJW has adopted and implemented a policy that provides for the termination in appropriate circumstances of the accounts of users who repeatedly infringe or are believed to be repeatedly infringing the intellectual property or proprietary rights of others.
BY USING THE SOCIAL NETWORKING WEBSITES OR SUBMITTING A PARTICIPANT REGISTRATION OR APPLICATION FORM OR RELATED INFORMATION YOU AGREE THAT SJW IS NOT RESPONSIBLE, AND WILL IN NO EVENT BE HELD LIABLE, FOR ANY: (A) LOST, ILLEGIBLE, MISDIRECTED, DAMAGED OR INCOMPLETE PARTICIPANT SUBMISSIONS; (B) COMPUTER OR NETWORK MALFUNCTION OR ERROR; (C) COMMUNICATION DISRUPTION OR OTHER DISRUPTIONS RELATED TO INTERNET TRAFFIC, A VIRUS, BUG, OR WORM OR NON-AUTHORIZED INTERVENTION; OR (D) DAMAGE CAUSED BY A COMPUTER VIRUS OR OTHERWISE FROM YOUR ACCESS TO THE WEBSITE OR SERVICES. SJW’S WEBSITE, SERVICES, WEBSITE CONTENT AND PARTICIPANT SUBMISSIONS ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITH NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. SJW AND ITS SUPPLIERS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE WEBSITE, SERVICES, CONTENT AND PARTICIPANT SUBMISSIONS, WHETHER THE PROVISION OF SERVICES OR YOUR SUBMISSION OF A PARTICIPANT SUBMISSION WILL PRODUCE ANY LEVEL OF PROFIT OR BUSINESS FOR YOU OR LEAD TO ECONOMIC BENEFIT, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF QUALITY, AVAILABILITY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN ADDITION, SJW MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY THAT THE WEBSITE OR SERVICES WILL BE ERROR FREE OR THAT ANY ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED. SOME STATES OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES. ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold SJW, its officers, directors, employees and agents harmless from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, losses and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs, arising out of or in any way connected with: (a) your access to or use of social networking websites, their services, SJW content and participant submissions; (ii) your violation of this Privacy Policy; (iii) your violation of any third-party right, including, without limitation, any intellectual property right, publicity, confidentiality, property or privacy right; or (iv) any claim that one of your participant submissions caused damage to a third party or infringed or violated any third-party intellectual property right, publicity, confidentiality, property or privacy right.
Photo and media release.
You agree that all images, testimonials, survey responses, photos, video and audio taken at or in connection with SJW are the sole and exclusive property of SJW. As a condition of registering and enrolling in a SJW education program, you agree and authorize that photos may be taken of your participant. You also agree that said content may be used by SJW in promotional and marketing materials and online media in support of SJW and SJW education programs.
You agree that testimonials, survey responses, photos, videos and audio may be shared and used by corporate partners, the media, or other organizations that work with SJW. You agree that SJW, its owners, agents, partners, facility providers, and employees are not held liable for damages and injuries associated with SJW publishing, including any and all claims based on negligence, including SJW’s negligence.
You agree that SJW in camp promotional materials and other print and online media may use all projects and work created while at SJW for SJW education program purposes. These projects may be shared and used by corporate partners, the media, or other organizations that work with SJW. You agree that SJW and/or any participant in the group that creates media, including but not limited to digital photos, video, audio and other media formats may use any media, analog or digital created by SJW for promotional and support generating purposes.
Terms of Use
By accessing and using Stanford Jazz Workshop’s Website, you are hereby agreeing to be legally bound by and comply with, Stanford Jazz Workshop’s policies and procedures, including these Terms of Use. If you do not agree with the Terms of Use, please do not access or use this Website.
This Website and your personal information are maintained and operated solely for the educational and non-profit purposes of Stanford Jazz Workshop. Your use of this Website is at your own risk. The materials posted on this Website are provided to you “as is” without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. Stanford Jazz Workshop does not warrant that the functioning of this Website will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that the Website, the server that makes it available, or any other technologies used in connection with the Website or your personal information are free of viruses or other harmful components. Stanford Jazz Workshop does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use of materials on this Website or maintenance of your personal information in terms of correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.
Under no circumstances, including but not limited to our negligence, shall Stanford Jazz Workshop be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or inability to use, the materials on this Website or the maintenance of personal information, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of consequential damages, so the above exclusion may not apply to you. In no event shall Stanford Jazz Workshop’s total liability to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action, including but not limited to our negligence, arising out of or in connection with your use of this Website, exceed the amounts paid by you to Stanford Jazz Workshop, if any, for accessing this Website or participating in any Stanford Jazz Workshop events.
All site design, text, images, photographs, illustrations, audio clips, video clips, artwork, graphic material, code, or other copyrightable elements on this Website, and the selection and arrangements thereof, and trademarks are the property of Stanford Jazz Workshop and/or other respective owners, and are protected, without limitation, pursuant to U.S. and foreign copyright and trademark laws. You may use and display the Website and material contained in it for your personal non-commercial use only.
You agree that these Terms of Use and your use of this Website are governed by California law and that all disputes regarding these Terms of Use or this Website will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state and federal courts located in Santa Clara County, California.
This Website may have links to other websites as a convenience to our users. These may include links to websites operated by government agencies, other nonprofit organizations and private businesses. When you use one of these links, you are no longer on this Website and you are subject to the policies and procedures of that new website. Stanford Jazz Workshop does not warrant the accuracy, reliability or timeliness of any information published by these external websites, nor does Stanford Jazz Workshop endorse any content, viewpoints, products or services offered by these external websites. Any person who relies on any information, products or services offered by these external websites does so at his or her own risk.
Stanford Jazz Workshop reserves the right to modify these Terms of Use at any time. Such modifications shall be effective immediately upon posting the modified Terms of Use on this page. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review these Terms of Use periodically, and to be aware of any modifications. Your continued use of this Website after such modifications will constitute your acknowledgment of the modified Terms of Use and your agreement to abide and be bound by the modified Terms of Use.
Please contact us if you have any questions regarding these Terms of Use.
For questions about our Privacy Policy or Terms of Use
E-mail: info@stanfordjazz.org
Postal mail:
Stanford Jazz Workshop
P.O. Box 20454
Stanford, CA 94309
Phone: 650-736-0324
Fax: 650-856-4155
In their own words
SJW an excellent atmosphere where the kids could interact with the professionals.
Stanford Jazz parentJazz Camp
We were the very fortunate recipients of generous financial aid, without which our son could not have attended. This was the first time he went to a music camp, and we are all so happy he did. Thank you!
Stanford Jazz parentJazz Camp
Best experience imaginable. It far exceeded our expectations. Our daughter can’t wait for next year.
Stanford Jazz parentJazz Camp
Thank you for offering this program, and helping my daughter grow in her confidence and her music abilities.
Stanford Jazz ParentJazz Camp
First thing he said when he got home was he wants to go back next summer and he wish he could go for two weeks next year.
Stanford Jazz parentJazz Camp
SJW is an amazing and one-of-a-kind program.
Stanford Jazz parentJazz Camp
SJW has inspired our girls to pursue their music through jazz bands, orchestra, pep bands, chamber groups, and musical theater. Thank you so much.
Stanford Jazz parentJazz Camp
After the second day of camp, my daughter said ‘It’s getting easier.’ She described how jazz is different from classical music and how much she enjoys playing jazz with a group. And, of course, the concert on the final day was amazing!
Stanford Jazz parentGiant Steps Day Camp
My daughter said all the teachers are amazing, super supportive of students learning jazz for the first time.
Stanford Jazz parentGiant Steps Day Camp
She said it was awesome that the teachers appreciated how courageous the students were to try jazz for the first time.
Stanford Jazz parentGiant Steps Day Camp
The entire experience was wonderful! She had a great time learning music and making new friends. Thank you!
Stanford Jazz parentGiant Steps Day Camp
I wish it was longer than one week. I’d have my son in for the whole summer if possible!
Stanford Jazz parentGiant Steps Day Camp
Every time my son finished his rehearsal, he would tell me all about it with excitement.
Stanford Jazz parentGiant Steps Big Band
I was impressed with everything from the communication, the level of professionalism, the enthusiasm, the ratio of coaches to students, the quality of the instruction, and that the students had fun and grew as musicians.
Stanford Jazz parentGiant Steps Big Band
My daughter said she would never forget the performance. (Nor will I.)
Stanford Jazz parentGiant Steps Big Band
I also loved the performance — the kids sounded terrific and they all looked intensely excited to be part of it.
Stanford Jazz parentGiant Steps Big Band
At the end of each class, he was always upbeat and excited about all that he learned. And he said that the teachers were so nice and supportive, and that everyone just wanted to him to succeed.
Stanford Jazz parentGiant Steps Big Band
The staff made all that hard work exciting and fun for the kids. I saw the last ten minutes of a couple of sessions and loved the energy, passion, and enthusiasm.
Stanford Jazz parentGiant Steps Big Band
The staff had high standards for the kids, but did not make it grim. It was obvious that everyone was having fun. And, they sounded amazing!
Stanford Jazz parentGiant Steps Big Band
Giant Steps had a profound impact on my daughter. It changed the way she saw herself.
Stanford Jazz parentGiant Steps Big Band
She went in as a trumpet player in her middle school band and came out thinking of herself as a nascent jazz musician. Her playing and musicianship improved tremendously. Her love of playing jazz trumpet also grew.
Stanford Jazz parentGiant Steps Big Band
Those 10 weeks stretched him as a musician and gave him a huge boost in confidence. He is now a freshman at Menlo-Atherton High, and he and a bunch of his friends in Intermediate Jazz Band have set up their own quintet and are working together on music selection, arrangement, rehearsals etc.
Stanford Jazz parentGiant Steps Bg Band
It surpassed our expectations in all respects. Thank you!
Stanford Jazz parentGiant Steps Big Band
Giant Steps was a life-changing experience for my daughter. It empowered her and showed her what was possible if she challenged herself and continued to play jazz trumpet.
Stanford Jazz parentGiant Steps Big Band
My favorite thing? Direct one-on-one teaching, exactly where I need to be taught and challenged in my artistic endeavors.
Stanford Jazz parentJazz Institute
It’s an amazing opportunity to study from the greats, in a place where inspiration and electricity abound.
Stanford Jazz parentJazz Institute
The total-immersion program of playing, listening, and learning has inspired me to continue making my own music until I can return to SJW next year.
Stanford Jazz parentJazz Institute
I had no idea about the level of inspiration I would get, or the number of things it is now clear I need to work on.
Stanford Jazz parentJazz Insititute
This week has been an incredible learning opportunity for me as a student, and I can’t wait to apply all that I’ve learned here in my outside musical career. The level of skill and growth I attained this week is priceless. I love the Stanford Jazz Workshop.
Kendra K.
My highlight was seeing my shy daughter perform her first public jazz solo and do an amazing job.
Stanford Jazz parentJazz Camp
While here, my knowledge of theory, technique and musicianship improved immensely. I never thought I could learn what I did or do what I have achieved.
Zakiya M.
What makes the SJW community so special is that it creates an environment in which artists can readily share music and educational ideas with each other, with students, and with concert audiences. This interaction between people of different generations and backgrounds is so much of what jazz has always been about.
Regina Carterjazz violinist & MacArthur Fellow
I wish the SJW Jazz Camp was longer than one week. I’d have my son in for the whole summer if possible!
Stanford Jazz parentJazz Camp
All week I was able to interact with some of my greatest musical heroes and learn from their expertise. The master classes with Jason Moran, Joshua Redman, Mark Turner and Jeff Ballard changed the way I think about the music.
Jazz Institute participant
Simply put, Stanford Jazz Workshop changed my life that first summer.
Jaz Sawyerdrummer& jazz educator
When we picked our son up, he said ‘I was among giants’ and was very excited by the professional level of the musicians he met during the week.
Stanford Jazz parentJazz Camp
You’ve got 200 eager kids there, and you’ve got your friends there who are also musicians. Every single year the Stanford Jazz Festival date is my favorite gig.
Taylor Eigstipianist & SJW Advisory Board Member
PreviousNext
Sign up for our e-news!
Important Links Register
Financial Aid
Buy Tickets
Donate
Connect with Us! Stanford Jazz Workshop
P.O. Box 20454
Stanford, CA 94309
Phone: 650-736-0324
Fax: 650-856-4155
Email: info@stanfordjazz.org
Please email inquires about performing at the Stanford Jazz Festival to info@stanfordjazz.org.
Download the 2020 Updated Brochure
Scroll to top