https://stevejames.com/privacy-policy/
Who we are
Our website address is: https://stevejames.com. This website is maintained for Steve James by Hobemian Records
POB 4704
Seattle WA 98194
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Contact forms
To communicate with Steve James  we collect your email address.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
Hobemian Records for marketing purposes.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
If you contact us via your email, we retain it unless you ask us to delete it. Same with shipping information.
Additional information
How we protect your data
We use Wordfence on site and BCC headers when sending email.
What data breach procedures we have in place
Your credit card info is processed through Paypal, so we do not see your credit card information.
What third parties we receive data from
Paypal, Wordfence
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
None of our decisions are automated-humans make the mistakes around here.
CONTACT Steve James
POB 4764
Seattle WA 98194
steve"at"stevejames"dot"com
Your Shopping CartYour cart is empty
The News
More on the Revolution Bridge!
August 12, 2020
Revolution…bridge!
July 2, 2020
A Story of Three instruments
June 23, 2020
Gone fishing…
June 1, 2020
Two-Track Mind is back
May 11, 2020
At the shop, May 2020
May 8, 2020
Blues and Folk Songs Vol One
May 8, 2020
Fingerstyle Explorations Book is here!
March 22, 2019
News from Steve James workshop 2018
February 21, 2018
new Steve James CD
April 21, 2016