https://submarinechannel.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
When you visit one of our websites, we might place a cookie on your computer to collect anonymized data about your visit. These cookies will never contain personal information, such as your name or email address. We respect your privacy on all our websites.
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small file that is automatically sent along with the content of a website. Your browser stores the cookie on your computer/device. In successive visits to the same site the information might be sent back to our servers. Cookies provide us insight in how you make use of our websites. Cookies will not harm your computer.
Cookies can be used for a variety of reasons. We use only these:
Functional cookies
These cookies are required for our websites to operate, for example to store your language settings while visiting these sites; to temporarily store information about your progress in a game or documentary, and/or your login status across multiple pages.
Analytical cookies
By placing analytical cookies we can measure how many people visit our websites. Because we value your privacy, we are taking the following steps to guarantee that we only use anonymized data and we handle that data with the utmost care:
All our sites are being updated to handle only secure internet traffic (https)
We mask the last octet (part) of your IP address
We don’t share your personal data with Google
We don’t use other Google services in combination with Google Analytics Cookies
We have concluded a Processor Agreement with Google
We use the Analytical cookies to
measure the number of visitors on pages of our websites and their provenance
measure the time spent by visitors on our websites
measure the use of links and interactive elements on our websites
measure the paths our visitors choose in our websites
analyze data about devices and browsers used by our visitors
Social media and other third party cookies
Some of our websites feature options to share our content on social media channels, such as FaceBook, Twitter, Instagram and selected other social platforms. To enable these sharing options, the operators of these networks might place their own cookies.
We embed content such as maps, images, audio and video from Google Maps, YouTube, Vimeo and other providers in our websites. These providers might also place cookies on your computer. If you have any questions regarding use, data retention and how they respect your privacy we kindly refer you to the statements put out by those providers.
Removing and refusing cookies
If you don’t want websites to place cookies on your computer/device, please adjust your browser settings. We have to advise you that some of our websites don’t operate optimally without the use of cookies. To find information about adjusting your browser settings please consult the help function of your browser.
Updates to this statement
We reserve the right to make changes in this statement. We advise you to consult this statement regularly, to stay informed about it’s content.
This statement has been changed on May 24, 2018