https://subterraneanpress.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode/
Skip to Main Content »
Search:
All Books
PreordersNew TitlesIn PrintOther PublishersAward Winning TitleseBooks
SF & Fantasy
In PrintPreordersOut of Print
Horror & Thriller
In PrintPreordersOut of Print
MagazineNews
info@subterraneanpress.com
Shipping & Customer Service
My Account
My Account
My Wishlist
My Cart
Checkout
Log In
Shopping Cart 					(0 item)
My Cart
You have no items in your shopping cart.
You're currently on:
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Subterranean Press is committed to protecting your privacy. This Statement of Privacy applies to Subterranean Press Web site and governs data collection and usage at all Subterranean Press sites and services; it does not apply to other online or offline sites, products or services. Please read the Subterranean Press Statement of Privacy. Subterranean Press is a general audience web site, intended for users of all ages. Personal information of all users is collected, used and disclosed as described in this Statement of Privacy.
Collection of your Personal InformationAs an E-commerce Web site, Subterranean Press collects personal information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Information collected by Subterranean Press is used solely for the purpose of billing and shipping your online purchases. Subterranean Press does not collect any information about your computer hardware and software.
Subterranean Press encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Subterranean Press so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. We are not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Subterranean Press Web site.
Use of your Personal InformationSubterranean Press and its operational service partners collect and use your personal information to process product orders and deliver the products requested. It is possible that Subterranean Press may also use personal information to inform you of other products or services available from Subterranean Press and its affiliates. Subterranean Press may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Subterranean Press does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Subterranean Press may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your personal information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party.
We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as handling the processing and delivery of mailings, providing customer support, processing transactions, or performing statistical analysis of our services. We will only provide those companies the personal information they need to deliver the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information and are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
Subterranean Press does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.Subterranean Press may access and/or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Subterranean Press or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Subterranean Press, including its Web site; or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Subterranean Press or the public.
Personal information collected on this site may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Subterranean Press or its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, and by using this site, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country. Subterranean Press abides by the safe harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data from the European Union. Control your Personal InformationSubterranean Press offers its customers choices for the collection, use and sharing of personal information. You may go notify us of your preferences by emailing subpress@gmail.com. Please be sure to provide complete account information so we can identify you in our records.
You may also stop the delivery of future promotional e-mail from Subterranean Press by responding directly to any email you receive with a request to remove you from the mailing list.
Security of your Personal InformationSubterranean Press is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access that are located in controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential information (such as a credit card number) over the Internet, we use a secure payment gateway so your information is protected.
Changes to this StatementSubterranean Press will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. If there are material changes to this Statement or in how Subterranean Press will use your personal information, Subterranean Press will prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change. Subterranean Press encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Subterranean Press is protecting your information.
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE nameCOOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
Sign Up
for news and offers
Make sure you don't miss interesting happenings by joining our newsletter program.
Subscribe
Information
About Us
Customer Service
Privacy Policy
Search Terms
Orders and Returns
Site Map
My account
Sign In
View Cart
My Wishlist
Check out
Track My Orders
Location
Address:
P.O. Box 190106
Burton, Michigan 48519
Fax:
©2020 Subterranean Press. All rights reserved.
Sign up for our newsletter
Subscribe
Change Email Address