https://summitmediacorp.com/section/privacy-policy
Home
Our Stations
Our Digital Advantage
Listen online
Contact Us
Menu
Home
About Us
Our Stations
Our Digital Advantage
Listen online
Employment
Press Releases
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting this website or application, which is owned and operated by SummitMedia, LLC (“SUMMIT”) or an Affiliate of SUMMIT. “Affiliate” means a company controlling, controlled by or under common control with another company. This site is one of a network of sites and/or applications operated by SUMMIT or Affiliates of SUMMIT (each a “SUMMIT Affiliate Site” and, collectively, the “SUMMIT Network of Sites”). Each SUMMIT Affiliate Site has adopted the terms and conditions of this privacy policy to the extent applicable. This privacy policy is a binding legal contract between you and the SUMMIT Affiliate that operates this website or application (“we,” “us” or “our”) and governs your use of such website, application, and/or mobile application and any other service offered or content made available from or through such website, application, and/or mobile application, including any subdomains thereof (collectively, the “Service”). Please read this privacy policy carefully. By using the Service, you accept the terms of this agreement without limitation, qualification or change. We may change the terms of this agreement or introduce new terms and conditions from time to time, in which case we will post an updated version of this agreement on this web site and will update the “Last Updated” date above to reflect the date the changes take effect. By continuing to use this Service after we post any such changes, you accept this agreement, as modified. Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any new or additional features that augment or enhance the current Service, including the release of new products and services, will be subject to the terms and conditions of this agreement. You agree to follow and comply with any applicable laws in your use of the Service.
This privacy policy is provided to explain the ways in which we collect information from you through your use of the Service, and the ways that we may use that information. This privacy policy does not apply to any information you may provide to us through other means; for example, at a live event, via mail, or via telephone.
CERTAIN PRIVACY RIGHTS UNDER VARIOUS STATE LAWS
Certain applicable state laws may allow you to request information about certain types of personal information (if any) that we have disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes. However, under the law, we may not be required to provide this information to you as long as we: (1) hereby notify you of that you have the right to prevent disclosure of personal information, and (2) provide you with a cost-free means to exercise that right. As noted in this privacy policy, we require you to opt-in to activities where we would share your personal information with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes. If you would like to prevent disclosure of your personal information for use in direct marketing by a third party, do not opt-in to participate in these activities. If you have opted in to one of these activities, but you later decide that you would like to prevent our disclosure of your personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes, please contact us.
TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Overview
The information we gather generally falls into one of two categories: (1) information (for example, your name and address) that you voluntarily supply when you register with our Service, initiate transactions on or through the Service (such as buying products or services through the Service), or when you participate in the features we offer through the Service (such as comments posted on a blog, discussion group, or other social networking features on the Service), and (2) information gathered on usage patterns and preferences as visitors navigate through our Service. In some cases, one of our agents or Affiliates may collect the information on our behalf. Third party Service Providers (as defined below) that provide all or some of the services available through this Service also may be gathering the same kinds of information.
Registration Information
To make use of certain features available through the Service (such as to receive email newsletters or to participate in some social networking features) you may need to register and to provide certain information as part of the registration process. (If permitted by this Service, you may be able to bypass some of the steps within the registration process by using your user name and password associated with your account on certain specified social networking sites when you register for our Service, but you will still have to complete the registration process after entering that information.) We or our Service Providers may also ask for information from you if you buy products or services or conduct other transactions via our Service. (We may ask, for example, for your name, email address, gender, age, zip code or credit card number, and we might request information on your interest in sports, music categories, the performing arts, and the like.) The information you supply will help us to offer you more personalized features, to tailor our Service to your interests and make them more useful to you, and also may be used in the processing of e-commerce transactions. In addition, our Service Providers may provide us with additional personal information about you that you provide to them through your separate accounts with them as described in their own privacy statements.
Contests and Other Promotions
From time to time, we may offer contests, sweepstakes or other promotions via our Service. If you enter one of these contests, sweepstakes or promotions, you’ll have to provide information about yourself (such as your name, address, telephone number and email address) so that we can administer and operate the contest, sweepstakes, or promotion (including contacting you if you win, fulfilling a prize, and publishing a winners’ list). If you don’t want us to collect the information requested in the promotion registration form or to provide it to any of our Affiliates, Service Providers and co-sponsor(s) as described below, please do not enter the contest, sweepstakes or promotion.
Email Newsletters
We may also offer you the opportunity to subscribe to email newsletters that we make available through the Service. If you have opted to receive a particular newsletter, you may always unsubscribe later if you decide not to receive further mailings of the newsletter from us.
Cookies
To help make our sites more responsive to the needs and interests of our visitors, we keep track of the listening activities and preferences and pages visited by our users by placing a cookie, a small entry in a text file, on your hard drive. Our advertisers and Service Providers may also assign their own cookies to your browser, which is a process that we don’t control.
We use cookies to help us tailor our site to your needs and to deliver a better, more personalized service. For example, we may use cookies to personalize the ads you see on our Service or to avoid showing you the same ad repeatedly during a single visit. In addition, we may use cookies to track the pages on our Service, the SUMMIT Network of Sites, or other sites visited by our users. We may also use cookies to measure site performance and/or advertising performance. We can build a better Service if we know which pages our users are visiting and how often. You can manage your browser’s cookie setting through the “options” menu on most commercially available web browsers, including options to set your browser to notify you before accepting a cookie or to disable cookies entirely. Of course, if you set your browser not to accept cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of the personalized features enjoyed by other users of our Service.
Web Beacons
Our Service may contain electronic images (called “single-pixel GIFs” or “web beacons”) or other tools that allow us and our Affiliates, Service Providers, vendors and, where necessary, our advertisers to count users who have visited particular pages of this Service, the SUMMIT Network of Sites, or other sites or applications, or to access certain cookies. We may use these tools and other technologies to recognize which links visitors click and to track how users respond to ads we place on third-party sites or applications. These features may also be included in our email newsletters so that we can learn which messages have been opened and acted upon. In combination with cookies, these web beacons allow us (and/or our Affiliates, Service Providers, vendors, or advertisers) to track the number of users who view particular pages and to fine tune the advertising messages delivered to users of this Service and other websites and applications. We may use “clickstream” data collected using web beacons and cookies to help us tailor promotional content, including such content in email messages and on landing pages, to the perceived interests of our users. Advertising networks with which we are affiliated and third-party advertising services that we use may also use web beacons on our Service to gather similar anonymous “clickstream” information, which is used to fine tune advertising messages delivered to our visitors and visitors to other websites.
Browser Level Information and IP Addresses
Our web servers automatically collect limited information about your computer configuration or your mobile device when you use our Service, including the type of browser software you use, the operating system you’re running, the resolution of your computer monitor or mobile device, the website that referred you, the type of device you’re using, and your IP address. (Your IP address is a numerical address that is used by computers and mobile devices connected to the Internet to identify your computer or mobile device so that data (such as the web pages you want to view) can be transmitted to you. We also use IP address information for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes. Your IP address alone does not tell us who you are.) We use this information to deliver our web pages to you upon request, to tailor our Service (including ads distributed through our Service) to the interests of our users, and to measure traffic within our Service.
Social Networks
When you use the social networking features on our Service, you may be asked to log in to a social network using your social network credentials (for example, your Facebook user ID). When you log in, we may collect information about you (including personal information) from that social network. In addition, when you use one of the social network sharing tools available on our Service, the social network operating the tool may collect information about you based on such use. The social network’s use of that information will be subject to its own privacy policy, which may be different from ours.
Mobile Applications and Location-Based Information
Our Service may have the ability to use your geographic location to deliver content, services, and advertising tailored to your location. If you choose to enable our Service to use your location information, then that information will be stored and used to deliver content, services, and advertising tailored to your location. Also, when you use a mobile device or browser to access our Service, then your device and/or your browser may automatically collect and/or transmit your device’s unique identifier, IP address, location information, device make/model, wireless provider, and related information to us and our Service Providers. We and our Service Providers may use this information to deliver content, services, and advertising tailored to your location.
Data Collected in Connection with Ad Serving and Targeting
We use third-party Service Providers, such as ad networks, to serve advertising to you when you use our Service or use other sites or applications. These Service Providers may use information about your activities while you navigate through and use this Service and other web sites and applications (and that the Service Providers collect through cookies) to provide you with advertisements about products and services that they think may be of interest to you. The information used by these Service Providers for these purposes generally does not identify you personally (in other words, the Service Providers are not usually using your name, address, email address, or phone number for these purposes, although they may use your IP address, your geographic location, or your device’s unique identifier).
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
Except as expressly set forth in this privacy statement, we will not provide, sell or rent to any third party any personally identifying information that we collect from you through your use of this Service.
Service Providers
All or portions of our Service may be provided or supported by our Service’s third-party partners, agents, service providers or advertisers (collectively, our “Service Providers”), and we may share any of the information that we collect from you through our Service (e.g., anonymous information collected through cookies on your browser, information you submit to us to enter a contest, sweepstakes or promotion offered through the Service, etc.) with such Service Providers. In the event we offer services through this Service such as chat, email newsletters, email services, online classifieds and/or similar services, such services may be made available through cooperative arrangements with providers that specialize in operating such services. In some instances, our Service Providers will have the same access to your information as we do. Their use of the information will be subject to the terms of their respective privacy policies. Without your permission, we will not share the personally-identifying information you provide when registering on our Service with advertisers. We may, however, take the information you provide and aggregate it with data from all the other people that use this Service and associated services. Then we will use that pool of information to inform our advertisers about our audience without identifying you personally.
Our Affiliates
We may share any of the information that we collect from you (including anonymous information and personally identifying information that you may provide) with the other SUMMIT Affiliate Sites within the SUMMIT Network of Sites so that we and they can provide you with products and services that may be of interest to you.
Other Disclosures
We reserve the right to release information about users of our Service when release is necessary or appropriate to comply with law, to enforce this privacy statement or our visitor agreement, or to protect the rights, property or safety of users of our Service, the public, our customers, or our company and its employees, agents, partners and Affiliates. As our business grows, we may buy or sell various assets. In the unlikely event that we merge with another entity or otherwise transfer substantially all of our assets to another entity (including, without limitation, to one of our Affiliates as part of an internal reorganization), information collected from this Service would be among the transferred assets.
SHOPPING
When you purchase products and/or services through our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain information, including your contact details (such as your name, address, telephone and email), and your billing information (such as your credit card number and the date that your card expires). We may also ask you to provide additional information such as unique identifiers (such as your date of birth), and registration information (login name and password).
We will use the information you provide us to process your transaction and to contact you regarding your purchase if necessary. We will share this information with our Service Providers to the extent necessary to facilitate your purchase (for purposes such as customer service, verification, fulfillment and billing purposes). We will not sell or rent your personal billing information to any third party. We may share non-financial information with our Service Providers in accordance with this privacy statement.
OPTING IN/OPTING OUT
In certain places on the Service (for example, when registering as a user of the Service, managing your account, shopping, or participating in activities like promotional contests), we may ask you to consent to the sharing of your information with third parties with which we have business relationships. If you provide such consent (for example, by checking a box or by some other means), we will make your information available to such third parties as described in the consent form so that they, we, or both may contact you directly regarding special offers, promotions, products or services that may be of interest to you.
If you would like to completely deactivate your account, please contact us. Please note, however, that if you deactivate your account, you will not receive any newsletters from us and you will not be able to participate in any of our sweepstakes or contests. You agree that, subject to applicable law, we may use your information to contact you for customer service, to inform you of important changes or additions to our Service or the services offered over our Service and to send you administrative notices or any communications relevant to your use of our Service.
If you have subscribed to one of our email newsletters, you may unsubscribe from future mailings (for example, by clicking on an unsubscribe link in an email newsletter or by modifying your account settings on our Service).
If you have submitted your information on a page provided in conjunction with one of our Service Providers, the information you submit may be jointly maintained by us and the Service Provider. If you decide to opt out of our Service, you may also need to contact the Service Provider separately to request the Service Provider to remove your information from its database.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
This Service is not directed at children under the age of 13. If you’re under 13, please do not provide us with any personally identifying information about yourself (such as your name, your email address or your phone number). We do not knowingly collect, use or disclose personally identifiable information from anyone under 13 years of age. If we determine upon collection that a user is under this age, we will not use or maintain his/her personal information without the parent/guardian’s consent. If necessary, we will make reasonable efforts to delete such information from our records. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to provide personal information through the Service without their permission.
DATA SECURITY
We take information security seriously; however, no electronic data transmission or storage of data can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you use the Service and provide us with your information at your own risk.
OTHER SITES
The SUMMIT Network of Sites and the Service may contain links to other sites that we do not own or operate. This includes links from advertisers, sponsors and/or partners that may use our logo(s) as part of a co-branding or co-marketing agreement. We do not control, recommend or endorse and are not responsible for these sites or their content, products, services or privacy policies or practices. These other sites may send their own cookies to your device, they may independently collect data or solicit personal information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies. You should also independently assess the authenticity of any site which appears or claims that it is part of the SUMMIT Network of Sites (including those linked to through an email or social networking page).
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT
We may change the terms of this privacy statement or introduce new terms and conditions from time to time, in which case we will post an updated version of this privacy statement on this Service and will update the “Last Updated” date above to reflect the date the changes take effect. By continuing to use this Service after we post any such changes, you accept this privacy statement, as modified.
Return
About Us
Our Stations
Listen Online
Contact Us
Our Digital Advantage
Employment
Press Releases
Privacy Policy
Visitor Agreement
Official Rules
EEO Report
Close X