https://sunburyshores.org/terms-conditions/
Store
Classes
Memberships
Donate
Call for New Board Members
About
Programs
Classes and Workshops
Bursaries
Artist in Residence Programs
CLASS Program
SCAMPs
Studios
Exhibits
Current
Deck the Walls: Fire and Ice
Apply to Exhibit
Events
Videos
Store
Go ahead and feel good about your booking or purchase – each and every transaction directly supports Sunbury Shores Arts & Nature Centre and our Artists/Instructors.
Purchases From Sunbury Shores Arts & Nature Centre
(a) Credit Card Charges ALL PRICING IS SHOWN IN CANADIAN CURRENCY.
We accept the following credit cards: Visa, MasterCard, American Express, JCB or Discover
Your credit card will be charged when you place an order online. In the case of any stocked out item, you will be contacted by a Sunbury Shores Arts & Nature Centre Inc. representative for a reorder or refund of the item.
All Items remain the property of Sunbury Shores Arts & Nature Centre Inc. until complete payment has been cleared.
(b) Confirmation of Order
You will receive an e-mail conformation of your order. Please note the Confirmation and Date for purposes of order tracking.
(c) Order Cancellation
Order cancellation will be accepted via email within 24 hours of initial placement of order. A Handling Charge of $5.00 may be made to cover processing expenses.
(d) Purchase of Gift Cards
Please note that we currently do not offer electronic gift cards; we provide a physical card only that must be shipped to a recipient or picked up onsite.
Shipping Policy
Sunbury Shores Arts & Nature Centre Inc. is willing and able to ship items to customers wherever possible, but given all items vary by size and weight, customers should contact us direct for shipping methods and quotes. Appropriate packaging is not included in the sales price and will be calculated and added separately.
Sunbury Shores Arts & Nature Centre Inc., will notify you if any item cannot be shipped within 30 days of purchase, at which point you have the option to cancel your order, or wait until the item becomes available.
Some heavy or bulky items may require additional shipping charges. We will communicate any additional charges to you prior to shipping.
Shipping rates are calculated based on the method of shipping, weight of the order and its destination.
Sales Taxes, Customs and Duty
As we are a Registered Not-For-Profit Charity, we do not charge Sales Taxes unless we are collecting on behalf of an Artists who is registered for HST. If this is the case, the Sales Tax will be included in the price, with notice as such. Sales taxes are based on New Brunswick sales. If you are purchasing from a different province, please contact us directly. All customs and duties charges are the responsibility of the receiver according to the applicable laws of your country. Customs and duty charges will be billed separately by the shipping carrier.
Returns
We want all our customers to be completely satisfied with their purchases.
If you are not completely satisfied with your purchase you may return it within 30 days.
The merchandise must be in original condition, accompanied by the sales receipt and brought back to Sunbury Shores Arts & Nature Centre Inc. or shipped at your own expense. All refunds will be tendered as per the original purchase. Refunds will be issued once the merchandise has been received, provided it is in original condition. We will not refund any shipping or duty charges. Any specially commissioned pieces negotiated through Sunbury Shores Arts & Nature Centre Inc. are not returnable without prior consultation, arrangement and agreement with Sunbury Shores Arts & Nature Centre, in consultation and with the agreement of the Artist from whom the work was commissioned.
Accuracy of Information on the Site
We do our best to ensure that information on our Site is complete, accurate and current. Despite our efforts, however, information on our Site may occasionally be inaccurate, incomplete or out of date. All specifications, products, descriptions and prices of products on the Site are subject to change at any time without notice. We make all reasonable efforts to accurately display the attributes of our products, including the applicable colours. However, the actually colours you see will depend on your computer system, and we cannot guarantee that your computer will accurately display such colours. We do not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the information, content nor materials provided through the Site.
The inclusion of any product or services on the Site at a particular time does not imply or warrant that these products or services will be available at any time. We reserve the right to discontinue any product at any time.
Terms of Sale
By placing an order with us, you are i) offering to purchase a product, ii) representing that you are of legal age to form a binding contract, and iii) representing that all information you provide to us in connection with such order is true and accurate and you are an authorized user of the payment method provided. The receipt by you of an order confirmation does not constitute our acceptance of an order. We retain the right to refuse any order request made by you.
Prior to our acceptance of an order, verification of information may be required. We reserve the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept, modify or decline your order, or any portion thereof, event after your receipt of an order confirmation from us, for any reason whatsoever. We reserve the right to limit the number of items ordered and to refuse service to you without prior notification. In the even that an item lists an incorrect price, either due to typographical or other error, we shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such order placed for the incorrect price, regardless of whether the order is being, or has been processed. If payment has already been made or if your account has already been charged for the purchase and the order is cancelled, we will credit your account in the amount of the incorrect price.
Disclaimer of Liability
This disclaimer of liability applies to any damages or injury caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay of operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of record, whether for breach of contract, tortious behaviour, negligence, or under any other cause of action. Customer specially acknowledges the service is not liable for the defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of other customers or third parties and that the risk of injury from the foregoing rests entirely with customers.
Neither the service nor any of its agents, affiliates or content provides shall be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages arising out of use of the service of inability to gain access to or use the service or out of any breach of any warranty. Customer hereby acknowledges that the provisions of this section shall apply to all content on the service.
Intellectual Property
The Site and all of its materials, including, but not limited to, its software or HTML code, scripts, text, artwork, photographs, images, video, and audio (collectively, “Materials” ) are protected by copyright laws and other U.S. and international laws and treaties and are property of Sunbury Shores Arts & Nature Centre Inc. or its licensors. All Materials are provided through the Site as a service to its current and prospective visitors and may be used only for personal and informational purposes and only if you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the Materials. No right, title or interest in Sunbury Shores Arts & Nature Centre Inc Materials is conveyed to you. You may not copy, reproduce, publish, transmit, distribute, perform, display, post, modify, create derivative works from, sell, license or otherwise exploit the Site or any of its Materials without our prior written permission; you may not access or use the Site for any competitive or commercial purpose; nor may you permit any copying of our Materials. Any unauthorized copying, alteration, distribution, transmission, performance, display, or other use of these Materials is prohibited. Any and all rights not expressly granted are reserved by Sunbury Shores Arts & Nature Centre Inc., as applicable.
Linking
Periodically, links may be established from the Site to one or more external websites or resources operated by third parties (the “Third Party Sites”). These links are provided for your convenience only. In addition, certain Third Party Sites also may provide links to the Site. None of such links should be deemed to imply that Sunbury Shores Arts & Nature Centre Inc. endorses the Third Party Sites or any content therein. We do not control and are not responsible for any Third Party Sites or any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available through such Third Party Sites. Access to any Third Party Sites is at your own risk.
Revisions
We may terminate, change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the Site, including the availability of any features of the Site, at any time and without notice. We also reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove any portion of these Site Rules in whole or in part, at any time and without notice. Accordingly, this means we may terminate the authorization, rights and license given in these Site Rules at any time and without notice. Your continued use of the Site after any changes to these Site Rules are posted will be considered acceptance of those changes.
Acceptable Use
Users’ use of the Site, any Content, and any information provided by the User including user names and passwords, addresses, e-mail addresses, phone number, financial information (such as credit card numbers), information related to a Sunbury Shores Arts & Nature Centre Inc. membership card or employer name (“User Information”) transmitted in connection with the Site is limited to the contemplated functionality of the Site. In no event may the Site be used in a manner that
a) harasses, abuses, stalks, threatens, defames, or otherwise infringes or violates the rights of any other party (including but not limited to rights of publicity or other proprietary rights); b) is unlawful, fraudulent, or deceptive; c) provides sensitive personal information unless specifically requested by Sunbury Shores Arts & Nature Centre Inc.; d) includes spam or any unsolicited advertising; e) uses technology or other means to access Sunbury Shores Arts & Nature Centre Inc., or Content that is not authorized by Sunbury Shores Arts & Nature Centre Inc.; f) uses or launches any automated system, including without limitation, ‘robots,’ ‘spiders”, or ‘offline readers’, to access Sunbury Shores Arts & Nature Centre Inc., or Content; g) attempts to introduce viruses or any other computer code, files, or programs that interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of any computer software, hardware, or telecommunications equipment; h) attempts to gain unauthorized access to Sunbury Shores Arts & Nature Centre Inc., computer network or user accounts; i) encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense or that gives rise to civil liability; j) violates the terms; k) attempts to damage, disable, over burden, or impair Sunbury Shores Arts & Nature Centre Inc.’s servers or networks; l) impersonates any person or entity or otherwise misrepresents your identity or affiliation with another person or entity; or m) fails to comply with applicable third party terms (collectively “Acceptable Use”). Sunbury Shores Arts & Nature Centre Inc.reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate any User License, terminate any User’s participation in the Site, remove Content, or assert legal action with respect to Content or use of the Site, that Sunbury Shores Arts & Nature Centre Inc. reasonably believes is or might be in violation of these Terms, or Sunbury Shores Arts & Nature Centre Inc. policies including the Sunbury Shores Arts & Nature Centre Inc. membership Terms and Conditions. Sunbury Shores Arts & Nature Centre Inc.s’ failure or delay in taking such actions does not constitute a waiver of its right to enforce these Terms.
Contact Us
Visit our contact page for details
Shop Hours
Visit our home page for location and hours.
3rd May, 2020.
© 2020 · Sunbury Shores · All Rights Reserved
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Reject
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Policy
SSANC is committed to protecting the privacy of the personal information of its members, employees and affiliates. SSANC values the trust of all those with whom we interact. During the course of our various projects and activities SSANC frequently gathers and uses personal information. Information gathered by SSANC is carefully protected and is obtained with express consent. This document describes SSANC’s privacy policy.
What is personal information and what does Sunbury Shores Arts & Nature Centre do with mine?
We collect information volunteered by members that include: name, email address, phone number, payment information and business information. Information provided is used: to ensure our membership database is current and accurate; to process payments for programs, sales, donations and venue/facility rentals; membership renewals; to respond to information requests; and communicate future events, and promotions.
Payment information is not stored unless member account is specifically set up to have auto-recurring payments for annual membership renewal. Members are able, by request, to change this on their account at any time from auto-recurring to manual/one-time payment and vice versa.
Who has access to my personal information?
Personal information gathered by SSANC is kept in confidence. SSANC employees and directors and affiliates are authorized to access such personal information based only on their need to deal with the information for the reason(s) for which it was obtained. Safeguards are in place to ensure that information is not shared or disclosed more widely than necessary.
With the exception of our Membership Swap collaboration with Craft NB, (comprising contact information only) your information will not be shared with any other organizations without notice.
Sunbury Shores Art & Nature Centre and Craft NB Membership Swap Collaboration
As an added benefit to general members, Sunbury Shores Arts & Nature Centre and Craft NB are combining our general memberships to provide more content and programming. This means that SSANC members will receive Craft NB general member amenities, and Craft NB members will receive our general (individual) member amenities. Please note that at any time, you may unsubscribe to Craft NB by contacting us.
Updating Privacy Policy
Sunbury Shores Arts & Nature Centre reviews its privacy practices regularly and constantly revises the policy.
Contact Information
Located in Saint Andrews New Brunswick, you can contact us using the following details.
Sunbury Shores Arts & Nature Centre
139 Water Street, St. Andrews NB  E5B 1A7
Phone: 506.529.3386
E-mail: info@sunburyshores.org
General Hours: Mon – Sat 10am – 4pm
Closed Sundays & Holidays
Cookie Policy
This website uses cookies so that we can provide the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognizing you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Enable All
Save Settings