https://sweetslyrics.com/privacy-policy
Music
Artists
Lyrics
Albums
Search
Artists
Lyrics
Albums
News
Contact
a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Sweetslyrics, grants you hereby access to sweetslyrics.com ("the Website") and invites you to make use of our services offered here.
Sweetslyrics reserves the right to change the content or remove parts at any time without having to notify you
Liability
Sweetslyrics makes every effort to update and/or supplement the content of the Website as often as possible. Despite this care and attention, it is possible that content is incomplete and/or incorrect.
The materials offered on the Website are offered without any form of warranty or claim to correctness. These materials can change on any moment without prior notification by Sweetslyrics.
The content of the Website is partly obtained by automated means. Sweetslyrics does its utmost to update and/or supplement this content as often as possible. Nevertheless, it is possible that this content is incomplete, obsolete and/or incorrect.
Users can place content on the Website themselves. Sweetslyrics does not exercise prior checking or editorial supervision, but will seriously investigate complaints about user content and intervene where necessary. Please contact us via the contact form.
Sweetslyrics can never accept liability for hyperlinks to websites or services of third parties included on the Website.
Cookie Policy
We use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our website, to show you personalized content and targeted ads, to analyze our website traffic, and to understand where our visitors are coming from.
Cookies are very small text files that are stored on your computer when you visit a website. We use cookies for a variety of purposes and to enhance your online experience on our website (for example, to remember your account login details).
We use 4 kind of cookies:
1) Stricly necessary cookies: These cookies are essential to provide you with services available through our website and to enable you to use certain features of our website. Without these cookies, we cannot provide you certain services on our website.
2) Functional cookies: These cookies are used to provide you with a more personalized experience on our website and to remember choices you make when you use our website. For example, we may use functionality cookies to remember your language preferences or remember your login details.
3) Tracking and performance cookies: These cookies are used to collect information to analyze the traffic to our website and how visitors are using our website. For example, these cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the website or the pages you visit which helps us to understand how we can improve our website site for you. The information collected through these tracking and performance cookies do not identify any individual visitor.
4) Targeting and advertising cookies: These cookies are used to show advertising that is likely to be of interest to you based on your browsing habits. These cookies, as served by our content and/or advertising providers, may combine information they collected from our website with other information they have independently collected relating to your web browser's activities across their network of websites. If you choose to remove or disable these targeting or advertising cookies, you will still see adverts but they may not be relevant to you.
For more information about our partner's cookie policy and/or to op-out you can refer to these pages:
Google - https://myaccount.google.com/privacy
Google Analytics - https://policies.google.com/privacy
Bandsintown & Tonefuse - https://corp.bandsintown.com/cookie-policy
33 Across - https://www.33across.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Taboola - https://www.taboola.com/cookie-policy
Additionally you can disable cookies via the settings in your browser. To do so please refer to the help files of your browser
Personal Data
Al personal data you fill in (in your profile or in forms), is be saved in our database and will only be used to contact you. Your name can be shown by al your entries (for example: your name is shown next to every text you’ve added or corrected). When you mark the checkbox in your profile which states that other, signed in members, may contact you, they can send you messages through the contactform. Your e-mail address will not be shown. Personal contact information will never be released, sold or used for commercial means.
We`ll also never give our sell your contact information to other parties unless we`re legally obliged to do so
You may always ask to have your personal information removed or corrected.
Youtube
This website makes use of the Youtube API in order to find matching video clips to our content. Therefore, by using this site, you agree to be bound by the Youtube Terms of Service
Links
On this site you`ll find links to external websites. These are chosen with great care and should not include illegal (music)files nor promote illegal activities. Sweetslyrics is not liable for the content or consequences when any of these sites do not obey local legislation. In case you find a link on our site to such content you can notify us through the contactform so we can remove the url from our site.
Royalty
All intellectual property rights concerning these materials belong to Sweetslyrics and its licensors and visitors.
All published texts are copyrighted by their respective owner(s). The lyrics, chords and tablatures are available for educational & private purposes only and may not be used for any other purpose without the written permission of their respective owner (s). The used images (eg CD covers) were obtained from public internet sources and are for illustrative purposes only.
All rights of the artists are fully respected. If an artist or label does not want his/her/their lyrics, chords and/or tablatures published on this site and would like to have these removed or modified from this site, he can notify us through the contact form. Artists or labels who would like to see their lyrics published here may of course always contact us.
Copying, distribution and any other use of these materials is not permitted without written permission from Sweetslyrics, except and only insofar otherwise established in regulations of mandatory law (such as the right to quote), unless stated otherwise at specific materials
Contact
For other questions or remarks feel free to contact us.