https://tamingthesaxophone.com/privacy
Skip to content
MENUMENU£0.00
Privacy
Home > Site Info > Privacy
Your Privacy is Important
CafeSaxophone Ltd (t/a Taming The Saxophone) values the privacy of visitors to our website and individuals whose personal information we receive through the use of form submissions and other related services. This privacy policy explains how we collect personal information on our website, and how we use and disclose that personal information. This privacy policy also describes our collection and use of personal information on behalf of our customers (“Clients”) who subscribe to our Customer Identity Management Platform and related services.
By providing your personal information to our website, you consent to the information handling practices described in this privacy policy. We encourage you to read the section titled “Your Choices” below to understand the choices you have with regard to your personal information.
This Privacy Policy also applies to personal information that we collect by other means, which we combine with personal information collected on Taming The Saxophone or through the operation and delivery of our Services.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the Taming The Saxophone Terms of Service. Any capitalised terms not defined herein have the meaning set forth in the Taming The Saxophone Terms of Service.
2. Information We Collect
We collect the following data about users: (1) information that you voluntarily submit to us (“User-Supplied Information”); (2) technical data automatically collected from all visitors to the Taming The Saxophone Website (described below under “Passive Data Collection”); (3) information we collect through our Services; and (4) information we collect from third party sources.
User-Supplied Information
We may collect user-supplied information when you choose to provide us with your Personal information via Taming The Saxophone, including when you send us an email asking a question, register to attend an event, submit a form to receive marketing materials or email newsletters, or request any research or whitepapers.
Passive Data Collection
Like most web-based services, we automatically receive and record information in on our server logs from your browser when you use Taming The Saxophone. We use cookies to collect this information. We use both session and persistent cookies. The information that we may collect with these automated methods may include, for example, your IP address, cookie information, a unique device or user ID, browser type, system type, the content and pages that you access on Taming The Saxophone, the frequency and duration of your visits to Taming The Saxophone, and the “referring URL” (i.e., the page from which you navigated to Taming The Saxophone). We may also use cookies on Taming The Saxophone to store session validators on your hard drive. If we directly combine any information gathered through passive means with Personal information, we treat the combined information as Personal information under this Privacy Policy. Otherwise, we use information collected by passive means in aggregated forms.
For additional information about the technologies that we use and how they operate, please see our Cookie Policy below.
3. Use of Collected Information
We use personal information to establish and enhance our relationship with you. We may use personal information to operate, provide, improve, and maintain Taming The Saxophone; to prevent abusive and fraudulent use of Taming The Saxophone; to personalize and display content on Taming The Saxophone; where permitted by applicable law, to send you information, including via email, about our products and Services in which we believe you may be interested; to respond to your inquiries and for other customer service purposes; and for other administrative and internal business purposes.
We may use your e-mail address, including any email address provided at Musicasecreta.com or through Taming The Saxophone as set forth in the “Communications and Unsolicited Marketing Communications” section.
On Taming The Saxophone, we may use passively collected data to: (a) remember your information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit Taming The Saxophone; and (b) monitor aggregate website usage metrics such as total number of visitors and pages viewed.
4. Disclosure of Collected Information
We do not sell or rent email addresses and other personal information that we collect directly through Taming The Saxophone. Please be aware, however, that any information that you voluntarily choose to display on any publicly available portion of Taming The Saxophone, or on any Service, becomes publicly available and may be collected and used by us or others without restriction. We share your information, including personal information, as follows:
Taming The Saxophone Service Providers
We may provide personal information to third parties for their use in performing internal business functions (e.g., maintenance, security, site useage and useability analysis) on our behalf. We require such third parties to agree to only use your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and for no other purpose than to provide us with necessary services.
Legal Requirements
We may disclose personal information if we have a good-faith belief that doing so is required by a subpoena or other judicial or administrative order or otherwise required by law. Additionally, we may disclose personal information where we, in good faith, deem it appropriate or necessary to prevent violation of the Taming The Saxophone Terms of Service, or our other agreements; take precautions against liability; protect the rights, property, or safety of Taming The Saxophone, any individual, or the general public; maintain and protect the security and integrity of our Services or infrastructure; protect ourselves and our Services from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses; investigate and defend ourselves against third-party claims or allegations; or assist government enforcement agencies.
Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information
We may share aggregated information with Clients, prospective Clients, partners or the press in order to demonstrate usage of the Service, identify industry and advertising trends, and to generate publicity for the Taming The Saxophone Services.
5. Your Choices
On Taming The Saxophone
You may, as a visitor to our website, choose not to provide us with personal information. You may also, at any time, access your personal information to update, correct, or delete certain personal information about you by contacting us. You also have the right to obtain from Taming The Saxophone the erasure of personal data about you in accordance with applicable data privacy laws. You may exercise your rights with the following requests:
Exercise Your Rights
Contact us to details of or erasure of your personal data
6. Communications and Unsolicited Marketing Communications
If you opted in to receive communications from us, we may send you administrative messages and updates regarding your account, updates regarding Taming The Saxophone, and, where permitted by applicable law, information regarding our offer, products and Services, including, without, limitation, through social media updates, by email and postal mail. If you no longer want to receive commercial email messages, you may indicate your preferences regarding commercial email messages by taking the steps described in such messages. Also, you may indicate your preferences regarding commercial email messages and postal mail messages by contacting us using the information in the “Contact Us” section below.
7. Security
The security of your information is important to us, including, but not limited to, the personal information collected via Taming The Saxophone and Services. We use reasonable security measures to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of Personal information under our control, both during the transmission and once we receive it. This includes, but is not limited to, the use of firewalls and encryption. Although we make good faith efforts to maintain the security of such personal information, no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure and we cannot guarantee that it will remain free from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, or alteration. Further, while we work hard to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent “hackers” or other unauthorized persons from illegally accessing or obtaining this information.
If we learn of a security breach involving your personal information, we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. By using Taming The Saxophone or providing personal information to us, you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of Taming The Saxophone. If a security systems breach occurs, we may post a notice on our homepage or elsewhere on Taming The Saxophone and may send an email to you at the email address you have provided to us. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach, involving your personal information, in writing. This notice paragraph applies to users of Taming The Saxophone and our Clients who utilize our Services on their third party websites only. Should there be a breach that affects End Users of Clients, the Client will be responsible for disseminating notice of such a breach to those End Users.
8. Analytics
We use Google Analytics to analyze our users’ use of Taming The Saxophone. Google Analytics provides us with aggregated data in order to help us make informed business decisions. Ultimately, Google, as a third party, controls information collected through Google Analytics and you should check and be comfortable with its privacy practices prior to using Taming The Saxophone. You may review information about Google’s privacy practices with respect to Google Analytics at http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html.
Cookie Policy
Like most web based services, Taming The Saxophone (“Taming The Saxophone”, “we” or “us) may automatically receive and record information when you use Taming The Saxophone and Services. We may use a variety of methods, including clear GIFs (also known as “web beacons”) and “cookies”, to collect this information.
This Cookie Policy aims to inform you about our use of such cookies and clear GIFs, but does not govern the use of Taming The Saxophone nor the processing of Personal Information on Taming The Saxophone. The Cookie Policy should therefore be read in conjunction with our Privacy Policy and the Taming The Saxophone Terms of Service. Any capitalised terms in this Cookie Policy are defined in the Privacy Policy or, in lack thereof, in the Terms of Service.
1. Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Most major websites use cookies. Because the browser provides this cookie information to the website at each visit, cookies serve as a sort of label that allows a website to “recognise” a browser when it returns to the website.
Cookies store information about your activities on a website or other platform. For example, cookies can store your session information for easy sign-in to a website or other platform you have previously visited. They enable us to make your use of Taming The Saxophone and Services more enjoyable and to improve the functionality of the Service.
2. What Information Do We Passively Collect?
The information that we may collect with these automated methods may include, for example, your IP address, cookie information, a unique device or user ID, browser type, system type, the content and pages that you access on Taming The Saxophone or Services, the frequency and duration of your visits to Taming The Saxophone or Services, and the “referring URL” (i.e., the page from which you navigated to Taming The Saxophone). We may also use cookies on Taming The Saxophone and Services to store session validators on your hard drive.
If we directly combine any information gathered through passive means with Personal Information, we treat the combined information as Personal Information under our Privacy Policy. Otherwise, we use information collected by passive means in aggregated forms.
3. How Do We Use Passively Collected Data?
On Taming The Saxophone, we may use passively-collected data to: (a) remember your information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit Taming The Saxophone; (b) monitor your participation in various sections of Taming The Saxophone; (c) customise our service to you, including by providing you with recommendations; (c) monitor aggregate website usage metrics such as total number of visitors and pages viewed; and (d) administer, operate, and improve Taming The Saxophone and our other services and systems, and to provide services and content that are tailored to you.
4. What Cookies Do We Use and Why? We use the following types of cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies – These cookies are used for the sole purpose of either (i) carrying out a transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network, or (ii) to allow the provider of an information society service to provide such service as explicitly requested by you.
Performance cookies – These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies do not collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. it is only used to improve how a website works.
Functionality cookies – These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features.
Social media cookies – These cookies are used based on social connect functionalities or when you make use of a social media add on button (e.g. clicking on the ‘Like’ icon on a webpage)
Whether a cookie is considered as a ‘first’ or ‘third party’ cookie refers to the domain placing the cookie. First-party cookies are those cookies set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g. cookies placed by musicasecreta.com). Third-party cookies are cookies that are set by a domain other than that of the website being visited by the user. If a user visits a website and another entity sets a cookie through that website this would be a third-party cookie.
Session cookies allow website operators to link your actions during a browser session. A browser session starts when you open the browser window and finishes when you close the browser window. Session cookies are created temporarily. Once you close the browser, all session cookies are deleted. Persistent cookies on the other hand are cookies which remain on your device for the period of time specified in the cookie. We use both session and persistent cookies.
You can find more information about the individual cookies we use, and the specific purposes for which we use them, in the preference window.
5. How To Disable or Remove Cookies
You can configure your Internet browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies completely or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the website you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of Taming The Saxophone or all functionality of the Services.
Please note that disabling these technologies may interfere with the performance and features of the Services.
Did you enjoy this article? Please consider donating
Product categoriesBooks & DVDs
CDs & Playalongs
Christmas
Collectibles
Downloads
Mouthpieces
Audio Selections
More Audio and Video
Support Taming the Saxophone:
Subscribe To Our (very occasional) Newsletter
Subscribe to our email newsletter today to receive updates on the latest news, tutorials and special offers!
No ThanksThanks for signing up. You must confirm your email address before we can send you. Please check your email and follow the instructions.
We respect your privacy. Your information is safe and will never be shared. Our Privacy Policy
Don't miss out. Subscribe today.
×
×
Frequently Asked Questions
I did not receive the email with with my download link
Please check your spam folder.
NB: Purchased downloads are also available to download directly from your customer account area.
I am having a problem downloading to iPad or iPhone
This is a common issue and affects all downloads, not just our products. In order to download anything to iPad etc. you will need an app that can handle .zip .pdf and .mp3 downloads.
See this article and/or this app
It may be easier to download to your desktop and then transfer to your tablet.
Download expired, reached its limit
The download may actually have  expired. Download links are valid only for a certain number of days and have a limit on number of downloads - please contact us with your order number and date of purchase to reset it. (Ideally reply to your order confirmation email)
Download manager/accelerator  software or browser plugin is interfering with the download. If so try disabling it.
The files did actually  download, but very quickly and you did not realise. Please do a search of your download destination directory before contacting us.
Do you sell outside the UK?
Yes, we sell internationally. Your currency will be automatically converted at the current exchange rate.
Saxophone Instruction DVD region compatibility
This is a PAL all region DVD so will not require you to reset your DVD player/computer region.
However as it is PAL format it may not be compatible with some older U.S. TV sets which are NTSC only, please check if your TV and/or DVD player is compatible with PAL format.
If not, it should still work on any computer with DVD drive (anywhere in the world). Please note we have only tested the DVD by playing on DVD systems or playing on computers with standard DVD hardware and software. We cannot guarantee that files extracted (ripped) from the DVD will play successfully. Sharing of copied DVDs or ripped files is illegal.
How much will postage cost?
After adding an item or several items to your cart, click on the Calculate Shipping button and choose your location from the dropdown menu. This will give you the postage options available to your country.
When will I get my stuff?
Products in stock
We usually post within 1 - 5
working days of receiving an order. We are unable to give exact delivery times, but generally packages to Europe can take 2 - 7 days, outside Europe 4 - 14 days. Under exceptional circumstances (weather, strikes, customs delays) it can take longer.
Out of stock (backorders) or special orders
Out of stock books and DVDs are generally restocked within a week. Out of stock or special order mouthpieces can take between 6 and 10 weeks for manufacturing.
From time to time we have a holiday, in which case items will take longer, look out for any notices at the top of the page re:holidays.
How do I find out the price in dollars, yen, euros, dirhams etc?
The checkout pages shows prices in GBP (£). Your bank, credit card company or Paypal take care of the actual conversion, so you can pay with your normal account in your own currency. We don't publish actual rates in different currencies as this is constantly changing so we advise you check with a live currency conversion site such as xe.com
Thanks for signing up. You must confirm your email address before we can send you. Please check your email and follow the instructions.
×
×
Like most sites, we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. Please choose OK to accept that you are happy with thisOKOnly essential site cookiesPrivacy Policy