http://tcgmc.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
For information about our Facebook public page social media policy, visit here.
The Twin Cities Gay Men’s Chorus (“TCGMC”) is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to the TCGMC website and governs data collection and usage.
Collection of Personal Information
TCGMC collects personal information, such as name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address through surveys, drawings, ticket sales, website registration, or other sources, to deliver the services you have requested or provide you with offers and information from TCGMC. TCGMC may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
TCGMC does not sell, rent, or lease its customer lists to third parties. TCGMC may exchange your information on a single-usage basis with other non-profit arts organizations that provide events or services that, in our judgment, may appeal to TCGMC supporters. During one-time exchanges, however, your unique personally identifiable information is not transferred directly to other non-profit arts organizations and all information is destroyed after the one-time use though a third-party mailing service. TCGMC will not exchange your name to any other non-profit organization for the purposes of soliciting financial contributions.
Financial information
TCGMC protects your personal financial information through a variety of security technologies and procedures to safeguard your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access located in controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential information (such as a credit card number) over the internet, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Disclosure of Personal Information
TCGMC may disclose personal information, without notice, if: (a) requested to do so by law or pursuant to a court order, or (b) in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to protect the rights, personal safety, or property of TCGMC, its website, its users, or the public. TCGMC may also disclose personal information with your consent, whether by opt-in, opt-out, or other forms of consent.
Voluntary Participation and Severance
By submitting your personally identifiable information to TCGMC, you agree to the terms and conditions of TCGMC Privacy Policy as described above. You may, at any time, request that TCGMC no longer use your personally identifiable information by one of the methods described below. TCGMC will remove your information from our mailing list at the soonest possible date upon receiving your request.
Disclaimer
Although TCGMC will make every effort to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures and usage of personally identifiable information, we cannot guarantee that your personally identifiable information will never be disclosed.
Request for Removal / Change of Information
If you wish to have your personally identifiable information removed from or changed in the TCGMC mailing list, please notify us by:
Email at chorus@tcgmc.org
Mail at Twin Cities Gay Men’s Chorus, 528 Hennepin Avenue, Suite 307, Minneapolis, MN 55403
Phone at (612) 339-7664.
Include the name, address, and/or e-mail address that you wish to have removed so that we can find it on our mailing list. For changes of information, please include both your old and new contact information so that we can make the appropriate corrections.
Links
Our site includes links to other websites not controlled by TCGMC. Once you leave our servers, use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site. The TCGMC is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of Web sites other than tcgmc.org.
The TCGMC may occasionally update this policy. Notice of revisions will be posted here.
Changes
The TCGMC may occasionally update this policy to reflect company and customer feedback. The TCGMC encourages you to periodically review this Policy to be informed of how the TCGMC is protecting your information.
.
.
– Updated and Approved by the TCGMC Board of Directors on February 27, 2014
Follow:
Purchase Patron Subscription
Donate Now
HOLIDAY HOTDISH- PREMIERES DECEMBER 19
World AIDS Day 2020
Sing it Forward 2021 – Save the Date!
TCGMC Announces Season 40!