https://texasballettheater.org/policies/
2020-2021 Season
Full Season Packages Now Available
The Nutcracker
The Nutty Nutcracker
Serenade | Star Crossed | World Premiere by Tim O’Keefe
Mixed Repertoire II
Beauty & The Beast
Performances
Season Packages
Special Events
Where We Perform
TBT School
Learn the Art of Ballet
Fort Worth School
Dallas School
Professional Division
Summer Programs
Summer Intensive
Adult Dance Classes
About
#WeAreTBT
Our Dancers
Departments
The Board
What’s New
Company Auditions
The Ballet Experience
Impact
At the Heart of Our Company is Our Community
CityDance
Support
Explore the areas of focus that benefit from every donation.
Donate
Donor Benefits
Corporate Opportunities
Texas ballet theater
Important Policies
Privacy Policy
Welcome to texasballettheater.org (the “Website”), which is owned and operated by the Texas Ballet Theater, Inc., (“Texas Ballet Theater,” “we,” “us,” or “our”). This Privacy Policy provides you with details on the information we collect from you and how we use or share that information. By visiting this Website, using our services, or signing up for a class or event, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy from time to time without prior notice to you, so you should check back regularly to review the current Privacy Policy. The terms of our current Privacy Policy supersede all previous notices or statements regarding our privacy practices. Continued use of this Website indicates your consent to the terms of the current Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about our collection, use, or sharing of your information, please contact us at info@texasballet.org.This Privacy Policy was last updated on May 25, 2018.
I. Information We Collect
In general, we collect personal information when you communicate with us and when you use the Website.  We use this information about you (i) to enable you to log into and use the Website; (ii) to communicate with you; (iii) to administer assistance to you when requested; and (iv) as required by applicable laws, rules or regulations, or any terms of use applicable to this Website.  The Website collects some information from you that is voluntarily provided, and other information is collected by the Website automatically.
A. Personal Information We CollectWe may collect, use, and maintain personal information such as your name, email address, user name and password, your status (such as whether you are a patron, student or donor), mailing address, title, prefix, gender, and telephone number and other personal information you may provide if you contact us, create an account, or purchase tickets to an event.  In addition, we collect information you provide to us, including but not limited to:
– If you are purchasing a product or event, your credit card number, expiration date and security code.
– If you are registering a child for Texas Ballet Theater School classes, we will request the student’s name, birth date, any relevant medical information (for safety reasons only), gender, email, phone number, grade, and the school they attend.
In addition, we receive certain information about you as a consequence of visiting the Website.  Such information includes Internet Protocol (IP) address, Internet service provider information, device type, browser type and version, and similar types of information.  We use this information for operational and other business purposes.
B. Location InformationWe may collect information about your location when you access or use the Website. We may collect information regarding your general location using your IP address.  If you access or use the Website from a mobile device, we may collect more precise geolocation information from your mobile device. This information may be used to better understand patterns of site activity, including aggregated user demographics.  You can disable geolocation services or push notifications in the settings on your mobile device.
C. CookiesThe Website also uses cookies to collect certain information about visitors to the Website.  A “cookie” is a small amount of data stored on your computer. We use cookies to provide a more personalized service to you.  Cookies also assist us in tracking visits to the Website, measuring visitor patterns, and analyzing general traffic patterns. Third party advertisers that serve ads on the Website may also use their own cookies.
In addition to our own cookies, the Website may also use cookies placed by Google Display Network, Google Analytics, Facebook, or Instagram.
You can modify your browser preferences to accept or reject all cookies.
D. Advertising on Third-Party SitesTexas Ballet Theater’s advertisements are shown on third party websites, including Google. Texas Ballet Theater may use technologies such as cookies and web beacons to help manage online advertising.   These technologies allow us to learn which advertisements bring users to our Website. They also allow us to collect information about your online activities over time and across third party websites so we can manage advertising effectiveness and provide you with online advertisements relevant to you.  For more information about online behavioral advertising and your choice to opt-out of receiving targeted online advertisements from members of the Digital Advertising Alliance, please visit their website.  To learn how you can opt-out of Google’s use of cookies, please visit Google’s Ad Settings.
E. Third Party Traffic AnalysisWe may use certain third-party services, such as Google Analytics, to help us analyze how people use the Website.  We use this information to evaluate your and other users’ use of the Website, compiling reports on Website activity, and providing other services relating to Website activity and Internet usage.
II. Sharing Your Information
We may share your personal information with third parties, including our vendors and others we engage, to further the purpose for which you provided such information to us.  We may also share your information with third parties who we think may offer products or services of interest to you. You may opt out of this sharing as set forth in Section IX of this Privacy Policy.
We also may share your personal information with third parties if we believe that the law requires us to do so, or to protect our own property or the property of our affiliates.  Additionally, in the event of a corporate restructuring (such as a sale, merger, or other asset transfer), we may share your personal information with a third party. We reserve the right to disclose or utilize any of this information in aggregate form, for any purpose, in our sole judgment.
III. Protection for Children
We do not knowingly attempt to solicit or receive any information from children.  If you are under the age of 13, you are not authorized to submit any content or information to this Website.  If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 and you believe we have collected information from your child in error or have questions or concerns about our practices relating to children, please contact us at Info@TexasBallet.org.
IV. Inapplicability of Privacy Policies of Any Linked Sites or Other Third Parties
This Privacy Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of your personal information in conjunction with your use of this Website.  This Website may contain links to other websites for the purchase of third party products and services. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites in any manner.  We encourage you to carefully read any privacy statements and terms of use that may be posted on third party websites.
V. Data Storage and Retention
Personal information that we maintain is stored on our systems.  We will retain your personal information for as long as is necessary to provide you services and to achieve the purposes for which the data was collected.  We will also retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
VI. Consent of Data Transfer of Non U.S. Residents
The Texas Ballet Company is located in the United States, its services are provided in the United States, and its data is stored in the United States.  Data protection laws in the United States may be different from those of your country of residence. If you reside in a country other than the United States, upon accessing the Website or providing your personal information to Texas Ballet Theater, you will be indicating your explicit consent that your information will be transferred to, processed, shared, and stored in the United States consistent with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
VII. EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”)
If the processing of your personal information is subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), whenever we use or share personal information, we ensure that we have identified a legal basis under which such processing may occur.  When we use your personal information in connection with a request, order, transaction, or to provide you with services that you requested (such as use of the Website or to take classes), we do this because it is necessary for the performance of an agreement with you.  Where we use your personal information in relation to improvement, development, or marketing of our products or services, for reasons of safety and security, or to satisfy regulatory requirements, other than in connection with your agreement or request, we do this on the basis of our (or a third party’s) legitimate interests or with your consent, as required.
A. Access, Modification, Erasure, or Restriction of Personal InformationIn some jurisdictions, you may have the right to access or modify your personal information, including the right to: obtain confirmation that we hold personal information about you, request access to and receive information about the personal information we maintain about you, receive copies of the personal information we maintain about you, update and correct inaccuracies in your personal information, object to the processing of your personal information, request portability, and have the information blocked, anonymized or deleted, as appropriate. You may also contact us with the request to withdraw consent for processing or storage of your personal information. These rights are only available if you reside in, or access the Website from, certain jurisdictions and may be limited in some circumstances by local laws and regulations.
B. DisputesIf you have questions or complaints about this Privacy Policy, please first contact the Texas Ballet Theater at Info@TexasBallet.org and provide us the opportunity to make it right.  For our users who are in the EU or Swiss citizens, if you feel that, after reaching out to us with your question or complaint, you have not received a satisfactory response, you have the option to contact your country’s Data Protection Authority (“DPA”) or similar regulatory body.  To find contact information for your country’s DPA or similar body, please refer to the list provided on the website of the European Commission.
C. Exercising Your Rights Under GDPRYou can exercise any of these rights under GDPR by emailing us at Info@TexasBallet.org.  Please put the statement “GPDR Privacy Rights” in the subject line of your request, and include your name, country or region, and enough information to allow us to respond to your request in the body of your email.
VIII. Security
To help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or alteration we have implemented certain administrative and technical safeguards.  Nevertheless, due to the inherent open nature of the Internet, no transmission via the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure. As a result of this and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, we cannot guarantee the security of the information that you transmit to or through our Website.  Therefore, you assume that risk by using the Website.
IX. Your Opt-Out Choices
If you do not want to receive email or other communications from us in the future, follow the unsubscribe instructions indicated in each email.  Even if you opt out of receiving promotional emails from Texas Ballet Theater, we will send you transaction emails and respond to questions from you.
If you do not want us to share your information with our affiliates or other third parties for their own marketing purposes, please email us at the address below and ask to opt out of sharing for marketing purposes.
X. Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy please email us at Info@TexasBallet.org.
Ticket Policy
Performance tickets are a revocable license that may be revoked at any time for any reason. Every person, regardless of age, must have a ticket to enter the facility. The ticket holder, on behalf of the holder and any minor accompanying the holder, agrees to the following terms of this license:
The ticket holder voluntarily assumes all risk and danger arising from, related to, or incidental to ticket holder’s attendance of the event for which any Texas Ballet Theater ticket is issued, whether occurring prior to, during or after the event, including risk of personal injury, and whether caused by or arising in whole or in any part from negligence.
All ticket prices and season ticket packages may include service and handling charges and facility fees.
Sales of tickets, including season ticket packages and further including all fees and handling charges, are FINAL AND NONREFUNDABLE. Missed performances will not be refunded nor exchanged.
Any lost, stolen or counterfeit ticket, or a ticket for resale at a price that is either unlawful or in excess of the printed purchase price of the ticket, may not be honored.
Tickets, including season tickets, may not be resold, transferred, or distributed to any ticket broker or any other person for any amount other than the price printed on the ticket.
Season ticket packages are purchased and issued subject to the policies and regulations of Texas Ballet Theater. Texas Ballet Theater will determine seating locations in its sole discretion.
Latecomers may not be able to take their seats immediately on arrival and will be seated at an appropriate interval in the performance, which may be intermission.
Tickets are valid only for the performance date and time listed on the ticket. Event dates, times, casting, and locations are subject to change or cancellation at Texas Ballet Theater’s sole discretion, without notice to individual ticket holders. Ticket holders assume the risk of cancellation of any performance at Texas Ballet Theater’s sole discretion for any reason, including, but not limited to, conditions affected by or resulting from fire, storm, flood, tornado, ice or snow, riot, strike, lockout, insurrection, act of terrorism, mechanical failure, loss of power or water, transportation interruption, unavailability of performers or workers, and acts of government or law enforcement.
Texas Ballet Theater shall have no obligation to mitigate any such conditions. Texas Ballet Theater is not obligated to reschedule any performance or to refund or exchange any tickets, fees, or handling charges, due to cancellation for any reason.
Texas Ballet Theater reserves the right to revise Texas Ballet Theater’s ticket policies at any time. Ticket holders acknowledge that Texas Ballet Theater’s current policy is available online at texasballettheater.org.