http://tfarchive.com/privacy.php
The Transformers Archive Skip to main content / Also skip section headers
Please feel free to log in or register.
Privacy Statement for The Transformers Archive
The Transformers
Archive has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm
commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and
dissemination practices for this Web site: The
Transformers Archive
Information Automatically LoggedWe use your IP address to help diagnose
problems with our server and to administer our Web site. Detailed log files of
all file accesses are kept for statistical purposes only, information that is
logged is a follows: time/date of access; your IP, file accessed, file size,
this information is kept on my personal computer so no one but me has
access.
AdvertisersWe use an outside ad company to display ads on our site.
These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our Web
site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we
do not have access to this information.
Personal InformationThis Web site does not request any personal
information or collect any information that personally identifies you or allows
you to be personally contacted.
Since we do not collect any personal information on this Web site, we do not
share any personal information with any third parties nor do we use any personal
information for any purposes.
External LinksThis site contains links to other sites. The
Transformers Archive is not responsible for the privacy practices or the
content of such Web sites.
Public ForumsThis site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or
news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is
disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise
caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
SecurityThis site has security measures in place to protect the loss,
misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. Computer storing
log files (my personal machine) is protected from hackers by running Norton
Antivirus (with the latest dat files) to protect it from hackers and
viruses.
Children's GuidelinesThis site DOES NOT MEET the Online Privacy
Protection Act guidelines The following criteria are violated:
This site does not provide children notice of what information is
collected.
This site does not encourage children to get their parent's permission
before sharing personal information online.
This site does not allow the parent to obtain the information collected
from the child and provide a way for the parent to prevent the future use of
that information.
Contacting the Web SiteIf you have any questions about this privacy
statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you
can contact:
brendanr@tfarchive.com
Generated by Privacy
Wizard
With thanks for long-term support to sponsors:
ADVERTISE WITH TFARCHIVE >
About
Updates
Contact
Privacy
Top
Main Index