https://theatreaquarius.org/terms-of-use-and-privacy-policy/
BUY TICKETS
MAKE A DONATION
TERMS OF USE & PRIVACY POLICY
INFORMATION COLLECTED
Over the course of our relationship, personal information collected may include your name, street and email addresses, phone and credit card numbers and purchase and donation history. Additional personal information such as names of family members, business addresses and special interests, may also be recorded for dedicated and long-term supporters of Theatre Aquarius.
WHEN IS THE INFORMATION COLLECTED?
Most of this information is collected when you request a brochure, buy tickets, make a donation, sign up for e-mail correspondence, enter our contests or fill out surveys.
WHY DO WE NEED THIS INFORMATION?
We need this information for billing purposes, tickets and tax receipt for your donation(s) to Theatre Aquarius, and to inform you of any changes, upcoming events or special promotions. We may also use information to contact you for support purposes.
IS MY INFORMATION CONFIDENTIAL?
All information is kept private and confidential and stored in a secure location and accessible only by authorized personnel. If we share it with an outside organization (such as a mailing house or professional research firm), they are bound by contract to the same strict privacy controls that we use ourselves and the information provided is for one-time use only. Information that you provide at our website during the secure connection is encrypted for security and transferred with no risk of being intercepted.
Your data is kept private and will not be shared, traded or sold with any other organization.
MORE INFORMATION
With your consent, we will send correspondence that we believe to be of interest to you. We try to contact all our ticket buyers at least once a year to obtain feedback, update our records and offer the opportunity to become more closely associated with Theatre Aquarius. We are however committed to ensuring that patrons and donors do not receive an unreasonable number of letters, phone calls or e-mails from Theatre Aquarius. We also assess new technology for protecting customer information on an ongoing basis.
For more information regarding the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) visit the website of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada http://www.privcom.gc.ca
If your information or preferences change, or if you no longer wish to receive communication from us, please let us know by calling
905-522-7529 or 1-800-465-7529 or online here if you have an online account.
DISCLAIMER
Theatre Aquarius is not responsible for the contents of any “off-site” Internet information referenced or linked the to the Theatre Aquarius Internet site. The inclusion of the link does not imply endorsement by Theatre Aquarius of the site. Use of any such link is at the user’s own risk.
Program, Artists, Dates and Prices Subject to Change.  All Sales Final.  No Refunds.
FollowFollowFollowFollow
Buy Tickets
Support Us
Email List
FollowFollowFollowFollow
Buy Tickets
Support Us
Email List
Theatre Aquarius is a not-for-profit registered charity dedicated to creating outstanding, accessible, live theatre that entertains, challenges, & educates.  Charitable Registration Number 11921 3957 RR0001