https://theatrixyoutheatre.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Theatrix Youtheatre Society has been a community non-profit organization for nearly 30 years, operating in the Tri Cities.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Registration
When you register your child for a Theatrix program, we understand you are sharing your personal data with us. We will NEVER sell your data, share with unauthorized third parties, or use your information in any way other than to correspond with our instructors and the schools they support.
During registration we do take note of your IP address and create a timestamp in our database. This is so our automated system can generate randomized lists for registrants to our programs when necessary.
When you create a user profile with Theatrix, we retain encrypted info in our database for your billing details (except card info), and your order history, so you can recall it on demand.
Cookies
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
What data breach procedures we have in place
We guard our site against malware and forced intrusions, and use SSL (secure socket layer) with encryption for all transactions and interactions on our site.
Newsletter Subscriptions
We request that you subscribe to the Theatrix newsletter so that you can stay informed on the educational theatre programs that we provide. You can unsubscribe at any time from a link in the footer of any of these emails you receive from us.
Spread the love
Login
Username or Email Address *
Password *
Remember me
Register |
Lost your password?
Register
Username *
Email Address *
Password *
Anti-spam
Your personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.
Log In | Lost your password?
Reset Password
Lost your password? Please enter your username or email address. You will receive a link to create a new password via email.
Username or Email Address
Log In
| Register
This information will never be shared to third parties