https://theatrearlington.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
HOME
PRODUCTIONS & TICKETS
Fall 2020-Pinnacle Bank Music Series
Comedy Tonight!
Theatre Arlington’s Holiday Party!
Cabaret Series
Painting Party with Angie!
2019 – 2020 Season
SEASON SUBSCRIPTIONS
A.C.T.S.
Classes
Virtual Learning Program
Summer Camp
Internships
Adult Classes
Outreach
Tag Players
Show In A Box
AUDITIONS
SUPPORT
Donate / Be a TA Understudy
Annual Gala
Guild
Sponsors
Gift Certificates
While You Shop
INFORMATION
Mission & Vision
Board of Directors
FAQs & COVID-19 Info
Stony Awards
Past Productions
History
CONTACT US
THEATRE ARLINGTON
Privacy Policy
September 1, 2019
At Theatre Arlington (“TA”) we recognize that privacy is important. This privacy policy (“Policy”) applies to all of the products, services and websites offered by Theatre Arlington. or its subsidiaries or affiliated companies (such as Tickets to the City ticketing services). In addition, where more detailed information is needed to explain our privacy practices, we post separate privacy notices to describe how particular services process private information.
Theatre Arlington adheres to the US safe harbor privacy principles of Notice, Choice, Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity, Access and Enforcement.
If you have any questions about this Policy, please feel free to contact us through our website or write to us at Privacy Matters, c/o Theatre Arlington, 305 W. Main Street, Arlington, TX 76010, USA.
Information We Collect And How We Use It:
TA offers a number of services that do not require you to register for an account or provide any private information to us. In order to provide our full range of services, we may collect the following types of information:
Information you provide – When you sign up for a TA service or promotion that requires registration, we ask you for private information (such as your name, email address and billing address). For certain services, such as show tickets, we also request credit card or other payment account information which we maintain in encrypted form on secure servers. We may combine the information you submit under your account with information from other TA services or third parties in order to provide you with a better experience and to improve the quality of our services. For certain services, we may give you the opportunity to opt out of combining such information. We will not sell or rent your Personal Information to anyone. We are the sole owners of the Personal Information collected on this Site.
Log information – When you use TA services, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
User communications – When you send email or other communication to TA, we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our services.
Affiliated sites – We offer some of our services in connection with other web sites. Private information that you provide to those sites may be sent to TA in order to deliver the service. We process such information in accordance with this Policy. The affiliated sites may have different privacy practices and we encourage you to read their privacy policies.
Links – TA may present links in a format that enables us to keep track of whether these links have been followed. We use this information to improve the quality of our customized content and advertising.
Other sites – This Privacy Policy applies to web sites and services that are owned and operated by TA. We do not exercise control over the sites displayed as search results or links from within our various services. These other sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit private information from you.
TA only processes private information for the purposes described in the applicable Privacy Policy and/or privacy notice for specific services. In addition to the above, such purposes include:
Providing our products and services to users, including the display of customized content and advertising;
Auditing, research and analysis in order to maintain, protect and improve our services;
Ensuring the technical functioning of our network; and
Developing new services.
TA processes private information on our servers in the United States of America. In no cases, do we process private information on a server outside our country. We may process private information to provide our own services. In some cases, we may process private information on behalf of and according to the instructions of a third party, such as our ticketing system.
Choices For Private Information
When you sign up for a particular service that requires registration, we ask you to provide private information. If we use this information in a manner different than the purpose for which it was collected, then we will ask for your consent prior to such use.
If we propose to use private information for any purposes other than those described in this Policy and/or in the specific service notices, we will offer you an effective way to opt out of the use of private information for those other purposes. We will not collect or use sensitive information for purposes other than those described in this Policy and/or in the specific service notices, unless we have obtained your prior consent.
You can decline to submit private information to any of our services, in which case TA may not be able to provide those services to you.
Information Sharing
TA only shares private information with other companies or individuals outside of TA in the following limited circumstances:
We have your consent. We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive private information.
We provide such information to our subsidiaries, affiliated companies or other trusted businesses or persons for the purpose of processing private information on our behalf. We require that these parties agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
We have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (d) protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of TA, its users or the public as required or permitted by law.
If TA becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all of its assets, we will provide notice before private information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
We may share with third parties certain pieces of aggregated, non-private information, such as the number of users who searched for a particular term, for example, or how many users clicked on a particular advertisement. Such information does not identify you individually.
Please contact us at the address below for any additional questions about the management or use of private data.
Information Security
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store private data.
We restrict access to private information to TA employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations.
Data Integrity
TA processes private information only for the purposes for which it was collected and in accordance with this Policy or any applicable service-specific privacy notice. We review our data collection, storage and processing practices to ensure that we only collect, store and process the private information needed to provide or improve our services. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the private information we process is accurate, complete, and current, but we depend on our users to update or correct their private information whenever necessary.
Accessing And Updating Private Information
When you use TA services, we make good faith efforts to provide you with access to your private information and either to correct this data if it is inaccurate or to delete such data at your request if it is not otherwise required to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes. We ask individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before processing such requests, and we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes), or for which access is not otherwise required. In any case where we provide information access and correction, we perform this service free of charge, except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort. Some of our services have different procedures to access, correct or delete users’ private information. We provide the details for these procedures in the specific privacy notices or FAQs for these services.
Enforcement
TA regularly reviews its compliance with this Policy. Please feel free to direct any questions or concerns regarding this Policy or TA’s treatment of private information by contacting us through this web site or by writing to us at Privacy Matters, c/o Theatre Arlington, 305 West Main Street, Arlington, TX 76010, USA. When we receive formal written complaints at this address, it is TA’s policy to contact the complaining user regarding his or her concerns. We will cooperate with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of private data that cannot be resolved between TA and an individual.
Changes To This Policy
Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Policy without your explicit consent, and we expect most such changes will be minor. Regardless, we will post any Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Policy changes). Each version of this Policy will be identified at the top of the page by its effective date.
If you have any additional questions or concerns about this Policy, please feel free to contact us any time through this web site or at Privacy Matters, c/o Theatre Arlington, 305 West Main Street, Arlington, TX 76010, USA.
TA Holiday Party CREW
STEVEN D. MORRIS (Director) started performing with Theatre Arlington in 1981 and has done over 60 shows here as an actor, director and writer. Steve is thrilled to be the Executive Producer at Theatre Arlington and working with such a great staff and Board of Directors. When Mr. Morris retired after 27 years of being the Director of Theatre at Lamar High School the school’s auditorium was named for him. Steve is very active with his church Unity of Arlington. Steve is blessed by great love in his life from his family, friends and his canine companions Elvis and Reba. Be sure to follow Steve on Twitter, although he rarely posts and is not that interesting.
ZACK WILSON (Stage Manager) is in his first season with Theatre Arlington. He has recently worked on the Cabaret Series in August while attending UTA pursuing a theater design and technology degree. He is a graduate of Lamar High School where he was in Blue Curtain for 3 years and worked on every show. He wants to thank his family and girlfriend for allowing him to spend so much time up in the booth clicking buttons and Steve for giving him the chance to work here.
BILL EICKENLOFF (Sound Designer) is an adjunct professor and the resident Sound Designer at TCU’s Theatre Department in Fort Worth, as well as the resident Sound Designer for Theatre Arlington.  He also works for Casa Mañana, Lyric Stage, Mainstage Irving Las Colinas, Brick Road Theatre, Wishing Star Productions, Prism Theatrics and the Trinity Shakespeare Festival. He is a proud graduate of Texas A&M University. See his complete bio at www.linkedin.com.
TAYLOR LOVE (Sound Board Operator) is currently a senior at Pantego Christian Academy. He is new to Theatre Arlington serving as a part of the tech crew. Taylor has been the student technical director for Pantego for the last two years. He has been the lighting and sound director for the majority of the recent productions and shows at Pantego including Act One, Big Fish, Rise of Robin Hood and Chapels.
CLOSE
COMEDY TONIGHT! Cast
LANDRY BECKLEY is honored to make his Theatre Arlington Debut. Landry has been seen locally in the DFW Metroplex at Six Flags Over Texas as the Witchdoctor from Arania’s Nightmare and Vocalist in Country Young Gunz. Landry’s recent roles include: Paris in Romeo & Juliet, Jesus in  Godspell, and Medvedenko in The Seagull. Landry would like to thank the people that granted him this opportunity and to those who have supported him every step of the way. Yuk! Yuk!  Good Show!
DONOVAN MARIE LAWSON grew up on the TA stage as a youth in various shows and continues to love performing on this stage as an adult. Donovan is a graduate of Oklahoma City University where she received her Bachelor of Fine Arts in Theatre for Young Audiences with a Directing minor. She started performing at a young age at Miss Persis Studio, around DFW, and working in many children’s theatres. Donovan is the Marketing Associate and a part of the Creative Staff at North Texas Performing Arts. Credits: Rusty in Footloose (Theatre Arlington), Dorothy in Magical City of Oz (Theatre Arlington), Shy in The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas (Theatre Arlington), Kathy in 9to5 (Theatre Arlington), Maxine in Hooray for Holidays! (Theatre Arlington), Broadway in the Burbs (NTPA Repertory), Beauty and the Beast (NTPA Repertory), The Addams Family (NTPA Repertory). Thank you to my family and friends for their constant love and support! Here to make you proud – to infinity and beyond, my angel Tevin.
STEVEN D.MORRIS Steve started performing with Theatre Arlington in 1981 and has done over 70 shows here as an actor, director and writer. Steve is thrilled to be the Executive Producer at Theatre Arlington and working with such a great staff and Board of Directors. Steve received his Bachelor of Arts in Communication (Speech and Theatre) from UTA and Master of Arts (Theatre) from the University of Houston. Most recently Steve acquired his Non-Profit Management Certification. Steve was the Director of Theatre at Lamar High School for 27 years and when he retired the school’s auditorium was named for him. While at Lamar Steve directed over 125 shows and received numerous awards and recognition for himself and his students including Teacher of the Year. Steve is very active with his church Unity of Arlington. He is a Platform Leader and has led a small group for several years. Community service has been important to Steve for most of his adult life. He has prepared and served dinner to the residents of Samaritan House (homeless people living with HIV) once a month for 20 years. He has also volunteered with Arlington Animal Services and The Arlington Life Shelter. Steve is blessed by great love in his life from his family, friends and his canine companions Elvis and Reba. Be sure to follow Steve on twitter, although he rarely posts and is not that interesting @thefamousmorris.
DIANE POWELL dedicates her performance to her parents, Don and Terry Powell. She also thanks Donna for her continued support.
CLOSE
COMEDY TONIGHT! Crew
STEVEN D. MORRIS (Director) started performing with Theatre Arlington in 1981 and has done over 60 shows here as an actor, director and writer. Steve is thrilled to be the Executive Producer at Theatre Arlington and working with such a great staff and Board of Directors. When Mr. Morris retired after 27 years of being the Director of Theatre at Lamar High School the school’s auditorium was named for him. Steve is very active with his church Unity of Arlington. Steve is blessed by great love in his life from his family, friends and his canine companions Elvis and Reba. Be sure to follow Steve on Twitter, although he rarely posts and is not that interesting.
JESSE FRY (Music Director/Pianist) is a native of Findlay, OH but has been a Texan since 2003.  He has been involved with roughly 60 different productions at Regional and Community Theatres across DFW as keyboardist and/or music director. Last year’s highlights for him were The Drowsy Chaperone (Firehouse), The Producers (Casa), Annie (Casa), As You Like It (DTC), In the Heights (DTC), and the national tour of Miss Saigon (Bass Hall).  Jesse is also the owner of the Music Institute at Carrollton Square, www.micsquare.com, and the co-founder of Trekorda, The Collaborative Musician’s Network,  www.trekorda.com. He and his wife Emily, who is a middle school choir director, live in Carrollton and have two children Molly (10) and Max (6). This is his first opportunity to work with Theatre Arlington and he is excited and grateful to be a part of this production!
AMANDA BUENO (Stage Manager) is thrilled to be working in her first production at Theatre Arlington! Her previous credits include Dark of the Moon, Anything Goes, Alice in Wonderland, and Godspell. She would like to thank her mom for her constant support and for encouraging her to get back into the theatre as well her entire family and friends for their love and support.
TAYLOR LOVE (Sound Board Operator) is currently a senior at Pantego Christian Academy. He is new to Theatre Arlington serving as a part of the tech crew. Taylor has been the student technical director for Pantego for the last two years. He has been the lighting and sound director for the majority of the recent productions and shows at Pantego including Act One, Big Fish, Rise of Robin Hood and Chapels.
ZACK WILSON (Light Board Operator) is in his first season with Theatre Arlington. He has recently worked on the Cabaret Series in August while attending UTA pursuing a theater design and technology degree. He is a graduate of Lamar High School where he was in Blue Curtain for 3 years and worked on every show. He wants to thank his family and girlfriend for allowing him to spend so much time up in the booth clicking buttons and Steve for giving him the chance to work here.
CLOSE
TA Holiday Party CAST
MICAH GREEN hopes you are having a wonderful holiday season!  Feel free to say hi after the show.
LESLIE HOPTON-JONES grew up near Dallas, Texas where she started performing at a young age.  She graduated from Texas Wesleyan University with a BFA in Musical Theatre where she played the role of Eva Peron in Evita. Leslie has performed in theme parks, industrial shows, musicals, plays, videos, and vocal recordings all over the US. She Currently teaches dance, voice and acting.
LORI WOODS BLONDIN was last seen on the Theatre Arlington stage as Sonia Walsk in They’re Playing our Song in addition to Paulette in Legally Blonde and Adelaide in Guys and Dolls.  She has been the head of the dance program and Lamar High School in Arlington for twenty years after growing up dancing at Miss Persis Studio of Dance and Dance Theatre of Arlington where she began her teaching career at the age of fifteen.  As a choreographer she has worked with many local high school programs, dance studios and companies and Dallas Summer Musicals School of Musical Theatre as well as a resident choreographer for Eclipse Entertainment LLC where she wrote, cast and directed numerous industrial shows across the United States.  She has an Associate Degree in Musical Theatre from Mountain View College and a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Theatre from Texas Wesleyan University.  Upon graduation she began her life upon the stage at Casa Manana, Bass Hall, Circle Theatre, Theatre Three and Fair Park Music Hall to name a few.  Some of her favorite roles include Charity in Sweet Charity, Bebe in A Chorus Line, Velma in Chicago and Louise in Best Little Whorehouse in Texas.  Love to Jayson, Mom, Dad and my amazing ViQueens who allow me to share my love of performing with them every day.
CLOSE
Cindy Honeycutt
Cindy Honeycutt, Education Director and Business Manager, holds a BA in Theatre Arts with an emphasis in Acting from St. Edwards University and is a teaching artist specializing in acting, musical theatre and creative dramatics. Cindy has been seen in theatres all over the metroplex and Austin in her over 40 years as a performer, starting as a child actor at Casa Manana and ending with professional credits at Circle Theatre, Stage West, Casa Manana, Theatre Arlington, Austin’s Gilbert and Sullivan Society, Zachary Scott Theatre, Thin Dime Theatre Company and Hip Pocket Theatre. She has also been seen in schools, civic auditoriums and museums all over Texas while performing with touring companies based at Zachary Scott Theatre in Austin, Fort Worth’s Shakespeare in the Park, Stage West, and CATS. Her film and television credits include Fox Kids Club in the Austin market, feature film Dust to Dust with Willie Nelson, independent films Blood is Thicker and The Entrepreneur, and commercials for TCJC, Lil’ Things, Lowe’s and Westinghouse Security Systems. Cindy is the proud wife of Rodney, mom to Nate, and lover of all animals, especially the ones in her own house.
CLOSE
Tiffany Gray
Tiffany Gray has an extensive and diverse dance background resulting in over ten years of experience studying, performing, and teaching dance. She has trained in several dance forms, including: Ballet, Contemporary, Modern, African, Jazz, Hip Hop, Improvisation, Tap, and Musical Theatre dance. Tiffany also attended school at Oral Roberts University and obtained a Minor in Dance. She enjoys using movement for personal expression, artistry, and…..because it is fun! She is committed to bringing this perspective to every class she teaches.
Tiffany believes that music, acting, and dance have the power to transcend language barriers and communicate easily with people across various cultures. She endeavors to use these art forms as a way to for individuals to discover their voice and be able to convey it to others. Tiffany has worked with both children and adults, she enjoys guiding them in the creative process as experienced and expressed through the Arts.
In the summer of 2019, Tiffany directed her first acting scene and began teaching musical theatre dance for Theatre Arlington. She will continue teaching classes such as Creative Play, Creative Dramatics, and Musical Theatre, etc. for Theatre Arlington. Additionally, she teaches dance at the School of the Performing Arts for the Salvation Army of Ellis County. Tiffany is actively teaching dance classes in the Dallas/Fort Worth area.
CLOSE
Damn Yankees Cast
REMA MARTINEZ (Meg Boyd) is happy as always to be on the Theatre Arlington stage. TA credits include Mom in Winnie the Pooh, a Voice of Sonia Walsk in They’re Playing Our Song, Vi Moore in Footloose, Maudie Atkinson in To Kill A Mockingbird, and General Cartwright in Guys and Dolls. Other recent DFW roles include Alma Hix (The Music Man) and Rose Lennox (The Secret Garden) with Stolen Shakespeare Guild and the ensemble of Kiss Me, Kate at MainStage Irving-Las Colinas. Rema is married to Alvaro and is the mom of Alec and Evan.
DARRET HART (Joe Boyd) is thrilled to be returning to the Theatre Arlington stage in Damn Yankees. His debut with Theatre Arlington was as Nicely Nicely Johnson in Guys & Dolls. He was most recently seen as Dan Goodman in Musical Theatre of Denton’s production of Next to Normal. Among his favorite roles in the Metroplex have been on the Theatre Frisco stage as Don Quixote in Man of La Mancha and Peron in Evita.  Other stage appearances include Motel the Tailor (Fiddler on the Roof), Cornelius Hackl (Hello Dolly), Freddy Eynsford Hill (My Fair Lady). Recent TV and Film Credits include Detective Mike Sheehan (Murder Made Me Famous) Peter Shaver (Feature Film – Triggers) and Dr Ed Cooper (Feature Film – The Jesus Freak). Darret would like to thank his amazing children for their love and support.
DAVID COFFEE (Mr. Applegate) David makes his debut at Theatre Arlington. In a career that spans 52 years, David has been welcomed by audiences from Portland, Oregon to Portsmouth, New Hampshire. After his early training at Casa Manana and earning his BFA and MFA degrees from TCU, David has built a career that encompasses all areas of performance (save Grand Opera and the Circus). He has been called a New England Tradition and the G.O.A.T. (Greatest of All Time) for his 26 seasons as Scrooge for the North Shore Music Theatre in Massachusetts. He also received the Elston Brooks Lifetime Achievement Award from the Live Theatre League of Tarrant County. www.DavidCoffee.org
TYLER THOMPSON (Sister) was last seen in Theatre Arlington’s production of Hooray for Holidays asCookie Callahan. She also played Rabbit in Winnie the Pooh and Shellhammer in last season’s Miracle on 34th Street. Tyler received her BFA in drama from The University of Oklahoma. She had the amazing opportunity of spending her final semester of college in Chicago after being accepted into the Comedy Studies program at The Second City. She is a graduate of The Second City Conservatory and iO Theater’s improv program where she performed on one of their Harold teams. Tyler has studied clowning under Paola Coletto and has performed at Chicago Sketchfest, Donny’s Skybox, The Women’s Funny Festival, and The Del Close Marathon. She teaches improv classes at Four Day Weekend and also enjoys teaching acting and private lessons at Theatre Arlington. Tyler is represented by Grit Talent Agency.
ABI ABEL (Doris) is excited to return to Theatre Arlington after making her debut here as Colleen in Ripcord. Her favorite credits include Colleen in Ripcord, Angel in The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas, Bonnie in Anything Goes, Doris in Same Time Next Year, Eileen in Moon Over Buffalo, Velma Kelly in Chicago, Diane Lorimer in 42nd Street, and Azuri in The Desert Song. Thank you to this amazing cast & team and love always to family.
ERIC WRIGHT (Joe Hardy) is making his Theatre Arlington debut as well as his debut into the Theatrical world. A lover of the arts throughout high school, he is excited to finally dive back into it with new life and understanding as an adult.
NATE DAVIS (Vernon) was recently cast as Joseph Asagai in Theatre Arlington’s production of A Raisin in The Sun and is an advocate for the arts. Growing up, his excitement came from music and doing Eddie Murphy and Elvis Presley impressions. This past year Nate quit his job in order to fully focus on actualizing his entertainment career goals. You probably have seen him on Helzberg Diamonds promotional ads, or national commercials for Zaxby’s, and many other companies. Acting is his passion and one thing he learned in life is discovery is not only for the actor playing the role, it’s for the human that’s looking for their purpose. Once you find your purpose, success will find you. He will be graduating this year with a bachelor’s in Entertainment Businesses. His ultimate goal is to present ideas of understanding and love through entertainment.
JAKE KELLY HARRIS (Sohovik) is thrilled to be returning to Theatre Arlington.  He was last seen at Irving Main Stage as Al in A Chorus Line. His favorite roles include Phil Davis in White Christmas, Hortensio in Kiss Me Kate, Chuck in Footloose, Harry the Horse in Guys and Dolls and Frank in Seven Brides for Seven Bros. He has s a Bachelor of Arts degree from University of North Texas in Theatre Performance. He would like to thank his friends, family and beautiful new wife, Maegan, for supporting his passion!
LANDRY BECKLEY (Smokey) is honored to make his Theatre Arlington Debut. Landry has been seen locally in the DFW Metroplex at Six Flags Over Texas as the Witchdoctor from Arania’s Nightmare and Vocalist in Country Young Gunz. Landry’s recent roles include: Paris from Romeo & Juliet, Jesus from Godspell, and Medvedenko from The Seagull. Landry would like to thank the people that granted him this opportunity and to those who have supported him every step of the way. Yuk! Yuk!  Good Show!
TIM CRABB (Rocky) is up to bat, previously appearing at Theatre Arlington in A Few Good Men.  He is a graduate of Texas Wesleyan University and a “Gonzo Artist”, making his stage wherever he can with comedy, music, and other fool-hardy stunts.  He also brings to life monsters for haunted attractions such as Dark Hour Haunted House and Knott’s Scary Farm.  Previous credits include One Slight Hitch (Harper), The Wizard of Oz (Scarecrow), and films such as Evil for Dinner, After the Festival, and Apollo 10 1/2.  Your advocacy of the arts keeps this world weird and wonderful!
NOLAN SHAVER (Benny Van Buren) recently was seen as Anthony Hope in Sweeney Todd at Music Theatre of Denton. Some previous roles include The Baker in Into The Woods, Bob Wallace in White Christmas, Archibald Craven in The Secret Garden (Stolen Shakespeare Guild), Scuttle in The Little Mermaid (Grand Prairie Arts Council) and Artie Green in Sunset Blvd. (Tarrant Actors Regional Theater). His favorite roles are Best Friend to Scott, Best Man both to Josh and to Brent, Big Brother to Jake, and Uncle Nolan to Carter, Caroline and Champ. As always, thanks to his family, who always show up regardless of if he has a spare comp ticket or not. In Memory of Tevin Cates – “You’ll always be my Prince Eric.”
SEAN SICARD (Henry) is ecstatic to return to Theatre Arlington. Sean is a junior at UTA pursuing a BFA Performance degree and a minor in dance. He has previously been seen in Macbeth and Bring Up the Bodies at Stolen Shakespeare Guild, and A Few Good Men at Theatre Arlington last year. Sean would like to thank his family and friends for their support.
LAYNE HILL (Linville) is extremely excited to be a ball player in one of his all-time favorite musicals! Layne was last seen as an Aggie in Theatre Arlington’s production of The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas. Layne has enjoyed Theatre since he was a child and is saddened as this show might be his last. He wants to make the most out of the time he has left as an actor before his snowman melts away! Good show everyone!
DONOVAN MARIE LAWSON (Gloria Thorpe) was last seen on the TA stage as Maxine in Hooray for Holidays! Donovan grew up on the TA stage as a youth in various shows and continues to love performing on this stage as an adult. Donovan is a graduate of Oklahoma City University where she received her Bachelor of Fine Arts in Theatre for Young Audiences with a Directing minor. She started performing at a young age at Miss Persis Studio and around DFW. Favorite credits: Rusty (Footloose), Dorothy (Magical City of Oz), Reno (Anything Goes), Godspell. Special thank you to Morris, Lori, and Mark for this opportunity and thank you to my family for all the support! Here to make you proud – to infinity and beyond, my angel Tevin.
ERIC HELSEL (Welch) is thrilled to be back for a second season with Theatre Arlington.  He appeared in The Miracle on 34th Street, A Few Good Men last season and most recently as Mayor Rufus Poindexter in The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas.  Eric enjoys being a father to his two children and would like to thank his wife, J’vette for her support and introducing him to the theater.
MATTIE LILLIAN DAVIS (Lola) is overjoyed to be making her Theatre Arlington debut in one of her favorite musicals with such a fantastic group of performers. Mattie has been seen in multiple shows in the DFW area including No Way To Treat A Lady in the role of Sarah Stone (Onstage in Bedford), The Cuban & The Redhead (Pegasus Theatre), Titanic (Uptown Players), Beehive (Jubilee Theatre), Singin’ In The Rain (Stolen Shakespeare Guild), and Jekyll and Hyde (Onstage in Bedford). While living in New York City, Mattie attended dance classes at the Joffrey Ballet School. Upon her return to DFW, she choreographed No Way To Treat a Lady (Onstage in Bedford), and just finished choreographing Anything Goes for Covenant Christian Academy. She looks forward to continuing to build her experience as a choreographer. In addition to performing and choreographing, Mattie also teaches at The Acting Studio and serves delicious Tex-Mex at Blue Goose Cantina. Mattie is a graduate of TCU with a BFA in Musical Theatre. www.mattielillian.com
BRIA HUCKABY (Miss Weston) is elated to be returning to Theatre Arlington. She’s a graduate of Texas Wesleyan University with a BA in Theatre. At Wesleyan her credits include, The Hostage (Meg Dillion), Oklahoma! (Gertie), The Important Hats of the 20th Century (Bev), and Blithe Spirit (Mrs. Bradman). She also starred in Kentucky (Bridesmaid) at the Imprint Theatre, The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas (Eloise) at Theatre Arlington, Neil Simon’s Female Odd Couple (Vera) and Baby the Musical (Pam) at the MPM Studio Theatre, and To Be Young Gifted and Black (Mavis, Pale Hecate, Juno and Candace) at Jubilee Theatre.
TORRE YOUNGHANS (Lynch, Commissioner, Guard) was born and raised in California, so he’s no stranger to the stage, but this is his first time on a Texas stage, and he is honored and thankful that it’s at Theatre Arlington. Some of his favorite roles include McMurphy in Cuckoo’s Nest, Sky in Guys and Dolls, Sparky in Forever Plaid, Tom in Glass Menagerie, Horatio in Hamlet…heck, they’re all faves, and he’d list them all if he could. Biggest thanks and praise to God for putting the acting fire in my heart, and to my beautiful wife Holly, for continuing to fan that flame. Enjoy.
TRUMAN THOMPSON (Postmaster) is making his fourth appearance at Theatre Arlington. He previously appeared in Miracle on 34th Street as Hollaran, A Few Good Men as Cmdr. Walter Stone, and Hooray For The Holidays as Clarence Callahan. He is excited about being involved with this great cast and grateful to Steve Morris for the opportunity to appear at Theatre Arlington. He would like to thank his wife Glenda for her support.
ASHLEY TYSOR (2nd Girl) is thrilled to be with Theatre Arlington. Her recent credits include Ragtime (Evelyn Nesbit) at UTA, How to Succeed… Trying (Pirate Wickette/Secretary), at Summer Stock Austin, The Music Man at UTA and Summer Stock Austin (Teen Dance Ensemble), and Company (Kathy) at UTA.  She is also performed with the Maverick Dance Company at the American College Dance Association. She would like to thank her friends and family for their love and support.
LISA WARD (1st Girl) Ward is excited to be back on stage at Theatre Arlington. Thank you to Steve and Lori for the opportunity. She was last seen in TCU’s 2018 commencement as MBA Graduate. Need help with retirement planning? See me after the show.
CLOSE
Damn Yankees Crew
STEVEN D. MORRIS (Director) started performing with Theatre Arlington in 1981 and has done over 60 shows here as an actor, director and writer. Steve is thrilled to be the Executive Producer at Theatre Arlington and working with such a great staff and Board of Directors. When Mr. Morris retired after 27 years of being the Director of Theatre at Lamar High School the school’s auditorium was named for him. Steve is very active with his church Unity of Arlington. Steve is blessed by great love in his life from his family, friends and his canine companions Elvis and Reba. Be sure to follow Steve on Twitter, although he rarely posts and is not that interesting.
LORI WOODS BLONDIN (Choreographer) has been the head of the Dance Program at Lamar High School going on twenty years.  She has an Associate’s Degree in musical theatre from Mt. View College and a Bachelor’s Degree in Theatre from Texas Wesleyan University. She grew up dancing at Miss Persis Studio of Dance and Dance Theatre of Arlington where she also began her teaching career at the age of 15.  During her high school and college years, she sang and danced in shows at Six Flags Over Texas in the Southern Palace Theatre which led to a great career on the stage performing at local and regional theatres as well as corporate and industrial shows all over the country.  She was chosen as best actress in a musical for her performance of Adelaide in Guys and Dolls as well as fan favorite here at Theatre Arlington.  Other TA credits include Paulette in Legally Blonde, Sonia Walks in They’re Playing Our Song and Chrissy Callahan in Hooray for Holidays.  She also recently served as the choreographer for TA’s production of The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas.  Some of her other favorite roles include Charity in Sweet Charity, Bebe in A Chorus Line, Velma in Chicago, and Lorraine in 42nd Street.  In their extra time, she and her husband serve as foster parents for Tzu Zoo Rescue saving the world one lucky dog at a time.  Love to Steven D. Morris for a lifetime of playing shows together.
KEVIN BROWN (Set Designer) is extremely grateful to Steven and the entire Theatre Arlington (TA) Family. His previous shows at TA have been Blithe Spirit (Stony Award), Footloose (Stony Award), They’re Playing Our Song, Brighton Beach Memoirs (Stony Award) and Best Little Whorehouse in Texas. Kevin is an award-winning set designer and interior designer who owns Studio Brown Designs. His work includes, but is not limited to, Residential, Commercial, Multi-family Housing, Remodel Consultation, Merchandizing, Holiday Décor and Theatrical Set Design and Dressing. His work has been on various stages across the DFW area. Uptown Players, Stage West, OnStage in Bedford, MainStage Irving, Runway Theatre and Firehouse Theatre to name a few. Kevin’s favorite shows have been The Nance, It’s Only a Play, The Tribute Artist, Disaster the Musical, The View Upstairs, Cabaret (Column Award), Spring Awakening (Column Award), Xanadu, Who’s Afraid of Virginia Woolf, Peter and the Starcatcher (Column Award), Seussical (Column Award) and Billy Elliot (Best Set Design Broadway World). Kevin is excited to team up with his friend Angie (his partner in crime). www.facebook.com/StudioBrownDesigns
ROBIN DOTSON (Properties Designer) is the proud mother of college freshman Sydney, who discovered the wonderful world of theater through Theatre Arlington ten years ago and is now majoring in musical theater!  An elementary teacher by day, Robin has worked on props for many T.A. youth shows, as well as adult shows such as Calendar Girls, Legally Blonde, Footloose, 9 to 5, and The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas at Theatre Arlington the past few seasons. Enjoy the show!
BILL EICKENLOFF (Sound Designer) is an adjunct professor and the resident Sound Designer at TCU’s Theatre Department in Fort Worth, as well as the resident Sound Designer for Theatre Arlington.  He also works for Casa Mañana, Lyric Stage, DBU, Mainstage Irving Las Colinas, Brick Road Theatre, Wishing Star Productions, Prism Theatrics, and the Trinity Shakespeare Festival. He is a proud graduate of Texas A&M University. See his complete bio at www.linkedin.com.
ANGIE GLOVER (Scenic Artist) began her scenic painting career at Theatre Arlington in 2017 with the show Shrek Jr. Since then, Angie has continued working as Resident Scenic Artist at Theatre Arlington and is hostess for the popular paint class held there, “Paint Party with Angie!” Past artistic endeavors include fabricating styrofoam sculptures for The Gaylord Texan, Lone Star Parade Floats and at Six Flags. Angie has also provided her artistic brush painting for the Fort Worth Opera and the Museum of the American Railroad in Frisco, TX. When not at the theatre, Angie can usually be found up to her elbows in any number of artistic projects. As a starving-ish artist, Angie is always available for hire. angieglover.carbonmade.com
MARK DENNIS MILLER (Music Direction/Keyboards) is happy to be back at Theatre Arlington for this production of Damn Yankees after MDing The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas.  Selected credits include three world premiere musicals – Broadway or Bust  (MD) for Pegasus Theatre, The Cuban and the Redhead (Associate MD) and Pryor Rendering (MD) for OKC Rep/Tulsa PAC. Local: Theatre Three, ICT, Jubilee Theatre, Circle Theatre, Dallas Repertory, Dallas Summer Musicals, Dallas Theatre Center, Theatre TCU and Lyric Stage. Regional: Maine State Music Theatre, Lyric/Oklahoma and Arkansas Rep. Mr. Miller is currently a Collaborative Pianist & Vocal Coach for Texas Christian University, Weatherford College, Chisholm Trail High School, Ed Wilkie and Marine Creek Middle Schools. In addition, he serves as Organist for Meadowbrook-Poly UMC in East Fort Worth.
KAREN  MURK POTTER (Costume Designer) is a designer for theatre, opera, film and television. Karen’s work has been seen in various theatres and film festivals across the country. She currently works as an Assistant Professor for Texas Wesleyan University. She worked for the California Institute of the Arts as a Costume Shop Manager and Adjunct Faculty. She lives with her two children and husband in Fort Worth, Texas and works throughout the country and in the Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex.
BRYAN STEVENSON (Lighting Designer) holds a B.F.A. in Theatre from Texas Wesleyan University and an M.F.A. in Design from the University of Arkansas, Fayetteville. He has designed at many local theatre companies including Fort Worth Shakespeare in the Park, Stage West, Jubilee and Circle. Nationally Bryan designs for the Boy Scouts of America National Conferences and Shows. Bryan is an active participant in the United Institute of Theatre Technology, where he has served on panels on lighting and scenic design. He is also a member Stagehands Union, IATSE Local 126.
LAUREN URSO (Assistant Director) is thrilled to be returning to Theatre Arlington in a new creative role since her last appearance on the TA stage for Hooray for the Holidays. Lauren holds a Bachelor of Music in Musical Theatre and a Bachelor of Music in Vocal Performance from Oklahoma City University and has recently relocated to the DFW area after spending the last two years performing and auditioning in New York City. Lauren’s most notable on-stage credits include Kate/Whale Soloist in Legally Blonde (54Below), Sherrie Christian in Rock of Ages (Lyric Theatre of Oklahoma), Bonnie Parker in Bonnie and Clyde (OCU) Kate Monster in Avenue Q (Brookhaven College), Carrie in Carrie (Brookhaven College), and Millie in Thoroughly Modern Millie (Artisan Center Theatre). Lauren teaches private voice lessons and is proud to come from a family of passionate patrons of the arts. Many thanks to Steven, her supportive family and friends, and YOU for seeing this show! www.laurenurso.com
CLOSE
A Raisin in the Sun Cast
NATE DAVIS (Joseph Asagai) is an advocate for the arts. Growing up, his excitement came from music and doing Eddie Murphy and Elvis Presley impressions. This past year, Nate quit his job in order to fully focus on actualizing his entertainment career goals. You probably have seen him on Helzberg Diamonds promotional ads, or national commercials for Zaxby’s, and many other companies. Acting is his passion and one thing he learned in life is discovery is not only for the actor playing the role, it’s for the human that’s looking for their purpose. Once you find your purpose, success will find you. He will be graduating this year with a bachelor’s in Entertainment Businesses. His ultimate goal is to present ideas of understanding and love through entertainment.
GEN DONNELL (Bobo) Gen Donnell is excited and grateful to be a part of this amazing team and to step in the role of Bobo. As an Alumni of KD from the Musical Theatre Program, he has been pursuing that passion for acting for years. This will be Mr. Donnell’s very FIRST performance with Theatre Arlington. He has been in other productions all around DFW such as The Glass Menagerie as Tom Wingfield, Aida as Amonasro, and Once on This Island at the Firehouse Theatre, Avenue Q as Trekkie, Ruined as Jerome Kisembe at Echo Theatre, The Wedding Singer, Man of La Mancha, Sunset Blvd, Irving Berlin’s White Christmas as Mike Nolty At SSG, and The Wild Party as Eddie at Bishop Arts Theatre. Gen Donnell is looking forward to sharing a stage with this ALL-STAR cast and to share this story with all of you.
LAUREN HARRISON (Beneatha Younger) is making her Theatre Arlington debut! She is currently a freshman at the University of Texas at Arlington, earning her BFA in Theatre Performance. Recent roles include Echoes Media’s #Voiced (Shessy Garland), Shakespeare Dallas/Junior Players Dallas’s Much Ado About Nothing (Beatrice), and UTA Theatre and Dance’s The Bald Soprano (Mary). Special thanks to her family, friends, and professors for all of their support! Find Lauren on Instagram (theharrisonchronicles) and Facebook (Lauren Harrison).
Enjoy the show!
LINDA JORDAN (Lena Younger) is making her Theatre Arlington debut.  She has been seen at TCC Southeast campus in Raisin in The Sun, Cabaret Theater in Wichita Ks in the musical Beehive, Lady Sings The Blues Review, 4 Divas, A Twisted Christmas and Streaking Thru The 70’s. Also Stage One’s Smokey Joes Cafe, Words & Music featuring songs written by the famous Johnny Mercer and Cole Porter. Linda is a 911 Dispatcher and First Responder for the Fort Worth Police Department.
WILLIAM KLEDAS (Karl Lindner) last appeared in a show (on this very stage) in 2017 portraying 19 different characters in The Complete Works of William Shakespeare: Abridged.   Coming back to Theater Arlington after a long absence to be a part of this amazing work is a dream come true.  He is humbled to be a part of such tremendous group of actors, stage professionals and friends to bring this story to you tonight.  A veteran of the DFW theater community since 2010, Bill has taken the last 3 years to complete his degree in Information Technology, Cybersecurity — having graduated during the rehearsal process for this show.  He thanks all of those who have supported him on his long journey.
SHAUNDRA NORWOOD (Ruth Younger) is no stranger to the theatre; however, this is her debut at Theatre Arlington. Her passion is telling the stories! She is super excited to play the role of Ruth Younger; this is one of Shaundra’s favorite plays. Shaundra has left her mark in the theatre realm during the last 10 years. Her credits include works with, WG Ministries, New Life Fellowship church (Director), Jubilee Theatre, Plaza Theatre Co (Cleburne), Carnegie Players (Cleburne), and Bishop Arts Theatre. Shaundra thanks her family, friend, and support system for their words of encouragement, prayers, and accountability. “Without God, I am nothing.”
KING PACKARD (Travis Younger) is very excited to be in the production! King is twelve years old and has been dreaming of being an actor. King has performed in some school plays like Roll of Thunder as Little Man, Winnie the Pooh as Christopher Robin, and Commedia Dell Arte. King loves to play basketball, roleplay, and hang with his friends in spare time!
BRYAN PITTS* (Walter Lee Younger) Theatre Arlington debut. He would like to thank God for this opportunity to tell this story, family (Baldwin and Washington), friends and all arts supporters. He has worked with theaters including Shakespeare Dallas, Ebony Emerald, Kitchen Dog, Second Thought, Lyric State, Theater Fusion, Cara Mia, WaterTower, African-American Rep, Theatre Three, Jubilee Theatre, Trinity Shakespeare, Dallas Theater Center, Stage West and Undermain. Other credits include, BJ’s Restaurant, Eyemakers, American Crime, Dallas and The Good Guys. He studied at Northlake College and the University of North Texas. Bryan is represented by the Kim Dawson Agency.
DURANT SEARCY (George Murchison) makes his return to the Theatre Arlington stage with this production of A Raisin in the Sun”. He was last seen at Theatre Arlington in Rent back in 2012. Durant has performed for several years on different stages in the DFW area such as Jubilee Theatre, Casa Manana, Lyric Stage, Bishop Arts Theatre, Rose Marine, and many other great venues. When he is not performing on the theatre stage, he is writing, producing, and recording original music for himself as well as other local artists.
CLOSE
A Raisin in the Sun Crew
MEGAN HARATINE (Director) is so grateful to be back at Theatre Arlington after having directed Brighton Beach Memoirs this past summer.  It has been a humbling privilege to work alongside this amazing cast, creative team, and the whole TA family to bring this important modern classic to the community. She was most recently seen onstage in Ada & the Engine at Stage West, in Romeo & Juliet at Bass Hall as part of Stage West’s educational program, and in Babette’s Feast last Spring at Amphibian Stage Productions.  She has her MFA in Acting from the University of Delaware’s Professional Theatre Training Program and has been an adjunct professor and director at TCC Southeast Campus for the last 9 years. Megan was awarded national recognition from Kennedy Center’s American College Theatre Festival in 2017 for Distinguished Direction of a New Work and now serves as Vice Chair of Texas for KCACTF. Additionally this semester, she is an adjunct instructor of theatre at both TCU and UTA. Megan would like to thank Steve Morris for granting her another opportunity to direct for her beloved hometown theatre & for choosing A Raisin in the Sun as part of the season.  Above all, a special thanks goes out to Richie & the boys for their many sacrifices throughout this process & a shout out to Margie (Mom) who frequently comes to our rescue. Much love.
JASMINE SHANDS (Stage Manager) has worked in various roles both on and offstage. She is a sophomore at Tarrant County Community College and pursuing a degree in Theater Education. Some of her most notable roles and positions include Amanda Wingfield in The Glass Menagerie, Regina in Henrik Ibsen’s Ghosts, Stage Manager for Footloose: The Musical, and Stage Manager for Tarrant County College Southeast’s 2019 “Festival of New Plays.” This is her first production with Theatre Arlington and is very proud of all the hard work and talent of the cast and crew.
BRYAN STEVENSON (Set/Lighting Designer) holds a B.F.A. in Theatre from Texas Wesleyan University and an M.F.A. in Design from the University of Arkansas, Fayetteville. He has designed at many local theatre companies including Fort Worth Shakespeare in the Park, Stage West, Jubilee and Circle. Nationally Bryan designs for the Boy Scouts of America National Conferences and Shows. Bryan is an active participant in the United Institute of Theatre Technology, where he has served on panels on lighting and scenic design. He is also a member Stagehands Union, IATSE local 126.
BILL EICKENLOFF (Sound Designer) is an adjunct professor and the resident Sound Designer at TCU’s Theatre Department in Fort Worth, as well as the resident Sound Designer for Theatre Arlington.  He also works for Casa Mañana, Lyric Stage, Mainstage Irving Las Colinas, Brick Road Theatre, Wishing Star Productions, Prism Theatrics and the Trinity Shakespeare Festival. He is a proud graduate of Texas A&M University. See his complete bio at www.linkedin.com.
HOPE COX (Costume Designer) is excited to be back at Theatre Arlington for this production. Some of her favorite costuming credits include Kitchen Witches (ONSTAGE in Bedford), Fairytale Lives of Russian Girls (LCT), Obama-ology (Jubilee Theatre), Pride and Prejudice (MainStage) and Of Mice and Men (Firehouse Theatre). Hope feels so blessed to have the opportunity to work with such a talented cast and crew.
ROBIN DOTSON (Properties Designer) is the proud mother of college freshman Sydney, who discovered the wonderful world of theater through Theatre Arlington ten years ago and is now majoring in musical theater!  An elementary teacher by day, Robin has worked on props for many T.A. youth shows, as well as adult shows such as Calendar Girls, Legally Blonde, Footloose, 9 to 5, and The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas at Theatre Arlington the past few seasons. Enjoy the show!
ANGIE GLOVER (Scenic Artist) began her scenic painting career at Theatre Arlington in 2017 with the show Shrek The Musical Jr.  Since then, Angie has continued working as Scenic Artist at many theatre venues around the Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex.  Past artistic endeavors include fabricating Styrofoam sculptures for The Gaylord Texan, Lone Star Parade Floats, Six Flags and scenic elements for the Fort Worth Opera.  When not at the theatre, Angie can usually be found up to her elbows in any number of artistic projects.  As a starving-ish artist, Angie is always available for hire. Angieglover.carbonmade.com
CLOSE
Hooray for Holidays Crew
STEVEN D. MORRIS (Director) started performing with Theatre Arlington in 1981 and has done over 60 shows here as an actor, director and writer. Steve is thrilled to be the Executive Producer at Theatre Arlington and working with such a great staff and Board of Directors. When Mr. Morris retired after 27 years of being the Director of Theatre at Lamar High School the school’s auditorium was named for him. Steve is very active with his church Unity of Arlington. Steve is blessed by great love in his life from his family, friends and his canine companions Elvis and Reba. Be sure to follow Steve on Twitter, although he rarely posts and is not that interesting.
DANIEL HERNANDEZ (Music Director/Stage Manager) was most recently seen on the TA stage as Governor in The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas, one of the voices of Vernon Gersch in They’re Playing Our Song, as Drunken Santa/Mr. Macy in Miracle on 34th Street, the Cowardly Lion in The Magical City of Oz and as Dwayne in 9to5: The Musical and was also featured as Riff Raff in Brookhaven’s production of Rocky Horror Picture Show in the summer of 2017. He has appeared in Texas Wesleyan University Opera Workshop productions of Cosi fan Tutte as Ferrando and Manon as Le Chevalier des Grieux. Daniel was the assistant musical director for Nolan Catholic Theater productions of Shrek the Musical and The Addams Family. He has taught elementary music throughout Fort Worth, works as a Lead Drama Instructor for C.A.S.T. in Coppell, and received his B.A. in Vocal Performance from Texas Wesleyan.
RYAN SIMÓN (Assistant Music Director) is a Junior at Texas Wesleyan University, studying a BFA in Musical Theatre and a Minor in Music Composition. He has music directed previously for Mr. Burns and The Hostage at Texas Wesleyan, as well as composing for Alice! a New Musical at the Luckenbooth Theatre. Ryan is a member of the Dramatists Guild.
BRYAN STEVENSON (Set/Lighting Designer) holds a B.F.A. in Theatre from Texas Wesleyan University and an M.F.A. in Design from the University of Arkansas, Fayetteville. He has designed at many local theatre companies including Fort Worth Shakespeare in the Park, Stage West, Jubilee and Circle. Nationally Bryan designs for the Boy Scouts of America National Conferences and Shows. Bryan is an active participant in the United Institute of Theatre Technology, where he has served on panels on lighting and scenic design. He is also a member Stagehands Union, IATSE local 126.
BILL EICKENLOFF (Sound Designer) is an adjunct professor and the resident Sound Designer at TCU’s Theatre Department in Fort Worth, as well as the resident Sound Designer for Theatre Arlington.  He also works for Casa Mañana, Lyric Stage, Mainstage Irving Las Colinas, Brick Road Theatre, Wishing Star Productions, Prism Theatrics and the Trinity Shakespeare Festival. He is a proud graduate of Texas A&M University. See his complete bio at www.linkedin.com.
KAREN MURK POTTER (Costume Designer) is happy to be part of the creative team for Hooray for Holidays. She has costumed shows at Theatre Arlington, Tarrant County College, and Lamar High school where she taught classes in Nutrition and Fashion Design. She holds a Bachelor of Science Degree from TCU and Master of Liberal Arts Degree from Abilene Christian. She and her husband, Alton spend time volunteering here at the theatre, traveling, and attending activities of their daughters and grandchildren.
ROBIN DOTSON (Properties Designer) is the proud mother of recent high school graduate Sydney, who discovered the wonderful world of theater through Theatre Arlington ten years ago and is now off to college to major in musical theater!  An elementary teacher by day, Robin has worked on props for many T.A. youth shows, as well as Calendar Girls, Legally Blonde, Footloose, 9 to 5, A Few Good Men and They’re Playing Our Song at Theatre Arlington the past few  seasons. Enjoy the show!
ANGIE GLOVER (Scenic Artist) began her scenic painting career at Theatre Arlington in 2017 with the show Shrek The Musical Jr.  Since then, Angie has continued working as Scenic Artist at many theatre venues around the Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex.  Past artistic endeavors include fabricating Styrofoam sculptures for The Gaylord Texan, Lone Star Parade Floats, Six Flags and scenic elements for the Fort Worth Opera.  When not at the theatre, Angie can usually be found up to her elbows in any number of artistic projects.  As a starving-ish artist, Angie is always available for hire. Angieglover.carbonmade.com
CLOSE
Hooray for Holidays Cast
LORI WOODS BLONDIN (Krissy Callahan) Lori Woods Blondin has been the head of the Dance Program at Lamar High School going on twenty years. She has an Associate’s Degree in musical theatre from Mt. View College and a Bachelor’s Degree in Theatre from Texas Wesleyan University. She grew up dancing at Miss Persis Studio of Dance and Dance Theatre of Arlington where she also began her teaching career at the age of 15. During her high school and college years she sang and danced in shows at Six Flags Over Texas in the Southern Palace Theatre which led to a great career on the stage performing at local and regional theatres as well as corporate and industrial shows all over the country. She was chosen as Best Actress in a Musical for her performance of Adelaide in Guys and Dolls as well as Fan Favorite here at Theatre Arlington. Other TA credits include Paulette in Legally Blonde the Musical, Sonia Walsk in They’re Playing Our Song and most recently choreography for The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas.  Some of her other favorite roles include Charity in Sweet Charity, Bebe in A Chorus Line, Velma in Chicago, and Lorraine in 42nd Street.  In their extra time she and her husband serve as foster parents for Tzu Zoo Rescue saving the world one lucky dog at a time.  Mark your calendar for her cabaret show “It’s Not My Fault” December 21st right here at the Theatre.
LEO WOODS BLONDIN (Fluffy) is making his stage debut in Hooray For Holidays.  He is a foster fail with tzu zoo rescue who has found his happily ever after with his sister Angel, brother Benny and his parents Jayson Blondin and Lori Woods.  www.tzuzoorescue.com for more information on fostering or adopting other dogs like Leo.
JILLIAN BRADFORD (Julie) is excited to be dancing and acting on Theatre Arlington’s stage for the second time! Nowadays, you can find her studying at TCU or house managing at Theatre Arlington. She wants to thank Steve and Daniel for this fun opportunity and her friends and family for all their love and support.
WILLIE BROWN (Judy) was born in Los Angeles, CA and raised a true-blue Texan. Willie’s love for self-expression through the arts became evident as a child. As a lifetime arts student she studied Acting, Writing, Production, and Business Law at The American Academy of Dramatic Arts in West Hollywood and LACC. She is the CEO and Founder of WMK Films. Multi-Lingual and talented she has several projects in development. She spends her time living and working in California and Texas. Her hobbies include writing poetry, traveling, learning new languages and spending time with her family. She is fluent in Spanish and English and is actively learning Chinese and Russian.
LUCY CHAMBERS (Ethel) is thrilled to be back on the Theatre Arlington stage! She made her debut as Susan Walker in Miracle on 34th Street last Christmas, and she has most recently loved being Roo in Winnie the Pooh and Lucille in Junie B. Jones the Musical JR.! Lucy lives in Pantego with her family, and is currently a seventh grade student at Grace Prep. In her spare time, Lucy enjoys reading, tumbling, playing soccer, singing and spending time with her friends. Lucy wants to thank Mr. Morris and Daniel for this fun opportunity, and her parents and 5 siblings for all their support. Jeremiah 29:11
MILLY CHAMBERS (Sutton) is crazy excited to be back on the Theatre Arlington stage with her sisters! She was recently seen as Camille in Junie B. Jones the Musical JR.! Milly is a 10 year old student at Chambers Academy (home-school) and lives in Pantego with her 2 sisters and 3 brothers. You can usually find Milly playing outside, singing, playing piano or volleyball or loving anything with animals and horses. Milly wants to thank Mr. Morris and Daniel for this fun opportunity, and her family for their support. Romans 5:8
RYLEY CHAMBERS (Lizzy) is thrilled to be back on the Theatre Arlington stage! She was most recently seen in the cast of Junie B. Jones the Musical JR.! Off the stage Ryley is a varsity cheerleader and she enjoys reading, baking and playing piano. She is a 9th grader at Grace Prep and lives in Pantego with her family. Ryley wants to thank Mr. Morris and Daniel for this amazing opportunity to be on stage! Isaiah 41:10
ROBBIE CLARK (Blake Devero) is pretty dang happy to be returning to the Theatre Arlington stage. All he really wanted for Christmas was to play the role of Elphaba in a Broadway production of Wicked, but while that seems highly unlikely for numerous reasons, he’s jazzed as heck to now portray the director in the world premiere of a Theatre Arlington original. After earning his BFA in Theatre Performance from UTA in 2010, he was drafted as the fourth string quarterback of the Saint Louis Rams. When that didn’t work out, also for numerous reasons, he returned to the stage, appearing as Sam Weinberg in A Few Good Men, Andrew Rally in I Hate Hamlet, and Eeyore in Winnie The Pooh. He’s glad you’re here, he hopes you enjoy the show, and if anyone’s going by Jack In The Box later, he’d love some tacos. Merry Christmas & God bless us, everyone!…except people who talk during movies and don’t silence their phones during live performances. They can just have an alright Christmas.
CALLIE CUNNINGHAM (Velma) is grateful to be back on the TA stage! Previous Theatre Arlington credits include The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas, They’re Playing Our Song, Guys and Dolls and Hello, Dolly! She also was recently seen in Stolen Shakespeare Guild’s production of Anything Goes, where she also performed in the 2019 Shakespeare festival and Irving Berlin’s White Christmas. Callie is an actual Aggie (Class of 2013- whoop!) and a speech pathologist in real life. She also teaches dance at Miss Persis Studio and sends her love to the Persii and the most supportive parents a girl could ask for. Romans 8:38-39.
PERSIS ANN FORSTER*(Cora Ann Callahan), a graduate of the University of Texas at Arlington with a BA in Radio/TV, has been teaching for over 40 years. She is a professional actress, singer, choreographer and has performed leading roles at Theatre Arlington (most recently as Dolly Levi), Gown Town Theatre, Casa Manana, North Shore Music Theatre outside of Boston, and Lyric Theatre in Oklahoma City. In addition to being the Artistic Director of Dance Theatre of Arlington, she is Past President of Texas Association Teachers of Dancing and a former performer/choreographer for Six Flags Show Productions. Miss Persis Studio is her family business and she lives in Arlington with her husband, Steve Burdick. “Very excited to be at TA as an Actors Equity member as they begin their track to being an Equity theatre!”
BEN GERVASI (Danny) is very excited to be back a Theatre Arlington! He was last seen at Theatre Arlington as Pinocchio in Pinocchio Commedia and School of Rock: Youth Production as Freddy Hamilton. More recently, he was seen on the Martin High School stage as Flute/Thisbe in A Midsummer Night’s Dream and Sefelt in One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest. Ben would like to thank his loving family for supporting him and driving him to rehearsal.
MICAH GREEN (Cousin Cooper Callahan) Merry Christmas!  Micah hopes you are having a wonderful holiday season!  Feel free to say hi after the show.
MICHAEL GREEN (Michael) Michael Green is thrilled to be making his second appearance with Theatre Arlington.  Most recently he was seen at Theatre Arlington as Senator JT Wingwoah in The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas. Favorite past roles include Perchik in Fiddler on the Roof (WCT), Asher/brother in Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat (WCT), and The Wedding Singer with Stolen Shakespeare Guild.  Many thanks to the cast, crew, directors of the show and to all his friends and family for their love and support!!
DONOVAN LAWSON (Maxine) was last seen on the TA stage as Shy in The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas! Donovan grew up on the TA stage as a youth in various shows and continues to love performing on this stage as an adult. Donovan is a graduate of Oklahoma City University where she received her Bachelor of Fine Arts in Theatre for Young Audiences with a Directing minor. She started performing at a young age at Miss Persis Studio and around DFW. Favorite credits: Rusty in Footloose, Dorothy in Magical City of Oz, Reno in Anything Goes, Godspell. Special thank you to Morris and Daniel for this opportunity and thank you to my family for all the support! Here to make you proud – to infinity and beyond, my angel Tevin.
STEVEN D. MORRIS (Carl Callahan) is always happy to be onstage at Theatre Arlington and is delighted to be performing this show with his friends.  Steve loves the simplicity of the message of this show – holidays are fun and meant to be shared with family.  Thanks to my Mom and Dwain, my family and friends and Unity of Arlington for helping me enjoy the holidays and know what is really important in life. A reminder for everyone – the holidays are a great time to be kind and show our Christmas spirit but we can do that all year round. This year give the gift of love – Let’s share it everywhere!
JORDAN PRATT (Kirk Callahan) graduated with his BFA in Theatre from SMU in 2006 but has not appeared on stage since his last production here at Theatre Arlington, Irving Berlin’s White Christmas. Once upon a time, Jordan was heavily involved in the world of theatre, but now Jordan spends his days as the Dean of a High School and with his lovely wife and wonderful daughters. Jordan is so excited to have the chance to come back to the world of theatre with so many friends and loved ones participating in this show. Thank you to everyone involved in the show for their support and love. But the biggest Thank You goes to his wife, Forever and Ever.
ACE RAINEY (Jack) is excited to be in his second performance at Theatre Arlington. Ace lives in Arlington with his family and attends The Montessori Academy. He is in third grade and enjoys martial arts, baseball, and piano. He has been attending acting classes and summer camps at Theatre Arlington for the past 4 years. Some of Ace’s favorite roles include Ensemble in Junie B. Jones the Musical JR., Baloo in The Jungle Book, and Abu in Aladdin the Musical JR. Ace would like to thank his mom and dad for driving him to rehearsals every day. He would also like to thank Mrs. Cindy, Mrs. Maggie, and Mr. Josh for supporting him with his love for musical theatre.
GEORGE SEPULVEDA (Marty) is excited to be back on stage at Theatre Arlington after appearing in Footloose, Hello, Dolly!, Irving Berlin’s White Christmas and Guys and Dolls!. He has also performed various roles with theatres in Mansfield and Plano, Texas. He has directed many musicals and helped with the musical direction of many more. Most of his time and energy is spent on his day job teaching music at Atherton Elementary in Arlington ISD, and he is also the Co-Director of Arlington’s elementary honor choir, the Arlington Children’s Chorus. He received his Bachelor of Music Education from Baylor University.
MAXTON SIMS (Sammy) is thrilled to be back on stage at Theatre Arlington! He made his theater debut as the Owl in Theatre Arlington’s production of Stellaluna. He also had the honor of playing Herb in Junie B. Jones The Musical JR. at Theatre Arlington. Most recently, he appeared as Max the Pirate in the Artisan Children’s Theater production of How I Became a Pirate. When he’s not on stage, Maxton enjoys singing, playing the ukulele and spending time outdoors. He is currently in 6th grade studying Theater at Grand Prairie Fine Arts Academy. Maxton would like to thank Steve for this opportunity and his friends and family for all their love and support.
TYLER THOMPSON (Cookie Callahan) Tyler Thompson was recently seen on the Theatre Arlington stage as Rabbit in Winnie the Pooh. She is a graduate of The University of Oklahoma where she received a BFA in drama. She had the amazing opportunity of spending her final semester of college in Chicago after being accepted into The Second City’s Comedy Studies program. She is a graduate of The Second City of Chicago’s Conservatory Program as well as The iO Theater improv program where she performed with the Harold team Interrobang. Tyler has studied clowning under Paola Coletto, performed at Chicago Sketchfest, Donny’s Skybox at The Second City, The Women’s Funny Festival, and The Del Close Marathon. She is a graduate of the Four Day Weekend Training Center where she currently teaches and performs. Starting January 2020, she will be teaching their Level 1 improv class at the Four Day Weekend Dallas location. Tyler also enjoys teaching acting classes and private lessons at Theatre Arlington. Tyler is represented by Grit Talent Agency.
TRUMAN THOMPSON (Clarence) is making his third appearance at Theatre Arlington. He previously appeared in Miracle on 34th Street as Holloran and in A Few Good Men as Cmdr. Walter Stone. He would like to thank Steve Morris for the opportunity to appear again at Theatre Arlington and a special thanks to his wife Glenda for her support.
KYLIE REYNOLDS THORNTON (Patty), recently seen as Dawn in The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas, is thrilled to be returning to the Theatre Arlington stage after a long hiatus.  Favorite previous roles include Little Sally in Urinetown, Olivia in Twelfth Night (both at Trinity University) and Kenni in Becky’s New Car (Theatre Arlington).  When not performing, Kylie is a Production Scheduler at Alcon and enjoys watching movies with her husband and dog.  She is also proud to serve on the Theatre Arlington Board of Directors.  Many thanks to Steve, Mark and Lori for this opportunity! Love to my family, Cole and ZoZo.
LAUREN URSO (Lavern) is thrilled to be returning to Theatre Arlington since her last appearance on the TA stage as an elementary student. Lauren holds a Bachelor of Music in Musical Theatre and a Bachelor of Music in Vocal Performance from Oklahoma City University and has recently relocated to the DFW area after spending the last two years performing and auditioning in New York City. Lauren’s most notable credits include Kate/Whale Soloist in Legally Blonde (54Below), Sherrie Christian in Rock of Ages (Lyric Theatre of Oklahoma), Bonnie Parker in Bonnie and Clyde (OCU) Kate Monster in Avenue Q (Brookhaven College), Carrie in Carrie the Musical (Brookhaven College), and Millie in Thoroughly Modern Millie (Artisan Center Theatre). Lauren teaches private voice lessons and is proud to be the daughter of two passionate patrons of the arts. Many thanks to Steven, Daniel, all her teachers, her supportive family and friends, and YOU for seeing this show! www.laurenurso.com
CALLEIGH WHITE (Madaline) is currently a 5th grade student at Jones Academy of Fine Arts and Dual Language.  She has thrived to be on stage since before she was in Kindergarten. She enjoys singing, dancing, and performing. Calleigh loves being at student at Theatre Arlington. She has been in Nate the Great and Miracle on 34th Street at Theatre Arlington. At Jones Academy, she has been in Annie JR. and Shrek the Musical JR. Calleigh would like to thank her Mom and Dad for always supporting her in theatre and her siblings, Nicholas and Kaelynne, for always helping her bring out her best. She would also like to thank her teachers at Jones Academy for helping her find her love of the Fine Arts especially theatre.
CLOSE
Ripcord Crew
SHARON KAYE MILLER (Director) is an actual native to Arlington, having been born here in 1956 and graduating from Arlington High School in 1974. Her theatre training was spent earning college credit from TCU and Tarleton State University working for JoAnn Miller as a charter member of the Granbury Opera House. As a high school theatre director, Sharon spent most of her years here in Arlington at Martin High School until she retired in 2015. Her close friendship and admiration of fellow artist Steve Morris brought her to Theatre Arlington where she serves as a board member and guest director. Last year she directed Dead Man’s Cell Phone and returns this year with the same love and admiration for Theatre Arlington’s gracious audiences with Ripcord. She wishes to thank her amazing cast and crew for their hard work and helpful insight as they explored this amazing script. She also thanks her husband, children and grandchildren for letting Granny direct a show during Christmas.
HAILEE DYER (Stage Manager) is excited to be back at Theatre Arlington to continue her journey as a stage manager. Hailee began her work in the theatre as an actress. As her love for her craft grew, she realized she wanted to further her knowledge. Hailee believes that being well rounded is important and is joyous to do that here with Ripcord. She hopes you all enjoy the show and get in a good laugh.
BRYAN STEVENSON (Set/Lighting Designer) holds a B.F.A. in Theatre from Texas Wesleyan University and an M.F.A. in Design from the University of Arkansas, Fayetteville. He has designed at many local theatre companies including Fort Worth Shakespeare in the Park, Stage West, Jubilee and Circle. Nationally Bryan designs for the Boy Scouts of America National Conferences and Shows. Bryan is an active participant in the United Institute of Theatre Technology, where he has served on panels on lighting and scenic design. He is also a member Stagehands Union, IATSE local 126.
BILL EICKENLOFF (Sound Designer) is an adjunct professor and the resident Sound Designer at TCU’s Theatre Department in Fort Worth, as well as the resident Sound Designer for Theatre Arlington.  He also works for Casa Mañana, Lyric Stage, Mainstage Irving Las Colinas, Brick Road Theatre, Wishing Star Productions, Prism Theatrics and the Trinity Shakespeare Festival. He is a proud graduate of Texas A&M University. See his complete bio at www.linkedin.com.
ROBIN DOTSON (Properties Designer) is the proud mother of recent high school graduate Sydney, who discovered the wonderful world of theater through Theatre Arlington ten years ago and is now off to college to major in musical theater!  An elementary teacher by day, Robin has worked on props for many T.A. youth shows, as well as Calendar Girls, Legally Blonde, Footloose, 9 to 5, A Few Good Men and They’re Playing Our Song at Theatre Arlington the past few seasons. Enjoy the show!
ANGIE GLOVER (Scenic Artist) began her scenic painting career at Theatre Arlington in 2017 with the show Shrek The Musical Jr.  Since then, Angie has continued working as Scenic Artist at many theatre venues around the Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex.  Past artistic endeavors include fabricating Styrofoam sculptures for The Gaylord Texan, Lone Star Parade Floats, Six Flags and scenic elements for the Fort Worth Opera.  When not at the theatre, Angie can usually be found up to her elbows in any number of artistic projects.  As a starving-ish artist, Angie is always available for hire. Angieglover.carbonmade.com
CLOSE
Ripcord Cast
ABI ABEL (Collen/Woman in White) is excited to make her Theatre Arlington debut! Add to the excitement hitting the stage with two dear friends, Debbie Brown and Drenda Lewis! Favorite credits: Angel in Best Little Whorehouse in Texas, Bonnie in Anything Goes, Doris in Same Time Next Year,  Eileen in Moon Over Buffalo, Velma Kelly in Chicago, Diane Lorimer in 42nd Street, Azuri in The Desert Song. She would like to say Thank You to this amazing cast and team, and Love Always to family.
DEBORAH BROWN (Marilyn Dunne) is thrilled to return to Theatre Arlington.  In a career spanning several decades, she has performed at many DFW theatres, including Circle Theatre, Stage West, Granbury Opera House, Fort Worth Theater, Bass Performance Hall, WaterTower Theatre, and the Dallas Theater Center.  Recent performances include Beauty & the Beast at Dallas Children’s Theater, Man of La Mancha for Lyric Stage at the Majestic, and Opal’s Husband for 1:30 Productions.  Debbie spent 15 years as a Resident Company Member at the Casa Mañana Playhouse, playing all manner of witches, animals, and mothers.  She is also a recipient of the Live Theatre League of Fort Worth’s Lifetime Achievement Award, is a longtime member of Actors’ Equity Association, and can proudly claim to have visited all 50 United States (between early life as an Army brat and later years as a touring actress).  Many thanks to Steve Morris and Sharon Miller for this opportunity to revisit a favorite character, and a favorite theatre!
JOVANE CAAMAÑO (Scotty) is excited to be making his Theatre Arlington debut! Other regional theatres he’s worked with include: Undermain Theatre (Red Chariot; Lady from the Sea), Amphibian Stage Productions (Gutenberg! The Musical!), Stage West (Everybody), Second Thought Theatre (Enemies/People), Circle Theatre (This Random World), Theatre Three (Susan and God), and three seasons with the Trinity Shakespeare Festival, as well as Wishing Star Productions’ national tour of Rudolph, the Red-Nosed Reindeer the Musical. He graduated from Texas Christian University with his B.F.A. in Theatre with an emphasis in Musical Theatre and is a proud Horned Frog. He would like to thank his family for their love and belief, his best friends for all their support, and everyone at Theatre Arlington.
ROBBIE CLARK (Derek/Zombie Butler) is beyond ecstatic to be performing on the Theatre Arlington stage once more in a show as hilarious as Ripcord. After receiving his BFA from UTA in 2010, he fulfilled his lifelong dream of being a desperate costumed performer on the streets of Los Angeles. When the struggle became far too real, he made his way back to the stage appearing in such classics as A Few Good Men, I Hate Hamlet, Winnie The Pooh, and Hooray For Holidays. His favorite color is baby pink, and his dream role is Johnny Storm/The Human Torch in the upcoming Fantastic 4 reboot at Marvel Studios. His infatuation with burgers and pizza, coupled with his hatred for working out, make achieving that goal highly improbable. He hopes you enjoy the show, and the headshot he had taken back in 2012 when he had a more pronounced jawline.
DRENDA LEWIS (Abby) While Drenda is normally found in a costume shop, she occasionally moves to the stage. She is the resident costume designer at the Granbury Theatre Company, where she has also appeared in Arsenic and Old Lace, You Can’t Take it With You and Hands On A Hardbody. Thanks to director Sharon Kaye Miller and Theatre Arlington for this opportunity.
BRENDAN MCMAHON (Clown/Lewis/Benjamin) is happy to return to Theatre Arlington! Previous Credits Include: TEXAS: Amphibian Stage: Babette’s Feast, Theatre Arlington: Dead Man’s Cellphone, The Magical City of Oz, Stolen Shakespeare Guild: West Side Story. REGIONAL: Shakespeare Theatre Company: Hamlet, Williamstown Theatre Festival: June Moon, 4615 Theatre: Macbeth, Dinner, King John, Lion in Winter, The Pillowman, The Changeling, Pallas Theatre Collective: Assassins, Brave Spirits Theatre: Antony and Cleopatra, Maid’s Tragedy, Annapolis Shakespeare Company, Romeo and Juliet.
TRAINING: Catholic University, BA in Drama. Much love to Clare and Bear.
CLOSE
Winnie the Pooh Crew
STEVEN D. MORRIS (Director) started performing with Theatre Arlington in 1981 and has done over 60 shows here as an actor, director and writer. Steve is thrilled to be the Executive Producer at Theatre Arlington and working with such a great staff and Board of Directors. When Mr. Morris retired after 27 years of being the Director of Theatre at Lamar High School the school’s auditorium was named for him. Steve is very active with his church Unity of Arlington. Steve is blessed by great love in his life from his family, friends and his canine companions Elvis and Reba. Be sure to follow Steve on Twitter, although he rarely posts and is not that interesting.
DON POWERS (Music Director) has been the music director for most of the musicals at Theatre Arlington since 1982. He also has been involved with Kids Who Care and Casa Mañana over the years. His favorite shows include Pump Boys and Dinettes, Little Shop of Horrors and A Chorus Line. Don spent several years in Hawaii as a keyboard player with Don Ho. He retired in 2004 after 25 years with Southwestern Bell. When not behind a piano somewhere, Don is associated with Ebby Halliday in Arlington.  He and Steven D. Morris began writing a series of children’s shows (adults performing for children) in 1984. The Magical City of Oz was the first of these. They followed that with many others, including their versions of The Emperor’s Invisible Clothes, Cinderella, and Goldie and the Three Bears. His sincere hope is that these shows inspire a love of theatre in children and instill in them the magic of theatre that he discovered as a child.
HAILEE DYER (Stage Manager) is excited to be joining Theatre Arlington to start her journey as a stage manager. Hailee began her work in the theatre as an actress. As her love for her craft grew she realized she wanted to further her knowledge and gain another perspective. Hailee believes that being well rounded is important and is joyous to do that here with Winnie the Pooh. She hopes you all enjoy the show.
BRYAN STEVENSON (Set Designer) holds a B.F.A. in Theatre from Texas Wesleyan University and an M.F.A. in Design from the University of Arkansas, Fayetteville. He has designed at many local theatre companies including Fort Worth Shakespeare in the Park, Stage West, Jubilee and Circle. Nationally Bryan designs for the Boy Scouts of America National Conferences and Shows. Bryan is an active participant in the United Institute of Theatre Technology, where he has served on panels on lighting and scenic design. He is also a member Stagehands Union, IATSE local 126.
ALASTAIR SIGALA RAMIREZ (Lighting Designer)  is excited to be working with Theatre Arlington. Alastair is a member of United States Institute of Theatre Technology, and recently received his Bachelor of Art in Theatre from Texas Wesleyan University. At Wesleyan, Alastair’s credits included Avenue Q (puppet design), The Hostage (costume design), Important Hats of the Twentieth Century( costume design), Tartuffe (Lighting design), and Oklahoma! (Properties design). Other credits include Man of La Mancha (board op/programmer) and Evita (ASM/Propers coordinator) with Lyric Stage, and Cotton Patch Gospel (lighting design) and Steele Magnolias (lighting design) with Merely Players.
BILL EICKENLOFF (Sound Designer) is an adjunct professor and the resident Sound Designer at TCU’s Theatre Department in Fort Worth, as well as the resident Sound Designer for Theatre Arlington.  He also works for Casa Mañana, Lyric Stage, Mainstage Irving Las Colinas, Brick Road Theatre, Wishing Star Productions, Prism Theatrics and the Trinity Shakespeare Festival. He is a proud graduate of Texas A&M University. See his complete bio at www.linkedin.com.
JANICE PENNINGTON (Costume Designer) is happy to be part of the creative team for Winnie the Pooh. She has costumed shows at Theatre Arlington, Tarrant County College, and Lamar High school where she taught classes in Nutrition and Fashion Design. She holds a Bachelor of Science Degree from TCU and. Master of Liberal Arts Degree from Abilene Christian. She and her husband, Alton spend time volunteering here at the theatre, traveling, and attending activities of their daughters and grandchildren.
ROBIN DOTSON (Properties Designer) is the proud mother of recent high school graduate Sydney, who discovered the wonderful world of theater through Theatre Arlington ten years ago and is now off to college to major in musical theater!  An elementary teacher by day, Robin has worked on props for many T.A. youth shows, as well as Calendar Girls, Legally Blonde, Footloose, 9 to 5, A Few Good Men and They’re Playing Our Song at Theatre Arlington the past few  seasons. Enjoy the show!
ANGIE GLOVER (Scenic Artist) began her scenic painting career at Theatre Arlington in 2017 with the show Shrek The Musical Jr.  Since then, Angie has continued working as Scenic Artist at many theatre venues around the Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex.  Past artistic endeavors include fabricating Styrofoam sculptures for The Gaylord Texan, Lone Star Parade Floats, Six Flags and scenic elements for the Fort Worth Opera.  When not at the theatre, Angie can usually be found up to her elbows in any number of artistic projects.  As a starving-ish artist, Angie is always available for hire. Angieglover.carbonmade.com
CLOSE
Winnie the Pooh Cast
LUCY CHAMBERS (Roo) is thrilled to be back on the Theatre Arlington stage! She made her debut as Susan Walker in Miracle on 34th Street last Christmas, and she most recently loved being Lucille in Junie B. Jones the Musical Jr. Lucy lives in Pantego with her family, and is currently a seventh-grade student at Grace Prep. In her spare time, Lucy enjoys reading, tumbling, playing soccer, singing and spending time with her friends. Lucy wants to thank Mr. Morris and Mr. Powers for this fun opportunity, and her parents and five siblings for all of their support. Jeremiah 29:11
ROBBIE CLARK (Eeyore) is excited to make his return to the Theatre Arlington stage, and he’s even more thrilled to be playing one of his favorite literary characters from childhood. He hopes you enjoy the show.
WHITNEY BLAKE DEAN (Kanga) is so excited to be a part of her first children’s show! Locally she has been seen in A Miracle on 34th Street and Dead Man’s Cell Phone here at Theatre Arlington and the World Premier of Matt Lyle’s A 3D Adventure at Circle Theatre. She received her BFA in Acting from Texas State University, which allowed her to perform in the Austin Area as well.  She has acted in everything from Experimental Theatre – as one of the founding members of Theatre Synesthesia (Austin, Texas) under the direction of the late and unfathomably artistic, Jeremy O. Torres – to Shakespeare, and everything in between. She found a love of collaborating with unproduced/new plays after working with Eugene Lee’s Black and Latino Playwriting Conference 3 years in a row, and continued that admiration by casting, acting, and helping produce staged readings of MFA Playwrights at TxSt, under the leadership of Jim Price. Whitney spent a few years in LA doing theatre, but ultimately moved back to Texas to start a family. So much love to Josh, Grayson, and fur-baby Rocky!
CINDY HONEYCUTT (Piglet) is happy to be back onstage after a 6-year break. She was last seen in TA’s “The Foreigner” as Catherine. Previous shows at Theatre Arlington include “Beau Jest”, “Do Black Patent Leather Shoes Really Reflect Up” and “The Heiress”. Cindy holds a BA in Theatre Arts with an emphasis in Acting from St. Edwards University and is a teaching artist specializing in acting, musical theatre and creative dramatics. Cindy has been seen in theatres all over the metroplex and Austin in her over 40 years as a performer, starting as a child actor at Casa Manana and ending with professional credits at Circle Theatre, Stage West, Casa Manana, Austin’s Gilbert and Sullivan Society, Zachary Scott Theatre, Thin Dime Theatre Company, and Hip Pocket Theatre. She has also been seen in schools, civic auditoriums and museums all over Texas while performing with touring companies based at Zachary Scott Theatre in Austin, Fort Worth’s Shakespeare in the Park, Stage West, and CATS. Her film and television credits include Fox Kids Club in the Austin market, feature film Dust to Dust with Willie Nelson, independent films Blood is Thicker and The Entrepreneur, and commercials for TCJC, Lil’ Things, Lowe’s and Westinghouse Security Systems. Cindy is the proud wife of Rodney, mom to Nate, and lover of all animals, especially the ones in her own house.
REMA MARTINEZ (Mom) is pleased to share the stage with some of her favorite childhood characters following her role as a Voice of Sonia Walsk in Theatre Arlington’s production of They’re Playing Our Song. TA audiences have also seen her as Vi Moore in Footloose, Maudie Atkinson in To Kill A Mockingbird, and General Cartwright in Guys and Dolls. Other DFW roles include Alma Hix (The Music Man) and Rose Lennox (The Secret Garden) with Stolen Shakespeare Guild and the ensemble of Kiss Me, Kate at MainStage Irving-Las Colinas. Rema is married to Alvaro and is the mom of her own 2 Christopher Robins- Alec and Evan.
MICHAEL McCRARY (Christopher Robin) This is Michael’s third show at Theatre Arlington, and he is so happy to get to continue working with such great people. Michael would like to thank his friends and family for their endless support as well as theatre Arlington for the opportunity to play such an iconic character.
STEVEN D. MORRIS (Winnie the Pooh) is always happy to be onstage at Theatre Arlington and is delighted to be performing this show with his friends.  Steve loves the simplicity of the message of this show – love one another and value your friendships.  Please teach your children to be kind. They learn best from your example. Thanks to my Mom and Dwain, friends and Unity of Arlington for helping me to be a better person. A reminder for everyone – Be like Pooh: kind, humble, and full of sweet stuff.
SARA RAGSDALE (Owl) graduated with a BS in Theatre from A&M Commerce. Some favorite roles include “Delilah” in Lucifer Descending, “Sidney Lipton” in God’s Favorite, “Romaine” in The Laramie Project, “Lottie” in Enchanted April, and “Jean Louise” in To Kill a Mockingbird. You can hear Sara’s VO work at FUNimation.com and find upcoming work on Twitter @Ragsdalesara . “I wish to thank my Boyfriend Brian, and my Roommate Sam, you guys keep me afloat. And lastly I want to thank my fur babies Frodo, Sammy, Duncan, Shelby, Monkey, Steve and Google.”
TYLER THOMPSON (Rabbit) was last seen on the Theatre Arlington stage as Shellhammer in Miracle on 34th Street. She is a graduate of The University of Oklahoma where she received a BFA in drama. She had the amazing opportunity of spending her final semester of college in Chicago after being accepted into The Second City’s Comedy Studies program. She is a graduate of The Second City of Chicago’s Conservatory Program as well as The iO Theater Improv Program where she performed with the Harold Team Interrobang. Tyler has studied clowning under Paola Coletto, performed at Chicago Sketchfest, Donny’s Skybox at The     Second City, The Women’s Funny Festival, and The Del Close Marathon. She is a graduate of the Four Day Weekend Training Center where she performs and teaches improv classes. Tyler also enjoys teaching acting classes and private lessons at Theatre Arlington. Tyler is represented by Grit Talent Agency.
MAGGIE YOUNKIN (Tigger) is thrilled to return to the Theatre Arlington stage. She was most recently seen performing with TA’s touring company Show in a Box. Along with performing onstage, she is actively involved in TA’s education program. When not at the theatre, she loves helping people better themselves through Camp Gladiator. Maggie would like to thank her supportive family and her favorite child; you know who you are! Maggie is thrilled you are here and hopes you’re ready to JUMP into an amazing adventure!
CLOSE
The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas Crew
STEVEN D. MORRIS (Director) started performing with Theatre Arlington in 1981 and has done over 60 shows here as an actor, director and writer. Steve is thrilled to be the Executive Producer at Theatre Arlington and working with such a great staff and Board of Directors. When Mr. Morris retired after 27 years of being the Director of Theatre at Lamar High School the school’s auditorium was named for him. Steve is very active with his church Unity of Arlington. Steve is blessed by great love in his life from his family, friends and his canine companions Elvis and Reba. Be sure to follow Steve on Twitter, although he rarely posts and is not that interesting.
MARK DENNIS MILLER (Music Director/Keyboards) is delighted to return to Theatre Arlington for this production of The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas after having recently closed his third world premiere musical, Broadway or Bust for Pegasus Theatre. Mr. Miller served as Associate Music Director on Pegasus’ world premiere production of The Cuban and the Redhead and was MD for Oklahoma City Rep/Tulsa Performing Arts joint production of the world premiere musical, Pryor Rendering. Local: Theatre Three, ICT, Jubilee Theatre, Circle Theatre, Dallas Repertory Theatre, Dallas Summer Musicals, Dallas Theatre Center, Lyric Stage and Theatre Arlington. Regional: Maine State Music Theatre, Lyric Theatre of Oklahoma, Arkansas Rep., Oklahoma Repertory and Tulsa Performing Arts. Mr. Miller is currently a Collaborative Pianist and Vocal Coach for Texas Christian University, Weatherford College and Chisholm Trail High School. He also serves as organist for Meadowbrook UMC in East Fort Worth.
LORI WOODS BLONDIN (Choreographer) is thrilled to collaborate with Steve Morris on choreography for this production. She was last seen on the Theatre Arlington stage as Sonia Walsk in They’re Playing our Song in addition to Paulette in Legally Blonde and Adelaide in Guys and Dolls. She has been the head of the dance program and Lamar High School in Arlington for twenty years after growing up dancing at Miss Persis Studio of Dance and Dance Theatre of Arlington where she began her teaching career at the age of fifteen. As a choreographer she has worked with many local high school programs, dance studios and companies and Dallas Summer Musicals School of Musical Theatre as well as a resident choreographer for Eclipse Entertainment LLC where she wrote, cast and directed numerous industrial shows across the United States. She has an Associate Degree in Musical Theatre from Mountain View College and a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Theatre from Texas Wesleyan University. Upon graduation she began her life upon the stage at Casa Manana, Bass Hall, Circle Theatre, Theatre Three and Fair Park Music Hall to name a few. Some of her favorite roles include Charity in Sweet Charity, Bebe in A Chorus Line, Velma in Chicago and Louise in Best Little Whorehouse in Texas. Love to Jayson, Mom, Dad and my amazing ViQueens who allow me to share my love of performing with them every day.
REBECCA RICKEY (Stage Manager) is grateful to be back at Theatre Arlington where she was recently Stage Manager for 9 to 5: The Musical, A Few Good Men and Blithe Spirit (Stony Award for Stage Management). Becky received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Theatre from Oklahoma City University and worked two seasons on the technical staff at Oklahoma’s Lyric Theatre. Retired from the “corporate world,” Becky has much more free time to live the dreams life has to offer such as doing community service, theatrical productions and traveling with Dian, her beloved partner in life. Becky wants to thank Steven D. Morris and Theatre Arlington for the opportunity to contribute to this production. And oh; let’s all be kind to one another. It will change the world.
KEVIN BROWN (Set Designer) is extremely grateful to Steven and the entire Theatre Arlington (TA) Family. His previous shows at TA have been Blithe Spirit (Stony Award), Footloose (Stony Award), A Few Good Men, They’re Playing Our Song and Brighton Beach Memoirs. Kevin is an award-winning set designer and interior designer who owns Studio Brown Designs. His work includes, but is not limited to, Residential, Commercial, Multi-family Housing, Remodel Consultation, Merchandizing, Holiday Décor and Theatrical Set Design and Dressing. His work has been on various stages across the DFW area. Uptown Players, Stage West, OnStage in Bedford, MainStage Irving, Runway Theatre and Firehouse Theatre to name a few. Kevin’s favorite shows have been The Nance, It’s Only a Play, The Tribute Artist, Disaster the Musical, The View Upstairs, Cabaret (Column Award), Spring Awakening (Column Award), Xanadu, Who’s Afraid of Virginia Woolf, Peter and the Starcatcher (Column Award), Seussical (Column Award) and Billy Elliot (Best Set Design Broadway World). Kevin is excited to team up with his friend Angie (his partner in crime). www.facebook.com/StudioBrownDesigns
BRYAN STEVENSON (Lighting Designer) holds a B.F.A. in Theatre from Texas Wesleyan University and an M.F.A. in Design from the University of Arkansas, Fayetteville. He has designed at many local theatre companies including Fort Worth Shakespeare in the Park, Stage West, Jubilee and Circle. Nationally Bryan designs for the Boy Scouts of America National Conferences and Shows. Bryan is an active participant in the United Institute of Theatre Technology, where he has served on panels on lighting and scenic design. He is also a member Stagehands Union, IATSE local 126.
BILL EICKENLOFF (Sound Designer) is an adjunct professor and the resident Sound Designer at TCU’s Theatre Department in Fort Worth, as well as the resident Sound Designer for Theatre Arlington. He also works for Casa Mañana, Lyric Stage, Mainstage Irving Las Colinas, Brick Road Theatre, Wishing Star Productions, Prism Theatrics and the Trinity Shakespeare Festival. He is a proud graduate of Texas A&M University. See his complete bio at www.linkedin.com.
KAREN POTTER (Costume Designer) is a designer for theatre, opera, film and television. Karen’s work has been seen in various theatres and film festivals across the country. She currently works as an Assistant Professor for Texas Wesleyan University. She worked for the California Institute of the Arts as a Costume Shop Manager and Adjunct Faculty. She lives with her two children and husband in Fort Worth, Texas and works throughout the country and in the Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex.
ROBIN DOTSON (Properties Designer) is the proud mother of recent high school graduate Sydney, who discovered the wonderful world of theater through Theatre Arlington ten years ago and is now off to college to major in musical theater! An elementary teacher by day, Robin has worked on props for many T.A. youth shows, as well as Calendar Girls, Legally Blonde, Footloose, 9 to 5, A Few Good Men and They’re Playing Our Song at Theatre Arlington the past few seasons. Enjoy the show!
ANGIE GLOVER (Scenic Artist) began her scenic painting career at Theatre Arlington in 2017 with the show Shrek The Musical Jr. Since then, Angie has continued working as Scenic Artist at many theatre venues around the Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex. Past artistic endeavors include fabricating Styrofoam sculptures for The Gaylord Texan, Lone Star Parade Floats, Six Flags and scenic elements for the Fort Worth Opera. When not at the theatre, Angie can usually be found up to her elbows in any number of artistic projects. As a starving-ish artist, Angie is always available for hire. Angieglover.carbonmade.comSept.
CLOSE
Tyler Thompson
Tyler Thompson is a graduate of The University of Oklahoma where she received a BFA in drama. She had the amazing opportunity of spending her final semester of college in Chicago after being accepted into The Second City’s Comedy Studies program. She is a graduate of The Second City of Chicago’s Conservatory Program as well as The iO Theater Improv Program where she performed with the Harold Team Interrobang. Tyler has studied clowning under Paola Coletto, performed at Chicago Sketchfest, Donny’s Skybox at The Second City, The Women’s Funny Festival, and The Del Close Marathon. Tyler is also a graduate of the Four Day Weekend Training Center where she enjoys teaching improv classes, coaching, and performing. Tyler is represented by Grit Talent Agency.
CLOSE
COMING
SOON!
CLOSE
The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas Cast
A. SOLOMON ABAH JR. (C.J. Scruggs) is in the witness protection program and wishes to stay anonymous nor answer any questions even though he’s performed in the DFW area.
AMY AREVALO (Beatrice) is thrilled to be making her Theatre Arlington debut! She is a recent graduate of Hardin-Simmons University where she received her BFA in Musical Theatre. Some of her past credits include West Side Story (Maria), Little Women (Amy March), The Amish Project (America) and Anything Goes (Erma). A special thank you to my amazing family! Enjoy the show!
ALY BADALAMENTI (Angel) is elated to be back at Theatre Arlington. Her previous credits include
Footloose and 9 to 5 The Musical. A graduate from Loyola University Chicago, she originally hails
from her hometown of Portage, Michigan, where she has been performing since age nine. Some of her
favorite stage credits include Laurey in Oklahoma!, Yonah in Children of Eden, Amber Von Tussle
in Hairspray, Kate Monster in Avenue Q, and Ilse in Spring Awakening. Thanks to her mom, d
it, and Paul for their love and support. Especially Kait for the Dolly Parton wig.
HANNAH BELL (Ruby Rae) Hannah is positively giddy to be back performing in DFW after a 7 year
absence that took her on great adventures overseas. She was last seen in See How They Run at
Circle Theatre prior to relocating to Germany, where she had the privilege of joining many
productions, the highlight of which was playing Igor in Young Frankenstein. After a two year stint
in Chongqin s an instructor and performer, she is back home, and couldn’t be
happier.
KEN’JA L BROWN (Jewel) is ecstatic to be making her first appearance with Theatre Arlington. She has had the pleasure of appearing on several stages across the DFW area, best known for her musical talents at the Bishop Arts Theatre Center (BATC). She has won the Irma P. Hall Featured Actress award for the 2016 production of Black Nativity. Ken’ja also appeared as ‘Mama Nadi’ in Lynn Nottage’s Ruined, which won the Irma P. Hall award for best play of 2016. She is a native of Chicago who has made Texas her home. Although she does enjoy her traditional employment, being on the stage is where her heart fills with extreme joy. “I thank God, my Mom (R.I.H.), my boys and my partner for their love and support that has gotten me to this point and beyond.
TREY CARDONA (Aggie #77) is delighted to be making his Theatre Arlington debut. Cardona has a Bachelor of Arts from Texas Wesleyan University. Some of Cardona’s favorite roles include Bobby Strong (Urinetown), Henry (Next to Normal), Chip Tolentino (25th Annual Putnam County Spelling Bee), Favorite Son (American Idiot!) and Tom (Table Manners). He has been in many DFW theater productions ranging from Lyric Stage, GPAC, Stolen Shakespeare, Runway Theatre, Ohlook! and MPM Studio Theater. Cardona would like to thank his parents, siblings, and Mariah for the love and support.
CHRISTINE CHAMBERS (Dogette) is happy to be amongst so many friends and colleagues in this production of The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas! In the past, she has been in 9 other musicals at TA, the most recent being The Magical City of Oz as Aunt Em. Some favorite roles and shows she has performed in are Annie in Annie Get Your Gun, Maria in West Side Story, Fiona in Brigadoon, Widow Corney in Oliver and Eva Peron in Evita (National Tour). She has been teaching private voice and coaching performance for almost 30 years. She has a Vocal studio in South Arlington. She also teaches Theatre Voice at Texas Wesleyan University. She would like to thank friends and family for their constant love and support of her Theatre Needs!!!
CALLIE CUNNINGHAM (Durla) is grateful to be back on the TA stage! Previous Theatre Arlington credits include They’re Playing Our Song, Guys and Dolls, Hello, Dolly!, etc. She was most recently seen in Stolen Shakespeare Guild’s production of Anything Goes, where she also performed in the 2019 Shakespeare festival and White Christmas. Callie is an actual Aggie (Class of 2013-whoop!) and a speech pathologist in real life. She also teaches dance at Miss Persis Studio and sends her love to the Persii and the most supportive parents a girl could ask for.
Romans 8:38-39.
MICAH GREEN (Melvin P. Thorpe) hopes you are having as much fun watching this show as he is performing it! If you want to learn anything about him, feel free to say “Hi” afterwards!
MICHAEL GREEN (Senator Wingwoah) is thrilled to be making his Theatre Arlington debut with the amazing cast of BLWIT. Past roles include Perchik in Fiddler on the Roof (WCT), Asher/brother in Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat (WCT) and The Wedding Singer with Stolen Shakespeare Guild. Many thanks to the cast, crew, directors of the show and to all of his friends and family for their love and support!! Michael is a proud member of the Texas A&M Class of 2010. Yee-haw!
MARY GILBREATH GRIM (Miss Mona) is very excited to be back at Theatre Arlington. She was last seen at TA as Violet in 9 to 5 The Musical. She has performed professionally in over 60 musical productions in the DFW area including venues such as Bass Hall, Stage West, Circle Theatre, Irving Arts Center, Dallas Children’s Theatre, Casa Manana, and WaterTower Theatre. Some favorite roles include Mother in Ragtime with Lyric Stage, the Baker’s Wife in Into the Woods with Lyric Stage and Ella in Bells are Ringing with MainStage Irving. Mary has her degree in vocal performance from Texas Wesleyan University and is a theatre teacher in Fort Worth.
ERIC HELSEL (Mayor Rufus Poindexter) is thrilled to be back for a second season with Theatre Arlington. He appeared in Miracle on 34th Street and A Few Good Men last season.
Eric enjoys being a father to his two children and would like to thank his wife, J’vette for her support and introducing him to the theater. He is a graduate of UT Arlington with a BA in International Business. He would like to thank Steven Morris for the opportunity to be part of this production.
DANIEL HERNANDEZ (Governor) is thrilled to be performing again at Theatre Arlington. He was most recently seen on the TA stage as one of the voices of Vernon Gersch in They’re Playing Our Song, as Drunken Santa/Mr. Macy in Miracle on 34th Street, the Cowardly Lion in The Magical City of Oz and as Dwayne in 9 to 5 The Musical and was also featured as Riff Raff in Brookhaven’s production of Rocky Horror in the summer of 2017. He has appeared in Texas Wesleyan University Opera Workshop productions of Cosi fan Tutte as Ferrando and Manon as Le Chevalier des Grieux. Daniel was the assistant musical director for Nolan Catholic Theater productions of Shrek the Musical and The Addams Family. He has taught elementary music throughout Fort Worth, works as a Lead Drama Instructor for C.A.S.T. in Coppell, and received his B.A. in Vocal Performance from Texas Wesleyan University.
LAYNE HILL (Aggie #71) is ecstatic to be a part of his first Theatre Arlington show! He was last seen as Amos on the Martin Theatre stage. He would like to thank Director Steven D. Morris for this wonderful opportunity! Good show everyone!
BRIA HUCKABY (Eloise) is thrilled to make her Theatre Arlington debut with this fun comedic show. She’s a recent graduate from Texas Wesleyan University with a BA in Theatre. At Wesleyan her credits include The Hostage (Meg Dillion), Oklahoma: The Musical (Gertie), The Important Hats of the 20th Century (Bev) and Blithe Spirit (Mrs. Bradman). Some of her technical credits include Tartuffe (Properties Designer), Spring Awakening (Set Crew), Urinetown: The Musical (Asst. Properties Designer), VSMS (Hair & Make-up), Stop Kiss (Wardrobe Crew) and When the Rain Stops Falls (Box Office Staff). She also starred in Neil Simon’s Female Odd Couple (Vera) at the MPM Studio Theatre and Kentucky (Bridesmaid) at the Imprint Theatre. Come on down to the Chicken Ranch, ain’t nothing dirty going on.
NANCY LAMB (Wulla Jean / Dogette) keeps busy on stages around the Dallas/Ft. Worth area, including Stolen Shakespeare Guild, Theatre Frisco, Tarrant Actor’s Regional Theatre, Rover Dramawerks, Theatre Britain, Lily and Joan and Casa Mañana. Favorite roles include Betty/The Foreigner; Mag/Beauty Queen of Lenane; Dolly/Hello Dolly; Halie/Buried Child; Nanny/Hollywood Arms; Shylock/Merchant of Venice. Her previous TA roles were Carrie/Whodunnit, The Musical and Mrs. Clark and pianist/Best Christmas Pageant Ever.
DONOVAN MARIE LAWSON (Shy) was last seen on the TA stage as Dorothy in The Magical City of Oz! Donovan grew up on the TA stage as a youth in various shows and continues to love performing on this stage as an adult. Donovan is a graduate of Oklahoma City University where she received her Bachelor of Fine Arts in Theatre for Young Audiences with a Directing minor. She started performing at a young age at Miss Persis Studio and around DFW. Favorite credits: Rusty (Footloose), Kathy (9 to 5, The Musical), Reno (Anything Goes), Godspell and Beauty and the Beast. Special thank you to Morris, Mark and Lori for this opportunity and thank you to my family, Tevin, and work family for all the support!
MICHAEL MCCRARY (Aggie #17) This is Michael’s second show at Theatre Arlington, and he is super thankful for the cast and crew as well as the cast and crew of Brighton Beach Memoirs for making his experience at this theatre a great one.
ALEXANDRA KOENEKE NEARY (Taddy Jo / Imogene Charlene / Dance Captain) is excited to be returning for her third show with Theatre Arlington! She was previously seen here in 9 to 5 The Musical (Candy Striper, Dance Captain) and Footloose (Ensemble). Other previous shows include Tony N’ Tina’s Wedding (Donna – ACT), Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street (Ensemble – GPAC), Beverly Hillbillies (Elly May – Upstage Theatre) and Blood Wedding (Wife – Birdville). She’d like to thank her closest family and friends who support and love her unconditionally; they mean the world to her!
BOB REED* (Sheriff Ed Earl Dodd) is thrilled to be making his Theatre Arlington debut as Sheriff Ed Earl Dodd and equally honored to be the first Equity actor to work under Theatre Arlington’s new “Small Professional Theater” contract. He appeared recently as Wilbur in the highly acclaimed run of Hairspray at the Winspear Opera House in Dallas. Some of his musical roles include: Frank in Showboat, Sonny in Grease, Will Parker in Oklahoma and Jeff Douglas in Brigadoon. Other featured roles include Andrew in I Hate Hamlet, Ken in Rumors, Charlie in On Golden Pond, Drucilla in Cinderella and Luther Billis in South Pacific with Tony Award winner Sutton Foster. More recently he was seen as William Fox in Fetch Clay Make Man, Detective Jim Leavell in Oswald: The Actual Interrogation and as Alan in God of Carnage.
GEORGE SEPULVEDA III (Doctor) is excited to be back on stage at Theatre Arlington after appearing in Footloose, Hello, Dolly!, Irving Berlin’s White Christmas and Guys and Dolls. He has also performed various roles with theatres in Mansfield and Plano, Texas. He has directed many musicals, and helped with the musical direction of many more. Most of his time and energy is spent on his day jobteaching music at Atherton Elementary in Arlington ISD, and he is also the Co-Director of Arlington’s elementary honor choir, the Arlington Children’s Chorus. He received his Bachelor of Music Education from Baylor University.
ALFREDO TAMAYO (Aggie #21 / Dogette) is a recent graduate from Texas Wesleyan University. This will be his Theatre Arlington debut! He wants to thank Steve for this wonderful opportunity and his friends and family for their continued support! Good show!
KYLIE REYNOLDS THORNTON (Dawn) is thrilled to be returning to the Theatre Arlington stage after a long hiatus. Favorite previous roles include Little Sally in Urinetown, Olivia in Twelfth Night (both at Trinity University) and Kenni in Becky’s New Car (Theatre Arlington). When not performing, Kylie is a Production Scheduler at Alcon and enjoys watching movies with her husband and dog. She is also proud to serve on the Theatre Arlington Board of Directors. Many thanks to Steve, Mark and Lori for this opportunity! Love to my family, Cole and ZoZo.
PATRICE TILLEY (Doatsey Mae) is excited to return to the Theatre Arlington stage after quite a hiatus. If you’ve been around long enough, you may remember her as Prudie in Theatre Arlington’s production of Pump Boys and Dinettes – both at the “old” theatre and when it opened the very first season of Theatre Arlington at this location. Some of her other Theatre Arlington productions have included Quilters, The Women, You’re a Good Man Charlie Brown and Broadway Bound. Patrice earned her M.F.A. in Acting and Directing from the University of Southern Mississippi and has performed nationally and internationally in musical theatre companies. Patrice is proud to have toured with Armed Forces Professional Entertainment serving our troops in the Multi-National Peace Keeping Forces in the Middle East and our service men and women throughout Germany. She is married to Mark Tilley and a member of the First United Methodist Church of Irving Chancel Choir, which will be performing at Carnegie Hall in New York this coming November!
TYRELL WASHINGTON (Aggie #11) is an up-and-coming actor and it’s been an amazing experience. He appreciates everyone who has helped him through this journey. After having some difficulties, he decided to give track and field and football a break to figure out what was physically and mentally best for him. The fine arts have always been his first love and he is happy to express it in this show.
MOISES ABRAN ZAMORA (Aggie / Ensemble) This marks Moises’ second appearance at Theatre Arlington since Hello, Dolly! (2015), and he is beyond thrilled to be back with such a great cast and crew! Previous credits include Linville/Ensemble in Damn Yankees (TART), Cardigan in Sleigh Hard with a Vengeance (Camp Death), Santiago in A Few Good Men (Granbury), Sánchez/Mac in Peter and the Starcatcher (Onstage) and Robertson Aye in Mary Poppins (Rockwall). Other credits include South Pacific, Meet Me in St. Louis and Mary Poppins (Granbury), Peter Pan (Rockwall) and Songs for a New World (NTPA Repertory Theatre). His training background comes from The American Musical and Dramatic Academy of New York City (Integrated/Conservatory Program). Many thanks to his family, friends and mentors! @moi_zamoraCooper
CLOSE
Nik Blocker
A native South Carolinian, Nik Blocker is an Actor, Choreographer, and Theatre Artist living in Arlington, Texas. He received his training in Mass Communications, Theatre, and Dance. Nik has competed in local and state-level competitions in Play-writing, Prose Interpretation, Costume Design, and Acting, and was twice nominated to compete in the National Irene Ryan Scholarship Competition. He’s also competed on State and World level in Marching Band and Winter Guard. His choreography has been seen in both states, and most recently at Runway Theater for The Addams Family. As an actor, his recent performances include Peter and The Starcatcher as Mrs. Bumbrake (Onstage In Bedford), Quanah as Ensemble (Lyric Stage) and Crooks in Of Mice and Men (The Firehouse Theatre). Nik has also taught workshops in Acting and Dance to local and international students and hopes to continue to spread the love of the arts!
CLOSE
Monica Dane
Monica Dane, M.A.-  Monica received her Bachelor of Music with a concentrate in Musical Theatre from The University of Texas at Arlington and her Master of Arts in Vocal Pedagogy from Texas Woman’s University while studying under Master Pedagogue, now retired Voice Professor (TWU) and former lead performer for the Metropolitan Opera, Joan Wall.  Monica enjoys singing many genres of music from Broadway, Pop, Blues, Classical, Gospel and Praise and Worship. Some of her favorite Opera roles with The Regal Opera Company that span over 20 years include Lady Angela in Gilbert & Sullivan’s Patience, Little Red Riding Hood from the children’s opera, Little Red Riding Hood by Barab, Jenny in Down in the Valley, Monica in The Medium, Yum-Yum in The Mikado, Giannetta in The Elixir of Love, Annina in La Traviata, Sally in Die Fledermaus, First Lady in The Magic Flute and First Friend in The Ballad of Baby Doe. She has also performed with The Promise in Glenrose, TX as a feature soloist playing The Woman at the Well.  Monica has had the wonderful opportunity to be an “off-stage singer” in Peter Pan with Cathy Rigby at Bass Hall.  She has previously performed live on TV for various Trinity Broadcasting Network (TBN) programs. During the Summer, you can find her at Theatre Arlington musical directing the Summer Theatre Camps for ages 3-16. During the holiday season, you can find her dressed in Victorian attire and performing caroling gigs throughout the DFW Metroplex with Holiday Cheer Entertainment. She also just recently (July 2019) sang the National Anthem at the Ballpark in Arlington with the Regal Opera Chorale. Ms. Dane has taught voice and musical theatre for over 25 years and currently teaches voice at Heritage Middle School, Southlake-Carroll Senior High School and Theatre Arlington. She has previously taught voice at Casa Manana, Lifesong, The Master’s Touch School of Music, Creative Arts Theatre & School, Faith Christian School, L.D. Bell High School, Grapevine High School, Colleyville Middle School and North Richland Middle School. Many of her students have been successful under her instruction including Grammy nominated and 9-time Dove Award nominated (4 of which she won) Singer, Songwriter and Worship Leader, Kari Jobe. Ms. Dane is a current member of TMEA and a former member of NATS and served as Secretary for the DFW NATS Chapter, and a former member of the Regal Opera Board of Directors.  Monica has three children, Jake (19 years), Meredith (17 years) and Audra (13 years) a dog, Katie and Max, their cat without a tail.
CLOSE
Daniel Hernandez
Daniel Hernandez is a graduate of Texas Wesleyan University where he received his BA in vocal performance studying under Julie McCoy. He taught elementary music for a number of years and worked as the musical director at Nolan Catholic High School. Daniel has found a home at Theatre Arlington working on 5 of 9 shows for the 2018-2019 season, including music directing the Youth Musical, Junie B Jones The Musical Jr. He is excited to be teaching Musical Theatre and private lessons at Theatre Arlington. When not working or in a show, Daniel enjoys spending time with his two nieces Ysabel and Adrianna.
CLOSE
Maggie Younkin
Maggie Younkin has been teaching at Theatre Arlington since 2005, when she joined the summer camp staff and began our Outreach program, ACT UPS, at Thornton Elementary. Maggie is an accomplished performer, having worked on the Theatre Arlington stage in many productions as well as on stages in Kansas City, where she is originally from. Maggie has two children, Brooklyn and Blaise, who keep her very busy. She is also busy during the day as Theatre Arlington’s Education Assistant.
CLOSE