https://thecpr.org.uk/cpr-online-bookshop-terms-and-conditions/
Purchasing and Refunds
Order Progress
You can enquire into the status of your order by e-mail to info@thecpr.org.uk or by telephone to (+44)      (0) 1970 358021. In some cases you will have also been given the details of how to track a delivery being made by courier online.
Order Cancellation
A customer may cancel an order between placing the order and up to 14 days after receipt of the goods. If the cancellation happens after the goods have been despatched then a refund will be made within 14 days of receipt of the goods back at CPR or 14 days within receiving proof of postage from the customer, if earlier. The cost of returning the goods to CPR will be the responsibility of the customer. Please advise us of your intention to cancel. Our email address is info@thecpr.org.uk and the office telephone number is 01970 358021.
Returning items
CPR unconditionally guarantees items* purchased through the CPR site. If you are not completely satisfied with your purchase, you may return it to us in its original condition within 30 days of receiving your delivery or collection notification email for a refund, without needing a specific cause, although the buyer is responsible for the cost of returning the goods. However if the return is due to an error that we or our service providers have made, or a damaged/faulty item, we will gladly refund both any original delivery charge and the cost of return postage.
*Exclusions to this are CDs or DVDs (including where they are included within a larger package), where the seals on the products have been broken. Your statutory rights still apply for all such items.
Specific reasons for returning goods:
Damage – If the item is damaged upon receipt or collection please advise CPR within 7 days. The time limit for return is still 30 days for your convenience.
Late Delivery – In the event of dispatched items being delayed or lost in the post we will offer to replace or refund:
21 days after despatch if the item was sent UK 2nd Class
10 days after despatch if the item was sent UK 1st class
30 days after despatch if the item was sent Western Europe Airmail
30 days after despatch if the item was sent USA/Canada Airmail
35 days after despatch if the item was sent Rest of the World Airmail
Courier services will only be refunded or replaced if the tracking details show that the goods have not been signed for at the correct address. If the goods are delayed through customs or issues with the receiver of the goods CPR will not refund or replace. Should delays occur in the delivery that are caused by the courier a discretionary refund to reflect the level of service may be provided.
If items are returned to CPR because the address details given at the time of purchase were not correct or were incomplete, or an item was not collected from a local sorting office after being taken there by the Royal Mail after an unsuccessful delivery attempt, a second postage charge will be made to resend the item. Costs will be kept to a minimum by reusing the same packaging.
Returns Procedure
All returns should be securely wrapped and sent to the following address:
CPR
6 Science Park, Cefn Llan
Aberystwyth SY23 3AH
Please contact CPR before returning your book so that we know to expect your return.
Responsibility for Local Taxes and Duties
The UK sales tax of Value Added Tax (VAT) is not payable on books, but is applied at 20% to DVDs, videos, software and other non-book material.
VAT is only charged on deliveries within the European Union. There is no tax chargeable to customers outside the European Union.
When we ship books for delivery outside the United Kingdom, the recipient is liable for any local taxes or import duties that may be payable. CPR can take no responsibility for this and if the goods are returned due to unpaid tax the costs will not be refunded as the sale has been completed. The goods can be re-despatched with a further postage charge at the customer’s request.
Security of Credit Card Payment Options
The CPR site uses encryption and secure (SSL) servers to help ensure the privacy of any personal information that you provide.
CPR does not collect financial information: a Paypal option is provided for the use of credit/debit cards and CPR’s bank details are provided for customers who wish to transfer payments directly from their bank account. Items are despatched when the payment has cleared in the CPR account. A cheque payment can be sent (to the same address as the returns’ address above).
The security of information and payments transmitted via the Internet cannot be guaranteed. Any losses incurred or sustained by users who transmit information by means of e-mail or other internet link shall be borne solely and exclusively by such user and in no event shall any such losses in whole or part by borne by CPR.
Privacy Policy
Excerpts from the CPR Privacy Policy as applied directly to bookshop customers. The full policy can be read at http://thecpr.org.uk/cpr-privacy-policy/
Introduction
CPR is committed to best practice in the handling of personal and sensitive data and careful compliance with requirements of GDPR (General Data Protection Regulations), which comes into force on 25 May 2018.
We take your privacy seriously and will only use your personal information to administer your transactions with us (online and offline) and to provide information about the events, resources and services you have requested. All data is collected and is currently processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act (1998) and GDPR.
Our priority is to avoid causing harm to individuals by:
Keeping all information securely
Holding accurate information only as long as we need it.
We aim to be open and transparent in the way we use personal data to give individuals as much choice as possible, within reason, over what data is held and how it is used.
The personal data that we process and store for Bookshop customers is:
Name, address, email and telephone number.
We store these details in our secure website data management system. This system is also accessible by our web developers for the purposes of updating the website to ensure continued security and for repair and redesign. Information about their system and privacy policy can be found at www.scl.co.uk. We also print off orders and store them in paper files in our office.
How we dispose of data
We keep your personal information only for as long as is reasonably necessary for the purpose for which it was given. Customer information remains on file until accounts are prepared for the financial year in which the transaction took place. Bookshop records are then destroyed.
Personal data breaches
A personal data breach means a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure of, or access to, personal data. A breach could be accidental and deliberate.
CPR holds a small amount of personal information on individuals that should not cause harm to an individual should it be compromised. However, CPR will take any breach seriously and inform individuals if their information has been compromised and outline how it may affect them.
Third Parties
CPR does not share the information it collects on individuals with any Third Parties.
As mentioned above, whilst not actively shared, the contact details of customers (but no financial information) who have purchased items in the CPR online shop in our website data management system are accessible by our web developers, who need access for the purposes of repair and updating the website. CPR has worked with the same developers for many years and judges the risk that this will lead to information being compromised is extremely low. Information about the developers’ system and privacy policy can be found at www.scl.co.uk.
Subject Access Request Forms
Subject access request refers to the right that individuals have to see a copy of the information an organisation holds about them.
Anyone who wishes to know what information CPR holds about them should write to info@thecpr.org.uk with the email subject line “Subject Access Request”. In line with GDPR:
CPR will respond within 14 days of the date on which the request is received.
We can refuse or charge for requests that are manifestly unfounded or excessive.
If we refuse a request, we will explain to the individual why, without undue delay and at the latest, within one month, and that they have the right to complain to the supervisory authority and to a judicial remedy.
We will charge up to £10 to administer Subject Access Request Forms to cover any overheads such as staff time, printing and postage.
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that is downloaded on to ‘terminal equipment’ (like a computer or smartphone or other device) when you access a website. It allows the website to recognise that user’s device and store some information about the user’s preferences or past actions.
You can change your browser settings to remove, block or withdraw your consent for cookies at any time. But in some cases this may impact on your ability to use our website. Browsers recognise different types of cookies and allow you to treat them differentially, as desired. There are two main types of cookies, first and third party: First Party Cookies are those set by the website you are viewing. Third party cookies are set by other sites; for example if a video has been embedded from YouTube, YouTube may set a cookie of its own.
Cookies can also last for different durations. Session cookies last until you leave the site, others may last for days or months so the site can recognise you and your preferences on subsequent visits.
We use a small number of third party service providers on our websites, some of which may set cookies on your computer when you use the facility. Each provider has their own privacy policy:
Facebook
YouTube
Our IT systems are regularly monitored and updated by our web developers to ensure maximum security. Staff are trained to identify suspicious emails or attachments and must always use virus software.
We will need to verify your identity before the request will be considered and acted upon. We require level 2 identity proofing for any subject access requests – such as a passport and driving license as well as a utility bill.
For more information on right of access, please refer to the ICO website.
The Right to be Forgotten
Individuals have the right for their personal data to be erased; it is also known as ‘the right to be forgotten’. Individuals can make a request for erasure verbally or in writing. CPR will have one month to respond to a request. We will implement The Right To Be Forgotten if the data subject requests it and will provide evidence of deletion where possible.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok