https://thectp.ca/terms-and-conditions/
Terms, Conditions and Privacy Policy – Classical Theatre Project
HomeBookingsProgrammeOur StoryConservatory
HomeBookingsProgrammeOur StoryConservatory
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
1. VENUE INFORMATION
Please consult your invoice to determine the address of the venue for your selected performance.
2. ORDERING TICKETS
A fifty (50) percent non-refundable deposit is required to hold your booking. Once you receive your invoice, the deposit is due within fifteen (15) days. If your deposit payment is not received within seventeen (17) days, your tickets will be automatically released for sale. The Classical Theatre Project reserves the right to cancel any booking for which a deposit has not been received but will make every effort to contact the teacher before proceeding with an order cancellation.All ticket prices are subject to processing fees and HST.The balance of payment is required at least thirty (30) days prior to the performance date. If the final balance payment is not received by twenty eight (28) days prior to the performance date, all tickets will be released for sale.
3. ADJUSTING YOUR BOOKING
Customers may decrease the number of tickets in their booking up to 30 days prior to the performance date. Any tickets cancelled after this deadline will not be refunded.Cancellations of an entire order will forfeit the initial non-refundable deposit payment. Any cancellations made less than thirty (30) days prior to the performance will forfeit the full value of all tickets ordered.Changes can only be made by the teacher who initiated the booking or by any individual specified by that teacher at the time of booking. Requests for changes will only be processed over the phone with a box office attendant and will not be accepted via email, mail or fax.Performance dates and times are subject to change. In the event of a change, schools will be notified and given the option of choosing an alternate date or time, or receive a full refund or credit for a future production.
4. LAST-MINUTE BOOKINGS
For bookings made within 30 days of the performance, we require your final ticket numbers and a $150 non-refundable deposit within 48 hours of booking. No changes may be made to the booking after this point. Final payment must be received within 15 days of the invoice date, or by the date of the performance, whichever is earliest.
5. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
We accept VISA, MasterCard, money orders, and cheques. Payment will not be accepted at the door: it must be made in advance.Each teacher will receive an Information Package at the time of booking. This package contains everything you will need to plan your trip. (maps, schedule, bus parking, etc). Should you not receive this email at least one week prior to the booked performance / field trip, please contact the Box Office by telephone.Once your booking has been paid in full, you will be assigned a section of the theatre based on the size of your group. Group seating assignments will be delivered to the teacher one (1) week prior to the performance based on a first paid first assigned hierarchy.If a School group is unable to attend a performance due to a weather event that results in transportation cancellations or school closures, we will make every effort to exchange your tickets for an alternate performance, subject to availability. Refunds will only be made in the event of a cancellation of our performance due to weather.
PRIVACY POLICY
Classical Theatre Project and its licensed presenters and partners respect your right to privacy and we understand that users of any our websites need to be in control of their personal information. “Personal information” includes, but is not limited to, name, address, telephone number, e-mail address and credit card information. Classical Theatre Project does not sell, rent, or otherwise disclose any of this information. Classical Theatre Project adopted this Privacy Policy to inform users of www.thectp.ca on how the site collects, stores and uses personal information submitted by users.
1. Collection of Information
Certain applications on www.thectp.ca and its associated ticketing portals may require users to register or to provide personal information in order to make a commercial transaction (e.g. purchase tickets to a show), to enter a contest/promotion, or to subscribe to a newsletter. This information is collected on behalf of Classical Theatre Project and is shared with a limited number of authorized third parties to assist in creating a more personalized purchasing experience. Note that no financial information (e.g., credit card numbers) are shared, and all information is stored securely and in encrypted form.
3. Email Communication
As a service to our customers, show-related emails will be sent both in advance and after a performance they have purchased tickets to highlighting key information about the performance.
4. Online Transactions
An Email address is required when making a purchase online through www.thectp.ca in order to complete the transaction. Email addresses provided through this are used to send you a confirmation of your transaction, pre-show reminders, post show thank you emails and special offers/E-News emails. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time through the unsubscribe link found in these emails. Under Canada’s Anti-Spam legislation, individuals can be sent commercial electronic messages from an organization with whom they have an existing business relationship or who have expressly opted-in to receive communications. For more details on CASL, you can read the legislation in its full form at the Government of Canada’s website at http://laws-lois.justice.gc.ca/eng/acts/E-1.6/
5. Information to Third Parties/Contests and Promotions
Classical Theatre Project and its licensed presenters and partners may occasionally present a special contest or promotion on its websites or through a mailing list that is obtained through a partnership with another organization(s). To qualify for entry, you may be asked provide personal information (i.e. name, address, phone number and other demographic information).We strongly suggest you read any rules and regulations that are provided for contests and promotions provided through www.thectp.ca or through a mailing list, to determine how your information is to be used.
6. Financial information
Classical Theatre Project and its licensed presenters and partners will protect any personal financial information that you share with us. If you make a purchase on-line through www.thectp.ca, for which financial information is collected, your credit card number will only be used to process your payment and will not be used for any marketing purposes. For reasons of security, credit card information is not stored on any of our web servers. We will retain order information for our records, but this information is never shared with third parties. Any web page on our site(s) that requests credit card information is encrypted, using Secure Socket Layer technology for your protection.
7. Links
Our site includes links to other web sites whose privacy policies we don’t control. Once you leave our servers (you can check where you are by checking the URL in the location bar on your browser), use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting. That policy may differ from ours. If you can’t find the privacy policy of any of these sites via a link from the site’s homepage, you should contact the site directly for more information. Classical Theatre Project and its licensed presenters, are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
8. Cookies
TheCTP.ca and its ticketing agents use remarketing services (including, but not limited to AdRoll and Google AdWords) to advertise on third party websites to previous visitors of our site. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the given display networks. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to our websites. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and the privacy policies of the service providers.It is important to note that no personal identifying information is gathered or transmitted with this cookie.You can set preferences for how Google and AdRoll advertise to you using their respective Ad Preferences pages. You can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.
9. Photography, Filming and Recording
Photography, filming and / or recording of any of our events or performances, event spaces or any other activity hosted by Classical Theatre Project, may be made for archival and limited promotional usage.  No personal information is collected during photography, filming and recording of any Classical Theatre Project event or activity.  Entry to our event space constitutes consent to such photography, filming and/or recording in connection with the event hosted by Classical Theatre Project.
Be a part of this.
Terms, Conditions and Privacy Policy