http://thedramastudio.com/privacy
×
HomeAbout UsThe TeamDrama Studio InformationDrama Studio NewsDrama Studio Awards Ceremony 2017 Drama Studio Awards Ceremony 2016Drama Studio Awards Ceremony 2015Drama Studio Awards Ceremony 2014Drama Awards Ceremony 2013Drama Studio Awards Ceremony 2012Drama Awards Ceremony QuotesThe Days Never Know - Why Do Drama ?Drama Studio Student Fringe ReviewsDrama Studio ArticlesDrama Student FeedbackOne-To-One SessionsParent FeedbackPrivacy PolicyClassesVenues & TimesHoliday ClubPartiesConsultancy And TrainingCastingStoreYour AccountOver To You Teaching Previews FormChristmas For Schools 2020
Home
About Us
The Team
Drama Studio Information
Drama Studio News
Drama Studio Awards Ceremony 2017
Drama Studio Awards Ceremony 2016
Drama Studio Awards Ceremony 2015
Drama Studio Awards Ceremony 2014
Drama Awards Ceremony 2013
Drama Studio Awards Ceremony 2012
Drama Awards Ceremony Quotes
The Days Never Know - Why Do Drama ?
Drama Studio Student Fringe Reviews
Drama Studio Articles
Drama Student Feedback
One-To-One Sessions
Parent Feedback
Privacy Policy
Classes
Nursery & Early Primary
Junior
Senior and Teen
Registration Form
Venues & Times
Roseburn Primary School
Flora Stevenson's Primary School
Fairmilehead
Juniper Green
Nether Currie Primary School
Bruntsfield
Wardie
The Saturday Club-Liberton
Spring Term Show Dates And Times
Holiday Club
Spring Holiday Club 2020
Spring Registration Form
Summer Holiday Club 2020
Summer Registration Form
Parties
Children's Parties
Consultancy And Training
Run Your Own Drama School
Teacher Training In-Service Courses
Training and Opportunities For Teachers
Teacher's Promotions And New Lessons
School & Club Workshops
Teach WithThe Drama Studio
Costume Hire
Casting
Casting Services
Casting Opportunities
Store
Your Account
Over To You Teaching Previews Form
Christmas For Schools 2020
HomeAbout UsPrivacy Policy
Please click here for Drama Studio Class Information and Terms and Conditions.
Who we are
This is the website of The Drama Studio. We are committed to respecting and protecting your privacy. This privacy policy details what information we collect about you when using this website and how we use this information.
Types of data we collect
We collect information provided by you in order to communicate with you and/or to provide a service requested by you or your organisation. We only collect details which are required in order to deliver a service or to provide you with details about a service which we can provide.
Website enquiry and registration forms - personal details (such as your name, contact details and email address) which you provide when submitting an enquiry via our website are recorded used only to contact you in relation to a request you have made. We may also store information relevant to the class/event about which you are requiring such as your child's name, age, school and health conditions.
Class/material orders - we store information in relation to any orders which you might place on this website, either to book classes/events or to purchase materials from us. In this instance we store your name, address and contact details plus the items which you have requested (and any additional information specific to your order) however we do not store credit card or any other payment information.
User registrations - we store your name and email address if you register on our site in order to be able to track you through the site and let you place orders.
Why we process Personal Data (what is the 'purpose')
'Process' means we obtain, store, update and archive data.
We process data in relation to enquiries and registrations in order to allow us to communicate with you about your request and to adhere to proper Health and Safety and Child Protection guidelines.
We process data in relation to orders placed on the site in order to allow us to fulfill those orders and to properly address any issues which might arise from them.
We process data in relation to user registations in order to allow you to more easily place orders through our site and have them, and other activities, relate to you.
What is the Lawful Basis or processing Personal Data?
The lawful basis for processing this data is to fulfil our legal obligations, to carry out a requested service or necessary function or to allow us to respond to information requests.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. Our site uses various cookies including ones to track you through the site once you are logged in and ones which are set by third-party services such as Google Analytics, Youtube.com and Vimeo.com which allow us to embed their content on our site.
You can block cookies by clicking on the Decline button on our site's cookie notification bar. This appears at the foot of each page and your consent can be revoked or changed at any time.
You can also activate the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.
Change your cookie preferences
Mailing Lists
We use the third-party mailing service iContact to communicate via email.  Anyone with whom we have an existing and ongoing relationship may be added to our mailing list and we will use your preferred method of communication to let you know about any offers, services and information we feel would be of interest to you or your organisation. You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link provided in any of our emails. Alternatively, you can email us at info@thedramastudio.com. We will not add you to our mailing list simply because you have enquired about our services.
Google Analytics
Like many websites, this site uses Google Analytics to track user interaction. We use this data to determine the number of people using our site, to better understand how they find and use our web pages and to see their journey through the website. Google Analytics makes use of cookies, details of which can be found here. Disabling cookies on your internet browser will stop Google Analytics from tracking any part of your visit to pages within this website. Read more about this policy's section on cookies
Online Payments
We use Paypal to process all online payments through our site, however, please note that we do not store any credit card details on our site. For more information on Paypal's own Privacy Policy you can visit their site.
Photography and Filming
The Drama Studio will from time to time take photographs and film footage of students during class time or performances for use in Drama Studio drama research, teacher training courses, marketing and publicity material on and offline and for casting purposes.
Please advise us if you do not wish your child to be photographed/filmed.
Teachers Providing Services For The Drama Studio
The Drama Studio engages freelance teachers to deliver teaching services for The Drama Studio.
The Drama Studio requires that teachers hold a PVG Certificate.
Teachers will be asked for Contact information for communication purposes and for the drafting of Contracts. Teachers will be asked for bank details in order to pay for services delivered.
Storage of your information
The security of your personal information is important to us and we endeavour to keep your personal details safe at all times. We use SSL to encrypt any personal information transmitted to us via email or through this website and employ best practise methods to keep this information safe.
Whilst we strive to keep this information safe please remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
Use of your information
We collect information about you in order to communicate with you and provide a service requested by you or your organisation. We will only contact you if specifically requested to do so by you or your organisation.
We will only pass on your details to third parties if specifically requested to and usually in relation to the provision of a requested service.
Links to external sites
Our website may contain links to other websites run by other organisations. This privacy policy relates to this website only and we encourage you to read the privacy policy on any of the sites you visit. We cannot be held responsible for the practices and privacy policies of other sites even if you access them from our website.
Access to personal information
You can request to have access to the personal information we hold on you at any time.  We may issue a small charge for this. You may ask for us to amend or delete this information at any time by contacting us at the same address or alternatively email us.
Disclosure of information to third parties
We never sell your information on to third parties.
We will not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes.
We may pass on your details to a third party but ONLY when specifically requested by you.
Potential Sale Of The Drama Studio
If The Drama Studio is sold as a whole/in part or integrated with another Drama school then your details will be disclosed to the prospective purchaser or representative and passed to the new owners of the business.
Your rights
You have the right to:
Be informed about the personal data we hold and why we use it.
Access a copy of your data that we hold by contacting us directly. We will acknowledge your request and supply a response within one month or sooner.
Check the information we hold about you is correct and to make corrections if not.
Have your data erased in certain circumstances.
Transfer your data to someone else if you tell us to do so and it is safe and legal to do so.
Tell us not to actively process or update your data in certain circumstances.
How long is the personal data stored for?
We store website enquiries and event/class registrations until you tell us to remove your details.
We store orders received through the website for a period of at least 7 years, in line with accountacy and tax reporting requirements
We store user login details until they are requested to be removed from our site.
What if you are not happy or wish to raise a concern about our data processing?
You can complain in the first instance by contacting us and we will do our best to resolve the matter. Alternatively, you can email us at info@thedramastudio.com. If this fails, you can complain to the Information Commissioner at https://www.ico.org.uk/concerns, or by calling 0303 123 1113.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this page. This privacy policy was last updated on 22nd May 2018.
Please click here for Drama Studio Class Information and Terms and Conditions.
In This Section
The TeamDrama Studio InformationDrama Studio NewsDrama Studio Awards Ceremony 2017 Drama Studio Awards Ceremony 2016Drama Studio Awards Ceremony 2015Drama Studio Awards Ceremony 2014Drama Awards Ceremony 2013Drama Studio Awards Ceremony 2012Drama Awards Ceremony QuotesThe Days Never Know - Why Do Drama ?Drama Studio Student Fringe ReviewsDrama Studio ArticlesDrama Student FeedbackOne-To-One SessionsParent FeedbackPrivacy Policy