http://thegearpage.net/board/index.php?help/terms/
Menu
Supporting Membership
Home
Forums
New posts
Trending
Search forums
What's new
New posts
New media
New media comments
New resources
Latest activity
Media
New media
New comments
Search media
Resources
Latest reviews
Search resources
Members
Current visitors
Log in
Register
What's new
Search
Search
Search titles only
By:
Search
Advanced search…
Latest activity
Register
Menu
Log in
Register
Navigation
More options
Change style
Contact us
Close Menu
Home
Help
Terms and rules
Help pages
Help
DMCA
Privacy policy
Smilies
BB codes
Cookie usage
Terms and rules
Privacy policy
Rules of Conduct on TGP Last Revised September 9, 2018
GENERAL RULES PHILOSOPHY: Before reading this, please read the Terms of Use agreement, which covers general guidelines.
How We Handle Things: We do not search the forums looking for problems. We depend on the members to report problem posts via the reported posts function in our software. Please remember that our moderators are musicians, just like you, and that they are unpaid volunteers. A moderator may delete a post or might send you a notice/warning to remind you of the rules. If a post is really over the line in our opinion, or if we notice that you have to be told too often about our rules, you may be suspended or banned, depending on the circumstances. Please don't report posts that don't break our rules. Just because you don't agree isn't a reason to report the post. Only report posts that break the rules.
Basic Philosophy: From a moderation standpoint, there are no wrong viewpoints and the moderator may even agree with your perspective but may need to take a moderating action because the post is written in a manner that violates the rules.
THE RULES
Don't Act Like a Jerk. Antagonizing other members or resorting to personal attacks is the most common reason for moderators to take action. Say what you need to say without insulting someone else. Following someone from thread to thread to argue with or insult them is not allowed. Private Messages/Conversations or emails are private but the same "antagonizing" rule applies. Posting someone's PM, email or personal information without expressed written permission is not allowed.
No bashing of other musicians. We are a community of musicians and slamming other musicians is poor taste. A lot of them are or have been members of this forum.
Not Allowed. Bigoted remarks, religious or political comments, trademark violations, and copyright violations are not allowed. Photos and posts must be safe for work and people as young as 13 years old. You may not offer to sell or promote any item that violates a trademark, even if you note that it is a replica, clone, copy or fake. We allow discussion of guns as objects, but the debate about their appropriate role in society is banned because of the political nature of that discussion.
No Spam. Posts for buying, trading or selling are only allowed in the emporiums. You must be a Supporting Member to post ads in our emporiums. Soliciting members via unsolicited Private Message or email is spam. Spam in signatures is still spam. If it's not music gear, it's spam. "Price check" posts that look too much like an ad will be deleted and treated as spam.
Only one user account per member. Multiple User IDs are not allowed and will convert a temporary suspension into a permanent ban if you open a new user account while under suspension. If you want to change your username, you need to contact an administrator to do that for you.
If you feel the need to mention a bad business deal you’ve had with a company or individual, keep it professional. Do not get personal and don’t attack the people involved, describe the situation factually. Personal attacks and insults can draw infractions, even if you’re right. We cannot verify claims of a bad business deal and such posts are the sole responsibility of the author.
Do not argue with moderators. Moderators are volunteers who are musicians, just like you, and have a tough job. Please do not argue with them.
Legal threats. If you threaten or insinuate legal action against TGP or its staff, your time on TGP is over.
Emporium rules. There is a separate set of rules for the emporiums that are on each emporium area (sticky thread). Read them!
We don't delete user accounts. If you get booted or are unhappy with us, don’t ask us to remove your account or posts. You joined and posted on your own, and we will not spend time deleting things just because you're angry.
Rules for Businesses. Supporting Vendor – Annual or Monthly
To Participate and Sell and Market as a commercial business on The Gear Page, you must become a Supporting Vendor. This level of supporting membership comes with permission to post commercial listings in our emporiums, list links in your signature and open a Vendor tagged thread in the Member Discussion areas.
Vendor Banner
A vendor supporting member banner lets our members and moderators know you are a vendor
Signature, Avatar, Profile
We require placing a disclosure and suggest a link and contact information in your signature. Avatar suggestions can be logos, products, or musician lifestyle images. To edit your profile information, when logged in, click your username on the top right of the screen and you will see links to update your avatar, signature, and profile.
Suggested Content
Using the “Vendor” thread prefix you may create and maintain one promotional thread in one relevant discussion forum at any given time. When that thread loses activity, you may post new content but not more than once every 24 hours. In this one thread you may post the following:
You may post Videos/Pictures that feature your products
You may post Event announcements, trade shows, seminars, etc.
You may New product announcements
You may use the “Vendor” thread prefix to maintain one promotional sales thread in the relevant Emporium (Classifieds) forum at a time. The Commercial Areas of the Emporiums are wide open - you can post as many threads as you would like there.
Some Things Not To Do
Comparing products to the competition
Bumping your thread with a new post(s) in the Discussion areas beyond once every 24 hours unless you are answering a direct question. Some leeway is given but consistent abuse will be noted, and posting privileges could be in danger
Double posting the same announcement in different sections of the site
Posting to other sponsors' threads (unless you have something nice to say)
Issues/questions
Don't hesitate to contact us
If you see inappropriate content, the fastest way to bring to our attention is to click the "report post" button. The moderators get an email of the report immediately.
SUMMARY: Your membership to TGP is a privilege, not a right. If you don’t agree with the rules, you should find a discussion site that better meets your expectations. Although we value every member and want you to be here, if we feel that your membership hurts the experience for others, we may choose to suspend or ban you. We reserve the right to suspend or ban any member for any reason, not limited to the above rules.
Home
Help
Top