https://thepoetrybox.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content Skip to footer(Effective May 2018)
Introduction
This Privacy Policy sets out how The Poetry Box uses and protects any information that you provide by using this website.
The Poetry Box is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Any personal information you provide when using this website will only ever be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
The Poetry Box may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What personal data we collect
We may collect the following information when you (1)signup for our newsletter; (2) submit work for publication consideration; or (3) purchase books/merchandise from our website.
Name
Email address
Address & Phone Numbers (for shipping)
Website
Twitter & Facebook links
Why we collect this data
This information is collected to:
Provide us with a way to contact you, if we have a query about the creative work you have submitted to us for publication.
Provide information necessary to fulfill shipping of your online order and/or contributor copies.
Communicate with you via our eNewsletters
Promote the publication of your work via Twitter & Facebook.
Identify you as the copyright owner of your work.
Who we share your data with and why
In order to maintain our website and ensure its security, your data may be shared with our web hosting company, 1and1.com, and our web content management system provider, WordPress. Both 1and1.com and WordPress are GDPR compliant.
In order to communicate with you via our monthly eNewsletter, your data is shared with GDPR compliant service provider MailChimp.
In order to process book/merchandise orders placed online, your data is shared with GDPR compliant service providers WooCommerce and Paypal. (We do not directly collect or save data regarding payment methods, i.e. credit card numbers.)
In order to manage submissions of manuscripts, your data is shared with GDPR compliant service provider Submittable.
When you submit work to us, we are notified by email via GDPR compliant Gmail.
What rights you have over your data
If you have submitted your contact details to The Poetry Box via the submission form, or subscribed to our newsletter, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Unsubscribing
You can unsubscribe from our eNewsletters at any time by clicking the ‘Unsubscribe’ link in the footer of every newsletter.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information, which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
How we protect your data
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place a security plugin to enhance security on the website.
For queries concerning this Privacy Policy, or use of the personal information collected via thepoetrybox.com, please contact Shawn Aveningo Sanders (shawn@thepoetrybox.com).
Footer
Email: Shawn@ThePoetryBox.com
Talk/Text: (530)409-0721
The Poetry Box Newsletter Signup
Calls for Submissions, New Releases, Publishing Opportunities, Readings
First Name
Last Name
Email address:
Leave this field empty if you're human:
· Powered by Genesis