https://theturtles.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About
Tour
News
Music
The Singles
Discography
Lyrics
Multimedia
Photos
Videos
Contact
FAQ
Privacy Policy
In this Web Site Privacy Statement (“statement”), we, theturtles.com and/or floandeddie.com provide information about how we collect, use and transfer personally identifiable data from you, a web site visitor, through www.theturtles.com and/or floandeddie.com, and other web sites that we operate and on which we post a direct link to this statement (collectively the “site”).
Scope.
This statement covers only data collected through the site and not any other data collection or processing, including, without limitation, data collection practices of other web pages to which we link or data that we or our affiliates collect offline or through web sites that do not display a direct link to this statement.
Types of Data and Collection Methods.
When you visit the site, we automatically receive and record information from your computer and Internet connection, such as the IP address of your computer and/or Internet service provider, the date and time you access our web sites, the Internet address of web sites from which you link to our site, the computer technology you are using and your movements and preferences on our site. We use technology that many other web sites employ, including, without limitation, “cookies” or small data files stored on your computer’s hard drive, to collect information such as the aforementioned. In some instances, we also use cookies to collect information in connection with future visits from that site, to recognize you as a previous visitor and to track your activity on our site. You do not need to have cookies turned on to participate in our surveys or to visit our site. You can refuse cookies by turning them off on your browser.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, we reserve the right to combine the various types of data that we collect.
Collection Purposes, Use of Data.
We use the data we collect for the following general purposes:
To respond to the request that you sent us such as your request for information, or your request to subscribe to a service we offer;
To administer, protect and improve our site and our systems;
To better understand the preferences of our site visitors;
To identify server problems;
To compile aggregated statistics about site usage;
To help personalize your experience of our site;
To improve our products and services and other internal business purposes; and
To inform you about our products and services.
Contact Us.
Please feel free to contact us with any comments, questions, complaints or suggestions you might have regarding the information practices described in this statement. You may send us email here.
The Turtles featuring Flo & Eddie
The Turtles featuring Flo & Eddie
rss
Facebook
Twitter
Search for:
Upcoming shows
No shows booked at the moment.
Latest News
9th ANNUAL THE HAPPY TOGETHER TOUR 2018 LINEUP ANNOUNCEMENT
States jump on the SiriusXM lawsuit bandwagon
Video Game Resurrects “Happy Together” for the Holidays
Aeromexico commercial
Flo & Eddie File Lawsuit Against Sirius
Random FAQHow can I get an autographed picture?Send a self-addressed stamped envelope to: The Turtles 1113 Murfreesboro Road, Suite 106 Room 330…Learn more »
© 2020 The Turtles and Flo & Eddie, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy
Terms
Website Design by Moxie Design Studios