https://tomcruisefan.com/site/privacy-policy/
Menu
Home
Tom Information
Movies
Media
Pictures Gallery
Site
Twitter
Facebook
Tumblr
Instagram
TomCruiseFan
Your ultimate Tom Cruise Fan Resource
TomCruiseFan.comThe Ultimate Tom Cruise Fansite
Welcome to TomCruiseFan.com, Here you'll find all the latest news, information, a gallery with almost 100.000 photos and much more about the star of movies such as Mission: Impossible, Jerry Maguire, Top Gun, Magnolia, Risky Business and many more.
I hope you enjoy you stay and have fun!
Annie
Home Site
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Tom Cruise Fan collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the https://tomcruisefan.com website (“Site”).
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Tom Cruise Fan may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To run and operate our Site
We may need your information display content on the Site correctly.
To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Advertising
Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers. You may learn more about opting out of major ad networks at https://websitebuilders.com/tools/advertiser-opt-out/.
Google Adsense
Some of the ads may be served by Google. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Users based on their visit to our Site and other sites on the Internet. DART uses “non personally identifiable information” and does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, etc. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Compliance with children’s online privacy protection act
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our Site from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Changes to this privacy policy
Tom Cruise Fan has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes. This privacy policy was built using the https://PrivacyPolicies.com generator.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us.
Site Info TomCruiseFan.com is a non-official fan-made fansite for the actor Tom Cruise. It’s non-profit and all donations go towards maintaining the website.
We have no connections with Tom Cruise himself or his management
Since: January 2000
This website is specifically not for profit. All copyright is noted to their respective owners. If you wish anything to be removed, please contact us.
Privacy Policy – DMCA
Running a site costs money for domain renewals, hosts, images, magazines, films. If you can donate, it’d be very appreciated.
Support
Next Projects
Top Gun: Maverick
Role: Maverick
Status: Filming
Release: 2020
Official
Photos
IMDB
Luna Park
Role: Unknown
Status: Announced
Release: 2021??
Official
Photos
IMDB
Announced
Mission: Impossible 7 - 2021
Mission: Impossible 8 - 2022
Live, Die, Repeat (Edge of Tomorrow Sequel)
TomCruiseFan on Facebook
TomCruiseFan on Facebook
Follow Our Twitter Tweets by @TomCruiseFanCom
Official Networks
Follow @TomCruise
Affiliates
,
Ad
© 2005-2018 TomCruiseFan.com			/
Theme by Sin21
/
Privacy Policy			/ Header by Nowhereland Designs
/
Back to top
/
Homepage
TomCruiseFan.com is a non-official fan-made fansite for the actor Tom Cruise. We have no connections with Tom Cruise himself or his management.
No Copyright Infrigiment Intended. This site is exclusively not for profit..
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.