https://tpnc.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://tpnc.org.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Contact forms
When you submit a form on the site, all fields are saved to the site database, as well as your IP address. This information is accessible to site administrators.
Newsletter signup
Your name and email will be added to our Mailchimp newsletter list upon submitting the Newsletter Signup form. Mailchimp may also record additional information during your submission, including but not limited to your IP address and localization data inferred from it. This information is accessible by site administrators and Mailchimp account managers.
Cookies
The pop-up used to inform you that our site uses cookies saves a cookie when you accept, to remember your choice and prevent the pop-up from displaying upon future visits.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Google Analytics
The controller has integrated the component Google Analytics (with anonymization function) on this website.
Google Analytics is a web analytics service. Web analysis is the gathering, collection and analysis of data about the behavior of visitors to websites. Among other things, a web analysis service collects data on which website a data subject has come to a website from (so-called referrers), which subpages of the website were accessed or how often and for which period of time a subpage was viewed. A web analysis is mainly used to optimize a website and for the cost-benefit analysis of Internet advertising.
The operator of the Google Analytics component is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, USA.
Google Analytics uses cookies. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Google might transfer the personal information collected via this technical procedure to third parties.
As IP anonymization is activated on our website, your IP address will be shortened by Google within Member States of the European Union or other states in agreement with the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by a Google server in the USA. On behalf of the operator of the website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, compile reports on website activity and to provide further services related to website and internet use to us. The IP address transferred through your browser to Google Analytics will not be combined with other data held by Google.
You can prevent the storage of cookies by a corresponding setting of your browser software; however, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use all the features of this website to the fullest extent possible.
In addition, you may prevent the collection of the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) by Google as well as the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
This browser add-on informs Google Analytics via JavaScript that no data and information about website visits may be transmitted to Google Analytics.
In addition, a cookie already set by Google Analytics can be deleted at any time via the Internet browser or other software programs.
Further information and Google‘s applicable privacy regulations can be found at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en and https://marketingplatform.google.com/about/ The following link provides a further explanation of Google Analytics https://marketingplatform.google.com/about/.
Who we share your data with
Newsletter signup submissions are recorded in Mailchimp.
How long we retain your data
If you submit a contact form, the submission and its metadata are retained indefinitely.
What rights you have over your data
If you have submitted a contact form on this site, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
How we protect your data
We secure our website with a number of server-level and site-level precautions to protect your data.
What data breach procedures we have in place
If we encounter a data breach, we will send a message to every email address stored in our contact form database to inform about the breach and any additional information.