https://tracyrepchuk.com/disclaimers/#privacy
Disclaimers Refund Policy - Click + at end of bar for drop down of textWe at TracyRepchuk.com and Innersurf International want you to be satisfied with your purchase.If you have any questions or problems, please let us know by contacting our support team directly. You can submit a support ticket here. http://Maestro-Support.comIf this purchase refund request was formally made within 30 days, and no material was accessed, given access to, downloaded, no community access was given or no calls or email support transpired between you and and any InnerSurf Team Member, this will probably be an easy refund process and we will be back to you shortly.In the event that you have decided your purchase was not the right decision beyond the above scenario, contact our support team by opening a ticket at the link above along with proof that you did whatever was required for the success of the program, and that you actually did the work by submitting ALL of your homework, screenshots proof that you made all of the posts, reach outs, calls, websites, webinars, replays, for anything instructed throughout the course, and proof that you did not see the promised results from your product. We will review your submission and attempt to help correct the issue.Please note if this was a program that involved Tracy or Dave’s time at all in a training, mentoring, email, consulting, webinar, Q&A classes capacity at all – the refund will be denied as any time in a live capacity will be deemed the program was begun, but simply not completed on your part.To be eligible for a refund, you must submit your request, completed homework, proof of posts, and proof of no increase in engagement before 11:59pm Eastern Standard Time on the 30th day following your purchase. After you submit your materials, all refunds are discretionary*.No refunds will be provided more than 30 days following the date of purchase for any reason. If you opted for a payment plan and you do not request a refund by the end of the 30th day, you are required to complete the remaining payments of your payment plan. All payments must be made on a timely basis.*Note: As mentioned above, all refunds are discretionary. If you just downloaded the training material (pdfs, audios, videos, and/or etc), and then promptly asked for a refund, we still reserve the right to deny your refund request.The point of this refund policy is to give you a chance to opt out of a decision you made in haste, before you consume any of the materials or engaged any time of our services.Furthermore, if it is clear that your homework, exercises, materials required and posts are incomplete or that you did not implement the strategies taught in the course or offered by any member of InnerSurf International, your refund will be denied. However, we will still help and support you in order to help you get results you paid for.
Privacy PolicyTerms of UseEarnings DisclaimerWarrantiesTestimonialsGDPR
Privacy Policy Effective Date: January 1, 2020To review material modifications and their effective dates scroll to the bottom of the page.Innersurf International Inc (“INNERSURF”) owns and operates this tracyrepchuk.com website business. All references to “we”, “us”, this “website” or this “site” shall be construed to mean INNERSURF.HOW WE MODIFY THIS PRIVACY POLICYWe reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, and without prior notice, by posting an amended Privacy Policy that is always accessible by clicking on the “Privacy Policy” link on this site’s home page. Your continued use of this site indicates your acceptance of the amended Privacy Policy.Regarding Personal Information (defined below), if any modifications are materially less restrictive on our use or disclosure of the Personal Information previously disclosed by you, we will obtain your consent before implementing such revisions with respect to such information.THE TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECTPersonal Information. “Personal Information” includes any information regarding a natural person that may be used directly to identify the person. Personal Information that we collect may vary with each separate purpose for which you provide it, and it may include one or more of the following categories: name, physical address, an email address, phone number, credit card information including credit card number, expiration date, and billing address, and location data.Usage Data. We reserve the right to collect anonymous information based on your usage if this site which is information collected automatically from this site (or third party services employed in this site ), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the users who use this site, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server’s answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the user, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the site) and the details about the path followed within the site with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the user’s IT environment (“Usage Data”). Usage Data is essentially anonymous when collected, but could be used indirectly to identify a person.HOW AND WHEN WE COLLECT INFORMATIONPersonal Information. We collect Personal Information at the time you provide it to us. We collect Personal Information through sign-up forms and as part of your registration for an account, product, or service from this website. Personal Information that we collect may vary with the each sign-up or registration.Your Communications With Us. We collect Personal Information that we receive from you as you communicate with us.Usage Data. We reserve the right to monitor your use of this site. As you navigate through this site, Usage Data may be passively collected (that is, gathered without your actively providing the information) using various analytics and reporting technologies, such as cookies and web beacons.HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATIONWe use your Personal Information for the performance of the services or transaction for which it was given, our private, internal reporting for this site, and security assessments for this site.We may use your Personal Information to send you emails and pre-recorded phone messages if you give us your prior consent.We reserve the right to make full use of Usage Data. For example, we may use Usage Data to provide better service to site visitors, customize the site based on your preferences, compile and analyze statistics and trends about the use of this site, and otherwise administer and improve this site for your use. Specific uses are described below.INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSUREGeneral Disclosure Policy. Our general policy is that we will not share, sell, rent, or provide access to your Personal Information to others. The only exceptions to this general policy: (i) are described in the subsections below, and (ii) if you explicitly approve through our site. We reserve the right to disclose Usage Data without restriction.Affiliated Entities. We reserve the right to provide your Personal Information and Usage Data to any affiliated entities we may have, including our subsidiaries. Affiliated entities are entities that we legally control (by voting rights) or that control us.Service Providers. We reserve the right to provide access to your Personal Information and Usage Data to our trusted service providers that assist us with the operation and maintenance of this site. For example, we may contract with third parties to process payments, host our servers, provide security, and provide production, fulfillment, optimization, analytics, and reporting services. Our service providers will be given access to your information only as is reasonably necessary to provide the services for which they are contracted.Successors. If we sell or otherwise transfer part or all of our business or assets to another organization, such as in the course of an acquisition, merger, bankruptcy or liquidation, we may transfer your Personal Information and Usage Data. In such an event, we will require the buyer or transferee to agree to our commitments provided in this Privacy Policy.Legal Process, Enforcement and Security Notice. We reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information and Usage Data if we have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary (i) to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request (such as for example, to comply with a subpoena or court order), (ii) to detect, prevent, and address fraud or other illegal activity, and (iii) to investigate, respond to, or enforce violations of our rights or the security of this site.Marketing Affiliates, Partners and Resellers. We reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information to any of our (i) marketing affiliates that referred you to our site for purposes of sales by us, and (ii) resellers that may re-sell our products or services to you. We may also disclose your Personal Information to any marketing partners that may participate in the offer or related fulfillment. Understand that you originated with these marketing affiliates and resellers, and that the information you may provide to them is subject to their privacy policies also.When We Act as a Joint Venture Partner or Reseller for Others. We may act as a joint venture partner or reseller for certain of our marketing partners for purposes of selling their products or services to you, and we reserve the right to right to disclose your Personal Information to them for purposes of compensation, transaction processing, fulfillment, and support. These marketing partners may also email you regarding other products or services.Your California Privacy Rights. Under California Law SB 27, California residents have the right to receive, once a year, information about third parties with whom we have shared information about you or your family for their marketing purposes during the previous calendar year, and a description of the categories of personal information shared. To make such a request, please send an email to the email address provided in our contact information below and include the phrase “California Privacy Request” in the subject line, the domain name of the Web site you are inquiring about, along with your name, address and email address. We will respond to you within thirty days of receiving such a request.SPECIFIC INFORMATION ABOUT COOKIES AND WEB BEACONSIn order to provide better service for our site, we may use Cookies and Web Beacons to collect Usage Data to store your preferences and information about what pages you visit and past activity at our site. We may also employ Web Beacons from third parties in order to help us compile aggregated statistics regarding the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns or other operations of our site.“Cookies” are tiny pieces of information stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies are also used to customize content based on your browser. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you want to disable cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to turn off cookies. Please remember, however, that cookies may be required to allow you to use certain features of our site.Web Beacons – sometimes called single-pixel gifs or clear gifs – are used to assist in delivering cookies, and they allow us to count users who have visited pages of our site. We may include Web Beacons in promotional e-mail messages or our newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon.REMARKETING AND BEHAVIORAL TARGETINGWe reserve the right to participate with third party advertising partners in remarketing and behavioral targeting programs. These services allow us and our partners to display ads that are likely to be more relevant (such as behavioral or targeted ads that are based on information about your browsing history). This activity is performed by tracking Usage Data and by using cookies to transfer information to the partners that manage the remarketing and behavioral targeting activity.These third party ad servers or ad networks may also use cookies and other tracking devices to track your activities on this site to measure advertisement effectiveness and other reasons that will be provided in their own privacy policies. Tracking may include, but not limited to, the following: first party cookies, third party cookies, anonymous cookies, persistent identifiers, email optin, and search engine keywords. We have no access or control over these cookies and other tracking devices that may be used by third party advertisers, and we have no responsibility or liability for the policies and practices of these sites.AdWords Remarketing (Google) – We reserve the right to participate in AdWords Remarketing which is a Remarketing and Behavioral Targeting service provided by Google Inc. that connects the activity of this site with the Adwords advertising network and the Doubleclick cookie. Information collected: cookie and Usage Data. For the opt-out, visit https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=enRemarketing through Google Analytics for Display Advertising (Google) – We reserve the right to participate in any and all of the following Google Analytics Advertising Features provided by Google Inc. – Remarketing with Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager integration, and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. These features use first party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) for connecting the tracking activity performed by Google Analytics and its cookies with the Adwords advertising network and the DoubleClick cookie (a third party cookie). Information collected: cookie and Usage Data, including audience data such as age, gender, and interests. For the opt-out, visit https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en You may optout of the Google Analytics service with the Google’s Browser Add-on that’s available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/For information in general about Google’s remarketing ad campaigns, and specifically about information regarding DoubleClick cookies and how to control and manage Google’s advertising cookies for these campaigns, visit http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/For another Google resource for opting our of Google’s use of cookies, visit http://www.google.com/settings/adsFor information regarding how Google uses data when you use Google’s partners’ sites or apps, visit http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/For anther resource recommended by Google for opting out of a third party vendor’s use of cookies, visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.aspCustom Audience (Facebook). We reserve the right to participate in Facebook.com’s Custom Audience. A Custom Audience on Facebook.com enables us to display to persons on our email lists targeted, personalized ads when they visit Facebook.com. The ads are based on your shopping experience at our website. No personal information, including your shopping history, is shared with Facebook. The Custom Audience allows us to convert your email address to a unique number that Facebook uses to match to unique numbers that Facebook generates from email addresses of its users. You may optout of participation in our Facebook Custom Audience by sending an email, from the email address you are opting out of, to the email address provided in our contact information below. For your optout to be effective, you must: (i) place the following text in the subject line of the email – “Opting Out of Facebook.com Website Custom Audience Ads”, and (ii) in the body of the email, include your name and email address. We will forward your name and email address to Facebook.com with a request to delete you from all of our Facebook Custom Audience Ads.ANALYTICSWe reserve the right to participate with third party analytics partners to monitor and analyze Web traffic and can be used to keep track of user behavior on this site.Google Analytics (Google) – Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the data collected to track and examine the use of this site, to prepare reports on its activities, and to share them with other Google services. Information collected: cookie and Usage Data. Visit Privacy Policy at https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/?fg=1 You may optout of the Google Analytics service with the Google’s Browser Add-on that’s available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/SOCIAL MEDIA INTERACTIONSWe invite you to socialize and share your participation with this site and purchases. If you choose to use social media platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, and Instagram, you will be allowing interaction with these platforms or other external platforms directly from this site, and in the process you may be sharing certain profile elements, including your comments. This sharing is subject to each social media program’s privacy policies.DO NOT TRACK REQUESTSSome Web browsers incorporate a “Do Not Track” feature that signals to websites that you visit that you do not want to have your online activity tracked. Each browser communicates “Do Not Track” signals to websites differently, making it unworkable to honor each and every request correctly. In order to alleviate any communication error between browsers and website, we do not respond to “Do Not Track” signals at this time. As the technology and communication between browser and website improves, we will reevaluate the ability to honor “Do Not Track” signals and may make changes to our policy.DATA SECURITYWe will implement reasonable and appropriate security procedures consistent with prevailing industry standards to protect data from unauthorized access by physical and electronic intrusion. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or method of data storage can be guaranteed 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to protect your Personal Information by following generally accepted industry standards, we cannot ensure or warrant the absolute security of any information you transmit to us or archive at this site.When you transmit Personal Information through our registration process or if you purchase products or services, we encrypt that information in transit using secure socket layer technology (SSL).After the secure transfer of your Personal Information, the information is maintained and stored with 128-bit encryption.ONWARD TRANSFER OUTSIDE YOUR COUNTRY OF RESIDENCEAny Personal Information which we may collect on this site will be stored and processed in our servers located only in the United States. By using this site, if you reside outside the United States, you consent to the transfer of Personal Information outside your country of residence to the United States.UPDATING PERSONAL INFORMATIONUpon request, we will permit you to request or make changes or updates to your Personal Information for legitimate purposes. We request identification prior to approving such requests. We reserve the right to decline any requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require unreasonable time or effort of our technical or administrative personnel, or undermine the privacy rights of others. We reserve the right to permit you to access your Personal Information in any account you establish with this site for purposes of making your own changes or updates, and in such case, instructions for making such changes or updates will be provided where necessary.EMAIL MESSAGES; OPT-OUTIf you supply us with your e-mail address you may receive periodic messages from us with information specific to the site and required for the normal functioning of the site as well as for new products or services or upcoming events or offers from us. If you prefer not to receive these periodic email messages, you may opt-out by following the instructions in the email. Some of these emails from us may contain promotional offers on behalf of third party marketing partners which we select; however, in these instances, we do NOT share your Personal Information with the third party marketing partner for purposes of the mailing; we do the mailing for them. However, if you do click on any of the links to their websites or accept any of these promotional offers, your click-through information and any information that you provide in the process of registration or purchase will be transferred to these sites. We have no responsibility or liability for the policies and practices of these sites. You should be careful to review any privacy policies posted on any of these sites before providing information to them.MOBILE PHONE/TEXT MESSAGES; OPT-OUTIf you give us prior written consent for a designated mobile phone number, you may receive periodic pre-recorded phone messages and/or text messages from us with information specific to the site and required for the normal functioning of the site as well as for new products or services or upcoming events or offers from us. If you prefer not to receive these messages, you may opt-out by following the instructions in the message.LINKS TO OTHER SITESThis site may contain links to other websites with whom we have a business relationship. These links may include online advertisements that we deem to be appropriate. If you do click on any of the links to their websites or accept any of their promotional offers, your click-through information and any information that you provide in the process of registration or purchase will be transferred to these sites. We have no responsibility or liability for the policies and practices of these sites; however, we have entered into agreements with these websites which provide that unless you specifically agree otherwise, they will use and share your Personal Information only for the purpose of providing or fulfilling your request for products or services. You should be careful to review any privacy policies posted on any of these sites before providing information to them.CHILDREN’S ONLINE POLICYWe are committed to preserving online privacy for all of its website visitors, including children. This site is a general audience site. Consistent with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), we will not knowingly collect any information from, or sell to, children under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian who has discovered that your child under the age of 13 has submitted his or her personally identifiable information without your permission or consent, we will remove the information from our active list, at your request. To request the removal of your child’s information, please contact our site as provided below under “Contact Us”, and be sure to include in your message the same login information that your child submitted.CONTACT USIf you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact the owner and operator of this website business at:Innersurf International IncAttn: Privacy Policy Officer5952 Las Virgenes Rd. 760Calabasas, CA 91302Email: policy@innersurf.comTelephone: 818.859.7210— Material Modifications Since January 1, 2020: none.
Terms of Use PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY. By accessing or otherwise using this site, you agree to be bound contractually by these Terms of Use.Effective Date: January 1, 2020To review material modifications and their effective dates scroll to the bottom of the page.1.    Parties. The parties to these Terms of Use are you, and the owner of this tracyrepchuk.com website business, Innersurf International Inc (“INNERSURF”). All references to “we”, “us”, “our”, this “website” or this “site” shall be construed to mean this website business and INNERSURF.2.    Use And Restrictions. Subject to these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy, you may use the public areas of this site, but only for your own internal purposes. You agree not to access (or attempt to access) this site by any means other than through the interface we provide, unless you have been specifically allowed to do so in a separate agreement. You agree not to access (or attempt to access) this site through any automated means (including use of scripts or web crawlers), and you agree to comply with the instructions set out in any robots.txt file present on this site. You are not authorized to (i) resell, sublicense, transfer, assign, or distribute the site, its services or content; (ii) modify or make derivative works based on the site, its services or content; or (iii) “frame” or “mirror” the site, its services or content on any other server or Internet-enabled device. All rights not expressly granted in this Agreement are reserved by us and our licensors.3.    Modification. We reserve the right to modify these Terms of Use at any time, and without prior notice, by posting an amended Terms of Use that is always accessible through the Terms of Use link on this site’s home page. You should scroll to the bottom of this page periodically to review material modifications and their effective dates. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THIS SITE FOLLOWING OUR POSTING OF A MODIFICATION NOTICE OR NEW TERMS OF USE ON THIS SITE WILL CONSTITUTE BINDING ACCEPTANCE OF THE MODIFICATION OR NEW TERMS OF USE.4.    Monitoring. We reserve the right, but not the obligation, to monitor your access and use of this site without notification to you. We may record or log your use in a manner as set out in our Privacy Policy that is accessible though the Privacy Policy link on this site’s home page.5.    Separate Agreements. You may acquire products, services and/or content from this site. We reserve the right to require that you agree to separate agreements as a condition of your use and/or purchase of such products, services and/or content.6.    Ownership. The material provided on this site is protected by law, including, but not limited to, United States copyright law and international treaties. The copyrights and other intellectual property in the content of this site is owned by us and/or others. Except for the limited rights granted herein, all other rights are reserved.7.    Warranty Disclaimers. EXCEPT AS MAY BE PROVIDED IN ANY SEPARATE WRITTEN AGREEMENTS SIGNED BY THE PARTIES, THE SERVICES, CONTENT, AND/OR PRODUCTS ON THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED “AS-IS”, AND NEITHER WE NOR ANY OF OUR LICENSORS MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY WITH RESPECT TO SUCH PRODUCTS, SERVICES, AND/OR CONTENT. EXCEPT AS MAY BE PROVIDED IN ANY SEPARATE WRITTEN AGREEMENT SIGNED BY THE PARTIES OR SEPARATE AGREEMENT ORIGINATING FROM THIS SITE, THIS SITE AND ITS LICENSORS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, RELATING TO THIS SITE OR PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND/OR CONTENT ACQUIRED FROM THIS SITE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, COMPLETENESS, TIMELINESS, CORRECTNESS, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THIS SITE AND ITS LICENSORS DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THIS SITE, ITS PRODUCTS, SERVICES, AND/OR CONTENT: (A) WILL BE SECURE, TIMELY, UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE OR OPERATE IN COMBINATION WITH ANY OTHER HARDWARE, SOFTWARE, SYSTEM OR DATA, (B) WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR EXPECTATIONS, OR (C) WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. THESE DISCLAIMERS CONSTITUTE AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS AGREEMENT. NO PURCHASE OR USE OF THE ITEMS OFFERED BY THIS SITE IS AUTHORIZED HEREUNDER EXCEPT UNDER THESE DISCLAIMERS. IF IMPLIED WARRANTIES MAY NOT BE DISCLAIMED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, THEN ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED IN DURATION TO THE PERIOD REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW. SOME STATES OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY MAY LAST, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.8.    Limitation of Liability. IN NO EVENT SHALL THIS SITE AND/OR ITS LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO ANYONE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHER DAMAGES OF ANY TYPE OR KIND (INCLUDING LOSS OF DATA, REVENUE, PROFITS, USE OR OTHER ECONOMIC ADVANTAGE) ARISING OUT OF, OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THIS SITE, ITS PRODUCTS, SERVICES, AND/OR CONTENT, ANY INTERRUPTION, INACCURACY, ERROR OR OMISSION, REGARDLESS OF CAUSE, EVEN IF THIS SITE OR OUR LICENSORS HAVE BEEN PREVIOUSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.9.    Links to This Site. We grant to you a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to this site provided that the link does not portray us or our products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or offensive matter. You may not use any logo, trademark, or tradename that may be displayed on this site or other proprietary graphic image in the link without our prior written consent.10.    Links to Third Party Websites. We do not review or control third party websites that link to or from this site, and we are not responsible for their content, and do not represent that their content is accurate or appropriate. Your use of any third party site is on your own initiative and at your own risk, and may be subject to the other sites’ terms of use and privacy policy.11.    Participation In Promotions of Advertisers. You may enter into correspondence with or participate in promotions of advertisers promoting their products, services or content on this site. Any such correspondence or participation, including the delivery of and the payment for products, services or content, are solely between you and each such advertiser.12.    Arbitration. Except for actions to protect intellectual property rights and to enforce an arbitrator’s decision hereunder, all disputes, controversies, or claims arising out of or relating to this Agreement or a breach thereof shall be submitted to and finally resolved by arbitration under the rules of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) then in effect. There shall be one arbitrator, and such arbitrator shall be chosen by mutual agreement of the parties in accordance with AAA rules. The arbitration shall take place in Los Angeles Ca, USA, and may be conducted by telephone or online. The arbitrator shall apply the laws of the State of California, USA to all issues in dispute. The controversy or claim shall be arbitrated on an individual basis, and shall not be consolidated in any arbitration with any claim or controversy of any other party. The findings of the arbitrator shall be final and binding on the parties, and may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction for enforcement. Enforcements of any award or judgment shall be governed by the United Nations Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards. Should either party file an action contrary to this provision, the other party may recover attorney’s fees and costs up to $1000.00.13.    Jurisdiction And Venue. The courts of Los Angeles County in the State of California, USA and the nearest U.S. District Court in the State of California shall be the exclusive jurisdiction and venue for all legal proceedings that are not arbitrated under these Terms of Use.14.    Controlling Law. This Agreement shall be construed under the laws of the State of California, USA, excluding rules regarding conflicts of law. The application the United Nations Convention of Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded.15.    Onward Transfer of Personal Information Outside Your Country of Residence. Any personal information which we may collect on this site will be stored and processed in our servers located only in the United States. If you reside outside the United States, you consent to the transfer of personal information outside your country of residence to the United States.16.    Severability. If any provision of these terms is declared invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be deemed modified to the extent necessary and possible to render it valid and enforceable. In any event, the unenforceability or invalidity of any provision shall not affect any other provision of these terms, and these terms shall continue in full force and effect, and be construed and enforced, as if such provision had not been included, or had been modified as above provided, as the case may be.17.    Force Majeure. We shall not be liable for damages for any delay or failure of delivery arising out of causes beyond our reasonable control and without our fault or negligence, including, but not limited to, Acts of God, acts of civil or military authority, fires, riots, wars, embargoes, Internet disruptions, hacker attacks, or communications failures.18.    Privacy. Please review this site’s Privacy Policy which also governs your visit to this site. Our Privacy Policy is always accessible on our site’s home page.— Material Modifications Since January 1, 2014: none.
Earnings Disclaimer 1.    Although we make every effort to accurately represent the services and/or products presented on this website, we make no assurance, representation or promise regarding future earnings or income, or that you will make any specific amount of money, or any money at all, or that you will not lose money.2.    Earnings or income statements, or examples of earnings or income, represent estimates of what you may earn; however, there is no promise or guarantee that you my experience the same level of earnings or income.3.    There is no assurance that any prior success or past results regarding earnings or income may be an indication of your future success or results.4.    Statements or examples of actual earnings on this website that are attributed to a specified individual or business are true and correct, and we will verify them upon request and also provide statements of expected typical results (email compliance.officer-at-TRACYREPCHUK.COM); however, these statements or examples should not be viewed as promises or guarantees of earnings or income. Earnings and income potential are affected by a number of factors over which we have no control, including but not limited to your financial condition, talent, skills, level of effort, motivation, past experience and education, your competition, and changes within the market.5.    Operating a business on the Internet involves unknown risks. You should make decisions based on information provided through services and/or products presented on this website with the understanding that an Internet business may not be suitable for you, and that you could experience significant losses or fail to generate any earnings or income at all.6.    You should undertake your own due diligence regarding your evaluation of any services and/or products presented on this website, and this includes relying on qualified professional advisors to assist you with your evaluation.7.    For the foregoing reasons, you agree that we are not responsible for any decision you may make regarding any information presented on this website or any of the services and/or products presented on this website.
Warranties Pursuant to U.S. State & Federal Laws the following is a statement of your legal rights.Disclaimer & Legal RightsNo WarrantiesALL WEB SITES, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED, AS IS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. OUR COMPANY DOES NOT WARRANT, GUARANTEE, OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE, OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE, OF THE WEB SITES, PRODUCTS, SERVICES OR WRITTEN MATERIALS IN THE TERMS OF CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, CURRENTNESS OR OTHERWISE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE RESULTS AND PERFORMANCE OF THE WEB SITES, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ARE ASSUMED BY YOU. IF THE WEB SITES, PRODUCTS, SERVICES  OR WRITTEN MATERIALS ARE DEFECTIVE, YOU, AND NOT OUR COMPANY, ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.THIS IS THE ONLY WARRANT OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, THAT IS MADE BY OUR COMPANY. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY OUR COMPANY SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY OR IN ANY WAY INCREASE THE SCOPE OF THIS WARRANTY, AND YOU MAY NOT RELY ON SUCH INFORMATION OR ADVICE TO DO SO.Customer Remedy Our company’s entire liability, and the purchaser’s exclusive remedy, shall be a refund of the price paid or replacement of our products, at our option.  We limit replacement to thirty days.  All remedies are limited to the United States.Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability, so the above limitations may not apply to you. Limitation & Exclusion Of Liability These warranties exclude all incidental or consequential damages.  Our company, and its suppliers, will not be liable for any damages whatsoever, including without limitation, damages for loss of business profits, business interruption, loss of business information, or other pecuniary loss.  Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability, so the above limitations may not apply to you.Legal Forum, Choice Of Laws & Official LanguageThis offering is a contract between you the buyer and our business, the seller.  The seller is located in Burbank, CA U.S.A. and by doing business with us you agree that this offering is made from Burbank, CA, U.S.A. and shall be governed by the laws of the State of California and the U.S.A.. By electing to participate in this offer, you are entering into a contract.This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. Any legal action arising out of this Agreement shall be litigated and enforced under the laws of the State of California. In addition, you agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of California, and that any legal action pursued by you shall be within the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Los Angeles in the State of California, USA.The terms constituting this offering are set forth in writing on this Web site.  You hereby agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the State and Federal Courts located in Los Angeles, CA, U.S.A. to resolve any disputes or litigation hereunder.  Whether or not you choose to print this offering, containing the terms and conditions as described herein, you agree that this contract constitutes a writing.This agreement is being written in English, which is to be the official language of the contract’s text and interpretation.  If you do not agree with the above terms and conditions, you have the option to not participate in this offer.  CopyrightsThis Web site and information contains copyrighted material, trademarks, and other proprietary information.  You may not modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, create derivative works of, on in any way exploit, in whole or in part, any Proprietary or other Material.LicenseAll images, text, contents, products and scripts are licensed and never sold, unless otherwise stated.   Reproduction is prohibited.  You may not use, copy, emulate, clone, rent, lease, sell, modify, decompile, disassemble, otherwise reverse engineer, or transfer the licensed program or product, or any subset of the licensed program or product, except as provided for in this agreement or expressly in writing.  Any such unauthorized use shall result in immediate and automatic termination of this license and may result in criminal and/or civil prosecution.Our company reserves all rights not expressly granted here.© InnerSurf International Inc
Testimonials And Results Disclosure Statement 1.  Material Connections with Endorsers. Endorsers are persons who provide testimonials or comments on this site. We are required to disclose “material connections’ with endorsers that involve our payment of compensation or our providing free promotional materials or benefits to endorsers in connection with their testimonials or comments.1.1  No Commissions or Fees. None of the endorsers who provide testimonials or comments on this site regarding this site, its products or services receive payment in the form of affiliate commissions, referral fees, or other fees from us. To the best of our knowledge we believe these endorsements represent the honest opinions of the endorsers.1.2  Free Promotional Materials or Benefits. Some or all of the endorsers who provide testimonials or comments on this site regarding this site, its products or services may have received free promotional materials or benefits from us, and these benefits my cause these endorsers to be biased. You are cautioned to draw your own conclusions based on your own due diligence regarding whether these endorsements are biased by reason of these free promotional materials or benefits; however, to the best of our knowledge we believe these endorsements represent the honest opinions of the endorsers.2.  Generally Expected Results From Our Products/Services. For Testimonials we post on our site that are in the nature of “success story” or “best-case” scenario testimonials (as distinguished from subjective opinions), we have data that will substantiate the results and also provide statements of expected typical results we believe consumers will generally achieve with our product or service, and we will provide this information upon request – email compliance.officer-at-TRACYREPCHUK.COM. If you do not request substantiation data from us, you should assume that the results achieved by these testimonialists are the exception and not the rule, and for this reason, you should not expect to achieve the same level of results, or any positive results at all.3.  Subjective Opinion Testimonials We Post. For Testimonials we post on our site that are in the nature of subjective opinions, we do not independently verify, nor do we seek independent verification; however, to the best of our knowledge we believe the testimonialists are giving their honest opinions. If you’re not sure regarding whether a particular testimonial is a “success story”/”best-case” scenario testimonial or a subjective opinion testimonial, email our compliance officer at the email address provided above and request clarification.4.  Blog Posts by Others. We do not independently verify, nor do we seek independent verification of comments and statements that may be posted by others in blog posts on this site regarding our website, its products or services. For this reason, if others post “success story” or “best-case” scenario testimonials or positive comments (as distinguished from subjective opinions), you should assume that the results achieved by these testimonialists are the exception and not the rule, and for this reason, you should not expect to achieve the same level of results, or any positive results at all.
General Data Protection Regulations For prospects or clients based in the European Union (EU), we are compliant with the updated laws that protect users and their data. We provide EU residents the ability to click unsubscribe and it will delete their record in our files. We also guarantee we do not share your content with anyone outside of our organization.
Pin It on Pinterest