https://trollopesociety.org/privacy-legal/
Skip to main content
Home  >  Privacy & legal
Privacy & legal
Data protection and privacy statement
www.trollopesociety.org  is a Trollope Society website. The Trollope Society is a registered charity in England no. 803130.
Through www.trollopesociety.org we collect the following data:
Email addresses
Postal addresses for delivery of products and billing address
Landline and mobile telephone numbers.
We use this information to record feedback from our users, the purposes of membership management and renewal, fulfilment of orders from our online shop, and the sending of regular emails in the form of newsletters.
Personal data collected for the purposes of administering competitions will not be kept for more than six months.
We may share your information with our fulfillment partner. Your data will be transmitted and stored securely.
The Trollope Society and our fulfilment partner will delete your data when they no longer need it and will never use it for any other purpose.
The data we collect is used only by The Trollope Society. Any personal data relating to you will be used solely in accordance with current data protection legislation and will not be disclosed to any third party without your prior consent.
We do not collect or store financial information on this site.
Cookies
We will store your personal information only if you chose to provide it to us, for example by completing one of our online forms in our shop or by registering with our website to become a member.
Any personal information you supply in process of creating a membership or using our shop will only be used to provide the requested service or product.
‘Cookies’ are small files put onto your computer to collect information about how you browse the site. We use them on this website to:
allow users to log in and register with our website
check that cookies can be set and therefore determine whether a user is able to log in
store a reference to a form, this allows the customer to complete it over multiple sessions in our shop with greater ease
analyse user statistics
You are able to control your cookies through your web browser which allows you to decide if you want to access sites that uses cookies.
Terms of use
Information given on this website is correct to the best of the charity’s knowledge at the time of publication. The Trollope Society reserves the right to alter information given in this site at any given time.
This site has links to external websites. The Trollope Society takes no responsibility for the content of external sites.
Payment processing
We use PayPal to process all payments for membership, merchandise, books and donations. Payments can be made using a PayPal account, or by credit or debit card.
Gift Aid
If you’re a UK taxpayer you can add Gift Aid worth 20%, paid for by the UK Government. Your £20 gift will be worth £25 to us if you add Gift Aid when you make your payment using a debit or credit card, or if you set up a standing order when you complete your payment.
The Gift Aid declaration for membership payments is managed by the Trollope Society. The Trollope Society claims the Gift Aid direct from the UK Government.
The Gift Aid declaration for donations made via PayPal is managed by PayPal. The Trollope Society claims the Gift Aid from the UK Government.
The Gift Aid declaration for donations made via PayPal Giving Fund is handled by PayPal Giving Fund. PayPal Giving Fund claim the Gift Aid from the UK Government and pay it to the Trollope Society.
PayPal Giving Fund
If you have a PayPal account you can give to the Trollope Society with no transaction charges for yourself or the charity. The Trollope Society will receive 100% of your donation.
PayPal Giving Fund is an independently registered UK charity (No. 1110538) that uses PayPal technology and financial support to raise new funds for good causes without charging donors or charities for their services.
Trollope Society Shop & Membership
New members of this site will become members of the Trollope Society, registered address PO Box 505, Tunbridge Wells, TN2 9RW. Registered in England as a charity, no 803130.
Digital Only members of this site will not receive physical copies of the Society’s magazine Trollopiana. All membership communications will be sent by email. All other benefits are the same as for Annual Members.
Life and Charter members of the Trollope Society will be entitled to join this website as existing members without payment.
Annual members of the Trollope Society, whose subscriptions are up-to-date, will be entitled to join this website as existing members without payment.
Former members of the Trollope Society, whose subscriptions have lapsed, should join this website as new members.
Members of the Trollope Society USA are not entitled to join this website without joining the Trollope Society.
The Trollope Society will provide an accurate description of the goods or service, including how long any commitment will last on the part of the consumer.
The total price of the goods or service, including delivery, will be presented to the user before being passed to PayPal for payment.
A complete list of shipping charges is available here. The cost of delivery for items in the shop will be calculated in the following way:
UK books – £5.00 for the first book, with £2.50 each additional book
Europe books – £10 for the first book, with £5 each additional book
Rest of World books – £12.50 for the first book, with £10.00 each additional book
UK merchandise – free delivery
Europe merchandise – £5.00 for first item, with £2.50 each additional item
Rest of World merchandise – £7.50 for first item, with £5.00 for each additional item
Deliveries may take up to 28 days in the UK, and 3 months for Rest of World.
The cost of postage to return items will be paid by the customer, except where the goods are faulty or incorrectly supplied.
Customers have a right to cancel under the Consumer Contracts Regulations (June 2014). Your right to cancel an order for goods starts the moment you place your order and ends 14 days from the day you receive your goods. If your order consists of multiple goods, the 14 days runs from when you get the last of the batch. This 14 day period is the time you have to decide whether to cancel, you then have a further 14 days to actually send the goods back.
Refunds. We will refund you the cost of the books, merchandise or membership, plus delivery, within 14 days of either receiving the goods back, or you providing evidence of having returned the goods (for example, a proof of postage receipt from the post office), whichever is the sooner. A deduction can be made if the value of the goods has been reduced as a result of you handling the goods more than was necessary. The extent to which a customer can handle the goods is the same as it would be if you were assessing them in a shop.
Event refunds. We do not give refunds for tickets to events if you are unable to come, or change your mind.
VAT number
The Trollope Society’s registered VAT number is 468881682.
Copyright and image permissions
This website uses information from a variety of sources. Where appropriate all copyright material is acknowledged and we have attempted to contact the copyright holder for permission to use the materials. Please contact us if you would like copyrighted material removed from this site.
All other materials on this website are the copyright of The Trollope Society. Materials on this website may be downloaded solely for personal use. No materials may otherwise be copied, modified, published, broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written permission of The Trollope Society, after which, if granted, conditions may be applied.
Trollope Conversazione WhatsApp Group Terms of Use
For additional Terms of Use relating to the Trollope Conversazione WhatsApp Group please see here.
By visiting this site, the user accepts these terms and conditions.
Share this
More sharing...
Facebook
Twitter