https://tvseriesfinale.com/privacy-policy/
Menu
Home
News
Cancelled or Renewed?
Cancelled TV Shows (lists)
Cancellations
Renewals
TV Show Status Pages
Vulture Watch
TV Ratings
Daily Network Ratings
Ratings by Season/Channel
Weekly Averages
Soap Opera Ratings
Archive
Viewer Votes
ABC TV shows
CBS TV shows
The CW TV shows
FOX TV shows
NBC TV shows
All Viewer Votes
About
YouTube
Facebook
Twitter
RSS
Mail
Welcome and thank you for visiting this page. We appreciate that our readers take their privacy and protection of their personal information seriously. We take it very seriously as well.
What follows is information on what personal data is gathered, how it is used, and how we keep it safe. It is our practice to gather very little information about our readers and we aim for full transparency on how their personal information is used.
Who We Are and What This Policy Covers
My Design Studio, LLC (“we”) operates TVSeriesFinale.com (“website”), a news resource that reports on television show cancellations and renewals in the United States. For that reason, television viewers in the United States are this website’s intended audience.  This policy pertains to information that is collected when visitors (“readers”) visit or use some of the website’s features.
Information You Provide to Us
It’s probably no surprise that we collect information that you provide to us. The amount and type of information that you provide depend on the context.
Email alerts – We offer free email alerts to our readers so that they can be notified when we post about a topic that interests them. To subscribe, the reader needs to supply an email address. A provided email address is never used for any other purpose. The reader’s IP address is logged to provide a record of the action and to troubleshoot possible abuse. To avoid sending unwanted emails (SPAM), we verify the subscription by sending a double opt-in email with a confirmation link. Email alerts will not be sent until the subscription is confirmed. A subscribed reader may unsubscribe at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of an email alert. This will stop future emails from being sent. Additionally, a reader may request that their email address and log be deleted by emailing editor [@] tvseriesfinale.com. Please use the email address associated with the subscription so we can be sure that we are deleting the correct information.
Email newsletter – We offer a daily summary of our posts with links to those posts via email. A provided email address is never used for any other purpose. Google’s Feedburner provides this service. Readers who wish to unsubscribe can do so by clicking the unsubscribe link in an email they’ve received. Readers may also email a request to editor [@] tvseriesfinale.com. Please use the email address associated with the subscription so we can be sure that we are deleting the correct information. For more information about Google’s Feedburner, please read their privacy policy.
Comments – We offer readers the option of commenting on our posts and use the native WordPress commenting system. When commenting, the reader can choose to use their real name or an email address but neither is required to leave a comment. The reader’s IP address is logged, in part to help weed out spam and abusive comments. Once approved, comments and the name provided are viewable by other website readers. Readers can request copies of their personal information by sending a request to editor [@] tvseriesfinale.com. If desired, a reader may also request that this information be deleted. This will be completed within two business days. Please use the email address associated with the comment.
When a reader submits a comment, an anonymized string that’s been created from the email address provided (if you choose to provide one) is automatically sent to the Gravatar (Globally Recognized Avatar) service. If you have a Gravatar account, the account’s profile image will appear next to your comment once it’s been approved. For additional information, please read the Gravatar privacy policy.
Contact form – Readers can email us via our contact form. A name and email address are requested as part of the form so that we can respond if needed. The name, email address, and IP address are logged in our system. This information is kept for customer service purposes. A provided email address is never used for any other purpose. Readers can request that their submitted information be deleted from our system by emailing editor [@] tvseriesfinale.com. Please use the email address associated with the comment form submission so we can be sure that we are deleting the correct information.
Information Automatically Collected As You Access and Use This Website
In addition to any information that you choose to submit to us, we and our third-party service providers or advertisers may use a variety of technologies (including cookies, Flash cookies, web beacons and embedded scripts) — aka cookies — that automatically or passively collect information when you visit or interact with the website.
What are cookies? Many websites and servers use cookies. Many cookies contain a so-called cookie ID which is a unique identifier of the cookie. It consists of a character string through which websites and servers can be assigned to the specific Internet browser in which the cookie was stored. This allows visited websites and servers to differentiate the individual browser of the data subject from other Internet browsers that contain other cookies. A specific Internet browser can be recognized and identified using the unique cookie ID. You can read more about cookies.
Through the use of cookies, this website can recognize a reader’s device and provide a more reader-friendly experience. Typically, a reader may disable the setting of cookies or delete past cookies with a web browser. If the reader chooses to eliminate cookies, not all functions of our website may be entirely usable. We also log IP addresses when readers visit this website or interact with the site (for example, submitting comments, using the contact form, voting in polls, and voting on TV show episodes).
Third Party Cookies
This website uses third-party ad servers and networks to serve advertisements that appear on pages of the website. These providers may place cookies to help serve relevant ads and to help us maintain a free-to-use website. They may receive your IP address and use that information to measure ad effectiveness and/or to personalize their advertisements.
Freestar – Freestar is an ad network partner. Please read Freestar’s Platform Privacy Policy.
Exponential – Exponential Interactive, Inc, as our partner, have a legitimate interest to collect and profile personal data in the form of IP address and cookie ID from users on our website in order to provide targeted online advertising and ad measurement. For more details including opt-out requests, access requests or complaints, please review their privacy policy or contact their data protection officer via privacy@exponential.com.
Cookie Name: ANON_ID
Domain: tribalfustion.com
Function: The anonymous hashed id in the cookie links the web user’s browser to a profile which contains the behaviors the user has displayed.
Party: Third
Class: Tracking
Type: Persistent:
Expiry: 3 months
Google – Ads provided by Google also may appear on this website. For more information, please read Google’s privacy and terms page as well as Google’s use of cookies in advertising.
Amazon – This website sometimes uses affiliate links to link to products on Amazon.com. If readers purchase items through these links, we may receive a small percentage of the purchase price. You can read Amazon’s privacy policy.
Google Analytics – We use this service to track statistics and monitor traffic on this website. It helps us to improve website functionality and performance. You can see Google’s privacy policy.
Jetpack – We use this Automatic-owned service in part to track statistics about what our readers do on our site. You can read their privacy policy.
Apester – We sometimes embed polls and quizzes in our posts that are provided by Apester. You can read their cookie policy and privacy policy.
From time to time, we embed information from social media services in our website, typically to augment our reporting in news posts. If you are concerned about what data they might collect from your viewing this embedded content, you may want to check out their individual policies.
Facebook – cookies policy and privacy policy.
Instagram – privacy policy.
Twitter – cookies policy and privacy policy.
YouTube – privacy policy.
Your Data
We take security and the privacy of your data very seriously. This website uses secure logins for administrators and utilizes Hyper Text Transfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS) for the encrypted and secure transfer of data between a reader’s browser and our server. Our data is backed up regularly and securely and our server monitored to protect against potential viruses and attacks. Should a breach occur, we will take immediate action. Should a breach of personal data occur, we will notify our readers (via a website post or email) of any personal data that has been compromised within 72 hours. We will take careful measures to ensure that a future breach does not occur.
As mentioned above, you may request to have your comments (and associated data), email subscription (and associated data), or contact form submission (and associated data) deleted from our system by emailing editor [@] tvseriesfinale.com. Please use the same email address so we can be sure that we are deleting the correct information.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Though the changes are likely to be minor, this document may be updated from time to time. We encourage readers to visit this page frequently to check for any changes to this page. Your further use of the Services after a change to our Privacy Policy will be subject to the updated policy.
We appreciate that you have taken the time to read this Privacy Policy. Thank you for being a reader of this site.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on May 24, 2018.
Fall 2020 Schedule
Cancelled TV Show Lists
Ratings (by TV Channel)
Status Lists of 800+ Shows
Cancellations
Renewals
One Day at a Time: Pop and CBS Reboot Staying Cancelled
Hoops: Cancelled, No Season Two for Animated Netflix Series
Feel Good: Season Two; Netflix Series Renewed for Final Year
Wilmore: Peacock Late-Night Series Ends, as Planned
45 Ending or Cancelled TV Shows for the 2020-21 Season
Superstore: Ending in 2021, No Season Seven for NBC Comedy Series
More...
The Great Christmas Light Fight: Season Nine Renewal for ABC Series
December 10, 2020
The Handmaid's Tale: Season Five; Hulu Series Given Early Renewal
December 10, 2020
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia: FXX Comedy Renewed for Four Years, Through Season 18
December 10, 2020
Industry: Season Two Renewal for HBO TV Series
December 10, 2020
How To with John Wilson: Season Two; HBO Renews Comic Docu-Series
December 10, 2020
For All Mankind: Season Three; Apple TV+ Astronaut Series Gets Early Renewal
December 8, 2020
More...
TV Ratings
Quick Questions
The CW 2020-21 Season Ratings (updated 12/10/20)
Devils: Season One Ratings
I Can See Your Voice: Season One Ratings
The Masked Singer: Season Four Ratings
FOX 2020-21 Season Ratings (updated 12/10/20)
More...
Salvation: Season Three? Should the CBS Summer Series Be Renewed?
September 18, 2018
Take Two: Season Two; Should the ABC TV Show Be Renewed?
September 13, 2018
Shooter: Season Four? Would You Watch the Cancelled Show on Another Channel?
September 13, 2018
Shades of Blue: Season Four? Would You Have Kept Watching the NBC Series?
August 20, 2018
Quantico: Season Four; Would You Have Watched More of the Cancelled ABC Series?
August 4, 2018
More...
The Latest
The Great Christmas Light Fight: Season Nine Renewal for ABC Series
The Handmaid's Tale: Season Five; Hulu Series Given Early Renewal
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia: FXX Comedy Renewed for Four Years, Through Season 18
Industry: Season Two Renewal for HBO TV Series
The L Word: Generation Q: Season Two Casting Announced for Showtime Series
Ty Breaker: Ty Pennington Takes on HGTV Stars in New Series
How To with John Wilson: Season Two; HBO Renews Comic Docu-Series
iCarly: Revival of Nickelodeon Series Ordered by Paramount+
David Makes Man: Season Two Directors and Recurring Cast Announced for OWN Series
Unpolished, My 600-lb Life, 1,000-lb Sisters: TLC TV Series Returning
Grown-ish: Season Three Resumes on Freeform in January (Video)
One Day at a Time: Pop and CBS Reboot Staying Cancelled
Home Economics: ABC Orders Siblings Comedy Starring Topher Grace
Hoops: Cancelled, No Season Two for Animated Netflix Series
Clarice: CBS Reveals Premiere Date for Silence of the Lambs Sequel Series
Tough As Nails: Season Two to Replace Survivor on CBS Spring 2021 Schedule
For All Mankind: Season Three; Apple TV+ Astronaut Series Gets Early Renewal
Home Town: Season Five Premiere Date Announced by HGTV
Euphoria: Second Special Episode Coming to HBO in January
More...Popular
FOX TV Shows: 2020-21 Viewer Votes
The CW TV Shows: 2020-21 Viewer Votes
CBS TV Shows: 2020-21 Viewer Votes
Viewer Votes Ranking for the 2020-21 Network TV Shows
ABC TV Shows: 2020-21 Viewer Votes
NBC TV Shows: 2020-21 Viewer Votes
The CW 2020-21 Season Ratings (updated 12/10/20)
FOX 2020-21 Season Ratings (updated 12/10/20)
CBS 2020-21 Season Ratings (updated 12/10/20)
ABC 2020-21 Season Ratings (updated 12/10/20)
NBC 2020-21 Season Ratings (updated 12/10/20)
OWN TV Show Ratings (updated 12/9/20)
Cancelled or Renewed? Status of ABC TV Shows
2020-21 TV Show Season Ratings (week 11)
2020-21 Season Ratings for New TV Shows (week 11)
Showtime TV Show Ratings (updated 12/8/20)
Starz TV Show Ratings (updated 12/8/20)
Soap Opera Ratings for the 2020-21 Season (updated 12/7/20)
45 Ending or Cancelled TV Shows for the 2020-21 Season