http://ugly-things.com/terms-conditions/
Home
Articles
Interviews
Stories
Gallery
Gone But Not Forgotten
Reviews
Albums
Books
DVD’s
60s Compilations
Search the Database
Fanzine Search
Garage Database (OLD Version)
Web Store
Subscribe to Ugly-Things
Back Issues
Vinyl Singles
Account Login
About
What is Ugly Things?
Where to buy Ugly Things
Press
30 Year Event
Craig Smith book
Swim Through the Darkness
Search:
Web Store
ENTER THE WEBSTORE
Featured News
Jan Savage 1942-2020
By Harvey Kubernik
Guitarist Jan Savage, who was born Buck Jan Reeder, of the American rock band the Seeds died in early August, according to a report in The Ada News and a subsequent Fac
View More
Featured Articles
Chris Hillman’s Time Between: My Life as a Byrd, Burrito Brother, and Beyond Autobiography Due
By Harvey Kubernik
CHRIS HILLMAN is arguably the primary architect of what's come to be known as country rock. On November 17, 2020 BMG Books will publish his autobiography Time Between:
View More
Who Reads Ugly Things?
Terms & Conditions
Ugly-Things.com
A Web Site operated by Ugly Things (“Us”). Your use of this Web Site is subject to the following Terms of Use, which you are deemed to accept by using the Web Site:
Content Disclaimer
The views and opinions contained on the Ugly forums, blogs and reader feedback areas are those of the individual authors and do not necessarily reflect the views or opinions of Ugly Things or any of its employees or contributors.
Content Rights
The copyright and all other rights in the material on this Web Site are owned by Us or are included with the permission of the owner of the rights. As a visitor to this Web Site, you may download a single copy of the material for your own private viewing purposes only. No copying or distribution for any commercial or business use is permitted without our prior written consent.
Information and Availability
Whilst We take every care to ensure that the information on this Web Site is accurate and complete, much of it is supplied to us by third parties and We are unable to check its accuracy or completeness. You are advised to verify the accuracy of any information before relying on it. Further, due to the inherent nature of the Internet, errors, interruptions and delays may occur in the service at any time. Accordingly, this Web Site is provided “AS IS” without any warranties of any kind and We do not accept any liability arising from any inaccuracy or omission in the information or interruption in availability.
Links to Other Sites
On this Web Site you may be offered automatic links to other web sites. Whilst We hope you will be interested in those web sites, you acknowledge that their owners may be independent from Us and We do not endorse or accept any responsibility for their content.
You may not include a link to our Web Site or display the contents of our Web Site surrounded or framed or otherwise surrounded by material not originating from us without our consent.
From time to time We may team up with other selected third parties to offer you the opportunity to purchase goods from Ugly Things Web Store. Such purchases will be with the named third party (and not with Us) and will be governed by the terms and conditions notified to you at the time of purchase.
We cannot and do not accept any responsibility or liability for any losses you may suffer as a result of entering into any transaction with any of our named partners (see above) or any third party.
Other Promotions
From time to time, We (or selected third parties) may include competitions, promotions or other offers on this Web Site. Each such offer shall be subject to its own express terms and may not be available in all jurisdictions.
Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy
Jump Onto Our Mailing List :
Join us on facebook
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Sitemap
About
Articles
News
Advertise With Us
© Copyright Ugly Things 2013. All right reserved.