https://uk.the-mousetrap.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Introduction
This website, controlled by Mousetrap Productions Ltd, provides marketing information about The Mousetrap. Mousetrap Productions Ltd is the Data Controller, for the purposes of Data Protection Law, regarding any personal information that is processed as a result of your visit to this website.
We are committed to providing you with relevant information about, and control over, how we process your personal information.
This policy explains what personal information we may record, why we do so, how you may control the use of your information and how we protect your information. Details of your legal rights and how to exercise them are also set out below.
This policy was last updated on Friday 31st July 2020 and any future changes to our policy will be reflected here.
Contacting us
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed by email to enquiries@stmartinstheatre.co.uk or by post to: Mousetrap Theatre Productions, 1st Floor, 11 Garrick Street, London WC2E 9AR.
What does this policy cover?
This Privacy Policy applies only to your use of this website. The policy does not include ticket purchases which are covered under the Spektrix Ltd equivalent available here. The website may contain links to other websites, please note that we have no control over how your data is collected, stored, or used by other websites; and we advise you to check the privacy policies of any such websites before providing any data to them.
What is personal data?
Personal data is defined by the General Data Protection Regulation (EU Regulation 2016/679) (the “GDPR”) and the Data Protection Act 2018 (collectively, “the Data Protection Legislation”) as ‘any information relating to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified in particular by reference to an identifier’.
Personal data is, in simpler terms, any information about you that enables you to be identified. Personal data covers obvious information such as your name and contact details, but it also covers less obvious information such as identification numbers, electronic location data, and other online identifiers.
What personal information do we gather?
We or service providers working on our behalf, may collect the following types of information:
Device information including IP address, browser type and version, operating system and cookie IDs. The data is used to understand how people interact with the website and for other purposes as described below.
Usage information such as how frequently and how long you use our site and the content you view, which may be used to tailor our website, perform analytics, and provide advertising as further described below.
Contact information you provide to us such as email addresses only if you sign up for our newsletter or participate in our promotions as further described below.
Our legal basis for collecting personal information is your consent. We gain consent either when you approve our use of cookies and other tracking technologies when you use the website or when you specifically provide contact details to enter a promotion on the website and agree to further contact.
Why do we process your personal information?
We process your personal information gathered on this website in order to review and improve the site, marketing, and to improve it for future customers. The specific purposes for which we may process information, and the lawful basis on which we do so in each case, are set out below.
We will keep your information only for as long as it is necessary to fulfil the purposes described below unless a longer retention is required by law, after which we will delete or anonymise it. The period we keep your information will vary depending on your interactions with us. For example, we may keep a record of correspondence with us, for example, if you have made a subject access request, for as long as is legally necessary. Similarly, when you unsubscribe from our email newsletters or promotional emails, we will keep a record of your email address to ensure we do not send you marketing emails in the future.
We maintain procedural, technical, and physical safeguards to help protect against loss, misuse or unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction of the information you provide. These safeguards vary depending upon the sensitivity of the information we collect and store. Please be aware that no security solutions are infallible.
Tailoring this website to your needs
We want to make our website easy to personalise for you.  We use preference cookies to store your preferences, such as website language selection, so that you do not need to make the same selections every time you visit our website. These cookies, stored by your browser on your device, will retain your preference choices for up to 90 days, or until you delete them. We provide the ability to accept or reject cookies when you first visit the website and these preferences can also be changed at a later date, details of which are in the cookie policy.
Contacting you with marketing emails to keep you informed about our show
We want to help you to hear more about our show. We provide facilities on this site for you to sign up to receive email newsletters to learn more about the show. We will send such newsletters by email on the basis of your specific consent when you supply your email details. You can stop receiving these emails at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link which we will include in each email. Your information, and details of when you consented to receive marketing emails, will be stored in our marketing system and will be retained until the production finishes. We will not share this data with third parties for their own use, though we may engage appropriate suppliers to send emails on our behalf.
Improving the effectiveness of our website
We want to make sure that our website is successful in enabling people to learn about the show and to book tickets, and generally meets the needs of visitors. To do this we need to analyse how people use this site. Information like where visitors spend time and on which pages helps us make improvements. For example, we may use an analytics service to understand how you and other visitors use our website, for example recording in what order pages are visited and how long is spent on each, so that we may improve the website in future. The lawful basis on which we process this information is your consent. You may remove your consent at any time by clicking the Privacy Settings link at the bottom of the website pages.
Targeting and measuring the effectiveness of our digital marketing
We know that many people visit a show site several times to learn about the show, and dates when tickets are available, before deciding to book tickets.  We want to make sure that our digital advertisements on other websites and social media are seen by people likely to be interested in the show, including by visitors to this site who have not yet booked. We also want to understand the effectiveness of our advertising in encouraging visits to the website and ticket bookings so that we may improve it in future. For example, we may review the choice of advertising design and the websites and advertising networks used to reach possible customers. We may use available browsing history, including visits to this website, to identify people to whom we wish to show advertisements on websites operated by third parties and to record how many visitors are referred to our site from other sites. We may use third-party advertising tracking cookies to achieve this with your consent.
We respect any decision not to participate in personalised advertising, in which case third party sites may show you non-personalised advertising and you may still see advertisements for our show. You may opt out at any time by clicking the Privacy Settings link at the bottom of the website pages. Our tracking cookie information is not shared with third parties for their own use, though we may use it to reconcile advertising costs with the publishers of third-party sites.
Data transfers
The personal information collected while you use this website may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA). This may happen, for example, when the computer servers used to host the website or our advertising and marketing systems are located in a country outside the EEA. If we transfer your personal information outside of the EEA in this way, we will take steps to ensure that your privacy rights continue to be appropriately protected.
Do you share my personal data?
We may share data with service providers and advertising networks to provide the functions as described above. We will not share any of your personal data with any third parties for their own use or for any purposes, subject to the following exceptions:
In some limited circumstances, we may be legally required to share certain personal data, which might include yours, if we are involved in legal proceedings or complying with legal obligations, a court order, the instructions of a government authority, or to prevent fraud and protect the security of our site.
Your rights
We want to be transparent about how we process your data and to ensure that you can exercise your legal rights:
To be informed – via this Privacy Policy which sets out how we collect and process data
To access your data – please contact enquiries@stmartinstheatre.co.uk if you wish to confirm what data we hold about you
To have your data corrected – please contact enquiries@stmartinstheatre.co.uk if you feel that data held is incorrect and want this rectified
To have processing of your data ceased – please contact enquiries@stmartinstheatre.co.uk if you wish us to cease processing your data without erasing it
To have your data erased – please contact enquiries@stmartinstheatre.co.uk to request deletion of data that we hold about you
Data portability – we process data only to personalise our services to you, so do not consider it appropriate to pass your data to other organisations. Some banks and utilities offer facilities to switch accounts, but this is not applicable to our business
To object to processing of your data on the basis of legitimate interest or for statistical purposes – please contact enquiries@stmartinstheatre.co.uk, and/or use the Privacy Settings link at the bottom of website pages.
Complaints
To exercise all relevant rights, queries or complaints please in the first instance contact enquiries@stmartinstheatre.co.uk.
You also have the right to contact the Information Commissioners Office on 0303 123 1113 or via email https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/ or at the Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire. SK9 5AF. Before doing so, however, we would encourage you to first contact us directly to allow us an opportunity to resolve any concerns you may have.