https://unicorntheatre.org/terms-of-use/
DONATE NOW
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
TERMS OF USE
Last updated:  September 4, 2019
Please read these Terms and Conditions (“Terms”, “Terms and Conditions”) carefully before using the http://www.unicorntheatre.org website (the “Service”) operated by Unicorn Theatre (“us”, “we”, or “our”). Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned upon your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who wish to access or use the Service. By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms, then you do not have permission to access the Service.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
The Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of Unicorn Theatre and its licensors. The Service is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and foreign countries. Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service without the prior written consent of Unicorn Theatre.
LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES
Our Service may contain links to third party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Unicorn Theatre. Unicorn Theatre has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. We do not warrant the offerings of any of these entities/individuals or their websites. You acknowledge and agree that Unicorn Theatre shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such third party web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third party web sites or services that you visit.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Unicorn Theatre and its licensee and licensors, and their employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney’s fees), resulting from or arising out of a) your use and access of the Service, or b) a breach of these Terms.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
In no event shall Unicorn Theatre., nor its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Service; (ii) any conduct or content of any third party on the Service; (iii) any content obtained from the Service; and (iv) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal theory, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
DISCLAIMER
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
Unicorn Theatre, its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure or available at any
particular time or location; b) any errors or defects will be corrected; c) the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components; or d) the results of using the Service will meet your requirements.
EXCLUSIONS
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so the limitations above may not apply to you.
GOVERNING LAW
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Missouri, United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have had between us regarding the Service.
CHANGES
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material, we will provide at least 30 days’ notice prior to
any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion. By continuing to access or use our Service after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use the Service.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about these Terms of Use, please contact us.
Unicorn Theatre
3828 Main Street
Kansas City, Missouri 64111
Phone: 816-531-PLAY (7529)
Email: unicornnews@unicorntheatre.org
3828 Main Street
Kansas City, Missouri 64111
816-531-PLAY (7529)
HOME
Our Donors
Join Our Email List
ABOUT
Staff
Vision and Mission
Board of Directors
Work With Us
SHOWS
The Eight: Reindeer Monologues
In-Progress New Play Reading Series
Quarantine Confessions
2020-2021 Season Tickets & Memberships
SUPPORT US
Donate
Volunteer
Donors
CONTACT
Address/Phone/Email
Contact Staff
Hours
Directions
© 2020 Unicorn Theatre.
All Rights Reserved.Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Sitemap
Home
SHOWS
The Eight: Reindeer Monologues
In-Progress New Play Reading Series
Quarantine Confessions
2020-2021 Season Tickets & Memberships
Plan Your Visit
Box Office
Pay What U Can
Parking
Support Us
Donate
Volunteer
Donors
History
Unicorn History
Production History
About Us
Staff
Vision and Mission
Board of Directors
Work With Us
Contact
DONATE NOW
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. By continuing to use our website, you agree to the use of cookies.
If you would like to know more about cookies and how to manage them please view our Privacy Policy.I AGREE