https://utahsymphony.org/privacy-policy/
View Performance Calendar Updates
Privacy Policy
Updated February 25, 2019
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we make this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. Should you have questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please contact the Abravanel Hall Ticket Office at 1 (801) 533-6683.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on Utah Symphony | Utah Opera (USUO) company websites. It does not apply to information collected on third-party websites linked to from USUO websites. On some pages, you can order products, make donations, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Billing & Mailing Address
Email address
Company
Phone number
Credit/Debit Card Information
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you make a donation on behalf of an individual, you will need to submit information about another person. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
Name
Address
Phone Number
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order, making a request, or making a donation to complete that order, request, or donation. We do not share this information with outside parties with the exception of circumstances described in this policy. We may use the information provided to contact you by phone, mail, or email for marketing and fundraising purposes. We may share information collected with business partners who operate venues where we hold events. These business partners use this information as described in their privacy policies, which may include marketing and fundraising communications.You can asked to be removed from marketing and fundraising lists by contacting the Abravanel Hall Ticket Office at 1 (801) 533-6683.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive marketing materials related to USUO.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website.
We use third-party vendors, including Google, to show advertisements for our organization on the internet. These vendors use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visit to our website. You may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by contacting the Abravanel Hall Ticket Office at 1 (801) 533-6683.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.