https://utahsymphony.org/terms-of-use/
View Performance Calendar Updates
Terms of Use
Updated September 5, 2017
TERMS OF USE AGREEMENT & LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Use of Utah Symphony | Utah Opera (USUO) websites are subject to the following Terms of Use Agreement & Limitation of Liability (TOS). USUO reserves the right to update the TOS at any time without notice. By accessing a USUO-owned website, you acknowledge and agree to these limitations and our online privacy policy as set forth. This agreement applies to all websites owned and operated by USUO.
Copyright © 2007-2018 Utah Symphony | Utah Opera. All Rights Reserved
All aspects of this web site – design, text, graphics, applications, software, underlying source code and all other aspects – are copyright Utah Symphony | Utah Opera and its affiliates or content and technology providers.
In accessing these web pages, you agree that any downloading of content is for personal, non-commercial reference only. No part of this web site may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without prior permission of the Website Owner.
For rights clearance please contact the USUO Marketing Department at (801) 869-9067.
Information on the Website
Whilst every effort is made to update the information contained on this website, neither USUO nor any third party or data or content provider make any representations or warranties, whether express, implied in law or residual, as to the sequence, accuracy, completeness or reliability of information, opinions, any share price information, research information, data and/or content contained on the website (including but not limited to any information which may be provided by any third party or data or content providers) (“information”) and shall not be bound in any manner by any information contained on the website. the Website Owner reserves the right at any time to change or discontinue without notice, any aspect or feature of this website. No information shall be construed as advice and information is offered for information purposes only. You and your company rely on the information contained on this website at your own risk. If you find an error or omission at this site, please let us know.
Trademarks
The trade marks, names, logos and service marks (collectively “trade marks”) displayed on this website are registered and unregistered trade marks of USUO. Nothing contained on this website should be construed as granting any licence or right to use any trademark without the prior written permission of USUO.
Links to Third-party Websites
This website contains links to third-party websites that are not operated by USUO. This TOS applies only to this website and not to the Third-party Websites. Hyperlinks to Third-party Websites are provided for reference and your convenience only and do not imply any review or association with the material on these Third-party Websites or any association with their operators. USUO does not control these Third-party Websites and is not responsible for their content. The Third-party Websites may contain information that is inaccurate, incomplete, or outdated. Your access and use of Third-party Websites is solely at your own risk.
User Submissions
The Website Owner is not responsible for any material submitted to the public areas by you. Any material (whether submitted by you or any other user) is not endorsed by USUO. USUO reserves the right to remove any material submitted or posted by you in the public areas, without notice to you.
Specific Use
You further agree not to use the website to send or post any message or material that is unlawful, harassing, defamatory, abusive, indecent, threatening, harmful, vulgar, obscene, sexually orientated, racially offensive, profane, pornographic or violates any applicable law and you hereby indemnify the Website Owner against any loss, liability, damage or expense of whatever nature which USUO or any third party may suffer which is caused by or attributable to, whether directly or indirectly, your use of the website to send or post any such message or material.
Warranties
The Website Owner makes no warranties, representations, statements or guarantees (whether express, implied in law or residual) regarding the website, the information contained on the website, your or your company’s personal information or material and information transmitted over our system.
Disclaimer of Liability
USUO shall not be responsible for and disclaims all liability for any loss, liability, damage (whether direct, indirect or consequential), personal injury or expense of any nature whatsoever which may be suffered by you or any third party, as a result of or which may be attributable, directly or indirectly, to your access and use of the website, any information contained on the website, your or your company’s personal information or material and information transmitted over our system. In particular, neither USUO nor any third party or data or content provider shall be liable in any way to you or to any other person, firm or corporation whatsoever for any loss, liability, damage (whether direct or consequential), personal injury or expense of any nature whatsoever arising from any delays, inaccuracies, errors in, or omission of any share price information or the transmission thereof, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon or occasioned thereby or by reason of non-performance or interruption, or termination thereof.
Use of the Website
The Website Owner does not make any warranty or representation that information on the website is appropriate for use in any jurisdiction. By accessing the website, you warrant and represent to the Website Owner that you are legally entitled to do so and to make use of information made available via the website.
Comments or Questions
If you have any questions, comments or concerns arising from the website, the privacy policy or any other relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices or the way in which we are handling your personal information please contact the USUO webmaster by calling (801) 869-9067.