http://uwf.edu/go/legal-and-consumer-info/
Skip to main content
Coronavirus Information:
uwf.edu/coronavirus
University of West Florida
Quicklinks
Alumni
Online Support
MyUWF
Offices & Services
Departments
Search People
ITS Help Desk
Libraries
Registrar
Research
Maps & Directions
Military & Veterans
Employment
Emerald Coast
Textbooks
Menu
AdmissionsAcademicsCampus LifeAthleticsOnlineAbout UWF
MyUWF
Search
ADA Compliance
Our office is responsible for ensuring campus-wide compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (ADA), Amendment Act of 2008 (ADAAA), and the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as such, directly responds to faculty, staff and public requests for reasonable accommodations and indirectly to student requests.
ADA Programs
Sexual Violence at UWF - Title IX
The Office of Title IX Programs handles complaints of sexual violence (rape, sexual assault, dating violence, and domestic violence), sexual misconduct (stalking and sexual harassment), and gender-based discrimination. The office also provides resources to the UWF campus community.
File a Title IX Complaint
Student Achievement
As an institution accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges (SACSCOC), the University of West Florida (UWF) is obligated to provide to its students, constituents, and the public information about "its goals for student achievement and the success of students in achieving those goals. Information on student success may include reliable information on retention, graduation, course completion, licensure examinations, and job placement rates and other measures of student success appropriate to institutional mission."
More SACSCOC Information
Florida Sunshine Law and Public Records
As stewards of state and federal resources, the University of West Florida is required to provide access to public records in accordance with Chapter 119 of the Florida Statutes. This means at any time an individual can request to inspect and/ or be provided copies of any public record. For more information and guidance on Florida's Sunshine Law and Public Records Requests, please visit our Florida Sunshine Law website:
Florida Sunshine Law
The Office of the General Counsel is designated as the office responsible for managing and overseeing public records requests made pursuant to Chapter 119, Florida Statutes. The Office of the General Counsel can be contacted at:
Office of the General CounselBuilding 1011000 University PkwyPensacola, FL 32514
850.474.3420gcfrontdesk@uwf.edu
US Department of Defense Visual Information Disclaimer
Department of Defense Visual Information may not be used in a manner that could imply endorsement of an individual, for-profit business, non-profit organization, or any other non-Federal entity (including DoD contractors), product, or service. This applies to both domestic and international users. Endorsement of a non-Federal entity, event, product, service, or enterprise may be neither stated nor implied.
The appearance of U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) visual information does not imply or constitute DoD endorsement.
UWF Consumer Information - HEOA
Each institution must annually provide to all enrolled students a notice of the availability of the information that is required to be made available to students under the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 (Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act or "FERPA"), and under The Higher Education Act of 1965 (HEA), as amended by the Higher Education Opportunity Act of 2008 (HEOA).
HEOA Information
University Regulations
View all Current, Emergency and Archived Regulations
University Policies
View all Current, Draft and Archived Policies
Internet Privacy Statement
Sets forth University of West Florida's practice concerning privacy of information posted on the university's internet facilities.
Internet Privacy Statement
State Authorization
State Authorization of Distance Education is a complex and dynamic environment. Prospective students should check this site often for updates.
Check State Authorization Now
Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA)
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) is a federal that was law enacted in 1998 to update U.S. copyright law for the digital age. Among its provisions, the DMCA outlines certain measures that online service providers (such as UWF) are required to take in order to combat copyright infringement.
To contact UWF’s designated DMCA Agent, or to learn more about UWF’s effort to combat copyright infringement, please visit our dedicated DMCA webpage.
DMCA Information
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
The General Data Protection Regulation is a privacy law that applies to the personal information collected in or from the European Union (EU), or that is related to goods or services offered in the EU, or that involves the monitoring of individuals in the EU.
GDPR Information
UWF GDPR Privacy Notice
University of West Florida11000 University Pkwy, Pensacola, FL 32514
850.474.2000
© The University of West Florida, .
All Rights Reserved.
Give to UWFLegal & Consumer InfoText OnlyRegulations & PoliciesMaps & DirectionsAccessibility
Feedback
UWF Facebook
UWF Twitter
UWF Instagram
UWF You Tube
UWF ZeeMee
Feedback
×
Fill out my online form.