https://va-rep.org/privacy.html
About Us
Virtual VaRep
Get Tickets
Plan Your Visit
Support Us
Audience Access
Education
Tour
News
About
Contact
Staff/Board
New Plays
History
Past Productions
Community Health + Wellness
At-Home Activities
StageConnect
Bedtime Stories
Monologues
Dark Night Duets
Buy Online
Box Office
Subscriptions
Group Sales
Gift Certificates
Savings Program
November Theatre
Theatre Gym
Hanover Tavern
Children's Theatre
FAQ
Accessibility
Weather
Rentals
Donate Online
Ways to Give
Annual Report
Volunteer
Anything Goes Gala
Free-View Lottery
Rep 35
Community Tickets
Tickets for Fundraising
For the Blind
Sensory Friendly
Hearing Loop
At-Home Activities
Camps
Classes & Programs
For Educators
Internships
University Partnerships
FIELD
In Schools
Field Trips
Arts Presenters
Hugs and Kisses
Study Guides
Coronavirus
Press Room
Get our Enews
Good News Friday
Blog
Auditions
Employment
Privacy Policy
Online Sales Policy
Privacy Policy
Virginia Repertory Theatre
Policy last updated Mach 2, 2020
Virginia Rep shares general statistics about our subscriber base – such as the number of subscribers and percentages of subscribers by zip code. This does not include any information about individuals. For information on more specific data that is stored or shared, please see below.
Emails
When you email us, a copy of your email is saved in our Google Business account which is password protected. (See Google’s privacy policy). Any emails sent to us are protected by that staff member's password.
eNewsletter
Virginia Rep does not share or sell emails from our eNewsletter list to other organizations,
with the exception of our partner, Cadence Theatre Company, who produce the Cadence Season at Theatre Gym in association with Virginia Rep. You may unsubscribe at any time by clicking the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of our emails.
Wordfly sends out our eNewsletter emails. They keep a copy of your name, email address, city, and state - if provided by you at time of sign up. Virginia Rep staff access to this information is password protected and limited to our marketing staff. For Wordlfy's privacy policy - please see https://www.wordfly.com/privacy-policy/.
Ticket Purchase
We do not share personal information or lists of our ticket buyers with outside organizations.
When you purchase tickets or season subscriptions through our box office, your name and contact information and ticket purchase information are saved electronically in our ticketing system which is hosted on Tessitura's server. That server is protected by a firewall and password protection. Data is encrypted, and the encryption key is updated annually.
Donations
When you send in a donation, we keep the name, contact information and the amounts of donations. This information is stored in filing cabinets, and electronically in our ticketing system. The cabinets that contain those files are located in a locked room to which only authorized staff have a key. The ticketing system is protected by a firewall and by password.
If a donor wants to remain anonymous or be removed from our mailing lists, we always oblige, no questions asked. We do not share any of our individual donor lists with any other organization. We do provide foundations, corporations and government entities with lists of our primary institutional funders, but this does not include address/contact or account information -- only the institutions' names and in some cases, gift amounts.
We sometimes submit teacher surveys (which contain teacher/principal names and sometimes email addresses) and student feedback with grant proposals to demonstrate to potential funders the effectiveness of and appreciation for our programming. If students have written their names or other personal information on their letters or artwork, we black out everything but their first name. Copies are stored in a locked room to which only authorized staff have a key.
Third Party Activity Tracking
We generate targeted ads via NBC12, who track visitors to our show pages. (NBC12's privacy policy is here.) If you visit a show page on our site, you may subsequently see an ad for that show on third party sites such as (but not limited to) Facebook.
Updates
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in this Privacy Policy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes to this Policy page to notify you of these changes.