https://vaopera.org/about/legal/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
For each visitor to our website, our web server automatically recognizes that visitor’s domain name. Our web server does not recognize the visitor’s e-mail address.
We collect the e-mail addresses of those visitors who communicate with us via e-mail. We aggregate the information that we collect, including the web pages that visitors access or visit, and other information provided voluntarily by visitors, solely for our own internal use and review, in order to improve the content of our website.
When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information, such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server.
If you supply us with your postal and/or e-mail address, you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on our upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive mail or e-mail from us in the future, please let us know via e-mail at info@vaopera.org. In doing so, please provide us with your exact name and your postal and/or e-mail address, so that we may remove your name from our lists as soon as possible. Please allow at least 30 days for updates to take effect.
This website contains links to third party websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such third party websites.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact us at info@vaopera.org.
Terms of Use
The information contained on this website is provided by Virginia Opera for general information purposes only. While we endeavor to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability, or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website, for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
Your continued access to this website indicates your agreement and acceptance of these terms. If you do not accept these terms, do not access or use this website or download any materials from this website.
Please feel free to browse this website; be advised, however, that your access to and use of this website is subject to these terms and all applicable laws.
This website shall be used for lawful purposes only. Any illegal use, including without limitation the transmission or posting of illegal or copyrighted material, is prohibited.
You may not post or transmit through this website any information or material that, in any way, violates or infringes the rights of others.
You may not post or transmit through this website any comments or materials that, in Virginia Opera’s sole judgment, are threatening, abusive, defamatory, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, vulgar, obscene, profane, harassing, or otherwise objectionable.
You may not post or transmit through this website any information or material that encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to liability, or otherwise violate any law or administrative ruling or guidelines, that is in violation of these Terms, or that, without Virginia Opera’s prior written approval, contains any advertising or solicitation with respect to products or services.
Any conduct by you that, in Virginia Opera’s sole judgment, restricts or inhibits any other user from using or enjoying the Virginia Opera website will not be permitted.
Copyright
This website contains information and material that is protected by international copyright, trademark, and other laws. Virginia Opera owns all copyrights in the overall selection, coordination, arrangement, and enhancement of such content, and owns the rights in, or has license to use, the individual components of such content.
The content and materials on this website, including without limitation the text, images, audio, and video, may not be copied, reproduced, republished, modified, uploaded, posted, decompiled, reverse engineered, disassembled, transmitted or distributed in any way or form, except where permission to distribute has been expressly granted by Virginia Opera. In such instances, the content and materials approved for distribution shall be clearly labeled as such, and distribution shall be strictly subject to any terms provided by Virginia Opera, including without limitation those governing any copyrights, trademarks, proprietary notices, and/or author attributions. Any such permission to distribute granted by Virginia Opera shall not constitute a transfer of ownership of any content or materials. You acknowledge and agree that you shall not acquire any license, ownership, or other rights to any content or materials through your use of this website.
Modification or use of the content and materials on this website for any purpose other than is expressly provided herein or granted by Virginia Opera is a violation of Virginia Opera’s and/or others’ copyright, trademark, and/or other proprietary rights, and may violate other laws.
The use of the content and materials from this website on any other website or networked computer or environment, without Virginia Opera’s express written consent, is prohibited. If you breach any of these terms, your authorization to use this website automatically terminates. You acknowledge and agree that, in such event, you must immediately destroy any downloaded or printed content or materials.
Disclaimer
This website, its content and materials, and all related communications are provided “as is,” and without any representations or warranties, express or implied, of any kind, including without limitation warranties of merchantability, non-infringement, or fitness for a particular purpose.
Virginia Opera assumes no responsibility and shall not be liable for any damages of any nature caused by your use of this website. This express disclaimer includes any damages caused by viruses, worms, Trojans, or any other computer software or anomaly that may infect, affect, or damage your computer hardware, software, memory or any other property of yours or others, as a result of your access to or use of this website.
Third-Party Websites
Virginia Opera may provide, as a convenience to you, links to websites and content operated or controlled by third parties. Virginia Opera makes no representations whatsoever regarding any such third party websites or content that you may access through this website. The provision of a link on this website to third party website does not imply Virginia Opera’s endorsement of that third party website or its content, and Virginia Opera accepts no responsibility for any such content, or your use of the third party website.
If you access or use any third party websites to which this website links, you do so at your own risk. Virginia Opera makes no warranty or representation regarding, and does not sponsor or endorse, any linked websites, any content or materials appearing thereon, or any products and services described or offered thereon.
Furthermore, the provision of a link on this website to a third party website does not imply that Virginia Opera is affiliated or associated with that third party website, or that the website is authorized to use any trademark, trade name, logo, copyright, or other intellectual property of Virginia Opera.
Third-Party Content
Any opinions, statements, services, offers or other information or content expressed or made available on any third party website by any third party are those of the respective author(s) or distributor(s), and not of Virginia Opera.
Limitation of Liability
Your access and use of this website is at your own risk. If you are dissatisfied with any of the content or materials found on this website, or with any of these terms, we welcome your comments and feedback through appropriate channels. You acknowledge and agree, however, that your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using this website. Under no circumstances will Virginia Opera be liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, special or punitive damages whatsoever arising out of your access to, use of, inability to use, or the results of the use of this website, or any third party websites to which this website links.
Virginia Opera shall have no liability or responsibility for any acts, omissions, or conduct of any user or third party.
Information You Provide
By submitting information and material, including text, photographs, audio, and/or visual recordings, to this website, you automatically grant to Virginia Opera (or warrant that the owner of such information and material expressly grants to Virginia Opera) a royalty-free, perpetual, and unrestricted right and license to use and display that information or material in any way. You also acknowledge and agree that Virginia Opera may use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques that you send Virginia Opera in any form, and for any purpose.
As stated above, your continued access and use of this website indicates your acknowledgement and agreement not to provide any information or materials to Virginia Opera that are defamatory, threatening, obscene, harassing, in violation of any law, or that comprise proprietary information or materials of another person or entity. You may not upload, post, or otherwise make available on this website any information or material protected by copyright, trademark, or other proprietary right without the express written permission of the owner of such information or material, or the right(s) thereto. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely liable for any damages resulting from any infringement of copyright, proprietary rights, or any other harm resulting from such a submission.
Changes
Virginia Opera reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to revise these terms at any time, and to correct any errors or omissions in any portion of this website and its content. Virginia Opera is under no obligation, however, to update any portion of this website, or any such content. Virginia Opera may also make changes in the products, operas, artists, dates, services, programs, or prices described on the Virginia Opera website at any time without notice. Your continued use of the Virginia Opera website after any change Virginia Opera makes will be considered acceptance of those changes. You should revisit these terms from time to time to review the current terms because they are binding on you.
Contact
If you have any questions about these terms, or if you believe any content or material on this website infringes your copyright(s) or other proprietary rights, please contact us at info@vaopera.org.
Credits
Madama Butterfly photo by Anne. M. Peterson
The Valkyire photos by David A. Beloff
Rappahannock County photos by David Polston
The Mikado photos by David A. Beloff
Hansel & Gretel photos by David Polston
Aida photos by David Polston
About
About Virginia Opera
Contact
Statewide Board of Directors
Regional Boards of Governors
Opportunities
Auditions
Herndon Foundation Emerging Artists Program
Performance History
Legal
Close
ExperienceExperience2020-2021 Season Update
Stayin’ Alive: Virginia Opera’s Alternate Fall
Ticket Policies
Prism Society Young Professionals
VenuesNorfolkHarrison Opera House
RichmondDominion Energy Center
FairfaxGMU’s Center for the Arts
SubscriptionsEventsCalendar
Holiday Concert
Support
Individual Giving
Corporate Sponsorships
Virginia Opera Guild
Learn
In-School Touring
Student Night@ the Opera
Press
News & Reviews
Press Releases
Galleries
About
Contact
Statewide Board of Directors
Regional Boards of Governors
Opportunities
Auditions
Herndon FoundationEmerging Artists Program
Production Rentals
Stay in the Know
Black Lives Matter Statement