https://vicfirth.zildjian.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICYZildjian Data Protection and Privacy Policy
We have created this privacy policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy and the protection of your information. We believe in transparency, and we’re committed to being upfront about our privacy practices, including how we treat your personal information.
Why did you receive a mailing from us? Our email marketing is permission based. If you received a mailing from us, our records indicate that (a) you have expressly shared this address for the purpose of receiving information in the future ("opt-in"), or (b) you have registered or purchased or otherwise have an existing relationship with us. We respect your time and attention by controlling the frequency of our mailings.
If you believe you have received unwanted, unsolicited email sent via this system or purporting to be sent via this system, please forward a copy of that email with your comments to zcustomercare@zildjian.com for review.
Sharing and Usage
We will never share, sell, or rent individual personal information with anyone for their promotional use without your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law. Information submitted to us is only available to employees managing this information for purposes of contacting you or sending you emails based on your request for information, and to contracted service providers for purposes of providing services relating to our communications with you.
Cookies We Collect
See the Cookie Settings page for the full list of cookies we collect and to make any adjustments.
Use of Clear Gifs (Web Beacons/Web Bugs)
Zildjian uses a third party software as its email marketing platform. They employ a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs), that help us better manage the Website and Subscription Service by informing us what content is effective. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user's computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages or in emails and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. We use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. We tie the information gathered by clear gifs in emails to our customers' Personal Information. If you would like to opt-out of these emails, please see "Opting Out and Unsubscribing".
Web Beacons can be refused when delivered via email. If you do not wish to receive Web Beacons via email, you will need to disable HTML images or refuse HTML (select Text only) emails via your email software.
Website Analytics
We use web analytics tools provided by service partners such as Google Analytics, and Hubspot to collect information about how you interact with our website or mobile applications, including what pages you visit, what operating system and web browser you use and network and IP information. We use the information provided by these tools to improve our Services. These tools place persistent cookies in your browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit our website. Each cookie cannot be used by anyone other than the service provider (ex: Google for Google Analytics). The information collected from the cookie may be transmitted to and stored by these service partners on servers in a country other than the country in which you reside. Though information collected does not include personal data such as name, address, billing information, etc., the information collected is used and shared by these service providers in accordance with their individual privacy policies. You can control the technology by utilizing settings in your browser or third-party tools.
Opting Out and Unsubscribing: How can you stop receiving email from us?
Each email sent contains an easy, automated way for you to cease receiving email from us, or to change your expressed interests. If you wish to do this, simply follow the Unsubscribe links at the end of any email.
Security of your Personal Information
Zildjian does not store personal information on our servers. We use third party companies who use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. They secure the Personal Information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When sensitive Personal Information that is collected on our Websites and/or transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Social Media Features
Our Website, blogs and emails may contain links that include Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the “Share This” button or interactive mini-programs that run on our sites. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Websites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these features. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy and other policies of the companies providing them.
Contests and Promotions, Z-Club
Zildjian offers an enriched experience for internet users though social media and our website. Occasionally, we run contests or promotions on our social media properties, websites or other online avenues. By participating in any such promotions, you acknowledge that Zildjian will not use your personal contact information for any purpose outside of contacting you regarding the promotion unless you explicitly give your permission for Zildjian, or explicitly give your permission for a partner company to do so (ex: subscribing to a newsletter via a manual check box on the entry form).
User Generated Content (UGC)
From time to time, social media fans and followers may be encouraged to provide user generated content (UGC). Should you provide text, photos, videos, product suggestions or any other UGC to Zildjian via any of our direct uploads or #hashtag campaigns, you give Zildjian the right to develop, manufacture, reproduce, redistribute, or create derivative works from that content for any purpose without further obligation to you.
Public Forums
We offer publicly accessible commenting on our blog. Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose any information through your comments, this information may be collected and used by others. We can correct or delete any information you have posted on a blog, if you so request, by emailing detail to zcustomercare@zildjian.com
GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation)
Zildjian is doing all we can to comply with the EU GDPR measurements put in place May 25th, 2018. Because we respect the privacy of all our friends, these measurements are in effect for citizens inside and outside of the EU. Zildjian will honor any requests for removal of customer data from our system. Please email GDPR@zildjian.com to request removal.
Privacy Policy Changes
This policy was updated May 2018.
Zildjian, the stylized Zildjian logo, Avedis Zildjian Co., the Avedis Zildjian Co. and Design logo all are registered trademarks of the Avedis Zildjian Company | ©2018 Avedis Zildjian Co.
Compare
Compare
up to 4 items
Remove All
Compare