https://viennachoralsociety.org/terms-and-conditions/
Home
Events
Blog
Join Us
Friends of VCS
Support
Donate
About
Last updated: August 13, 2019
Refunds, Returns, and Cancellation Policies
Like most charitable organizations, VCS does not issue refunds. Therefore all financial transactions including donations to the Friends of VCS, payment of registration fees, purchase of repertoire (i.e, sheet music that singers need to perform at concerts), or purchase of sponsorships are considered non-refundable and cannot be returned or cancelled.
Privacy Policy:
Who we are
The Vienna Choral Society of Northern Virginia (“VCS”) operates https://www.viennachoralsociety.org. It is VCS’ policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. VCS is registered in the Commonwealth of Virginia.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
We collect personally identifiable information, such as name, mailing address, phone number, and email address, from website visitors who wish to make a contribution to the Friends of VCS, who wish to become members of the Vienna Choral Society via PayPal, or who wish to be added to our mailing list. We ask for consent to collect this data and we use it for customer service purposes – such as thank you letters, acknowledgement of contributions or registration fees, and sending logistical information to our members.  We do not sell, rent or lease our donor list, membership list, or mailing list to third parties. We collect personally identifiable information from you only if you voluntarily provide the information to us, and indicate your consent.
Analytics & Non-personally Identifiable Information:
Like most websites, VCS collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. VCS’ purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how visitors use our website.
Web browser cookies:
We use first-party cookies (such as Google Analytics) on our website. A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. VCS uses cookies to help VCS identify and track visitors, their usage of VCS’s website, and their website access preferences. Cookies allow us to measure web statistics, such as the number of visitors to our site, the number of repeat users, and the most popular web pages. We do not use cookies to track a visitor’s activity on an individual basis. You may modify your browser settings to decline cookies (or to alert you when cookies are being sent). If you do so, note that some parts of the website might not function properly.
Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting:We have implemented and use Google Analytics code to gather third-party audience data (such as age, gender, and interest) for tracking and marketing efforts. Such code does not collect any personally identifiable information. You can opt out of this tracking by using the Google Ads Preference Manager: http://www.google.com/settings/ads/. You can also get the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Individual Cookie Settings
Internet browsers allow you to change your cookie settings. These settings are usually found in the ‘options’ or ‘preferences’ menu of your internet browser. In order to understand these settings, the following links may be helpful. Otherwise you should use the ‘Help’ option in your internet browser for more details.
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Safari
If you wish to withdraw your consent at any time, you will need to delete your cookies using your internet browser settings.
What rights you have over your data
You can ask to be removed from our mailing or other contact lists and you can request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. Please send an email to info@viennachoralsociety.org.
Data Breaches
This website encrypts the information you send on the internet as it is passed from your browser to the destination web server. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted through the website or over email; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will take appropriate technical and organizational measures to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft and unauthorized use, access or modification. Should a data breach occur, we will report this fact to you within 72 hours.
Links
This website may contain links to other websites, such as EventBrite (for ticket sales), MailChimp (for mailing lists), and SurveyMonkey (for surveys). We cannot be held responsible for their content or the information they collect. We are not responsible for the privacy policies of other websites that are linked to us. You should consult the privacy policies at those sites to determine how your information may be used. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected on the VCS website.
Changes to this Statement
We may occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect company and customer feedback. When such changes are made, we will update the “Last Updated” date above.
Contact Information
If you have questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact us at 703-349-7150, or info@viennachoralsociety.org
About
Welcome to VCS! We are a teaching, non-audition choir where all voices and skill levels are welcome. We invite you to learn more about who we are, what we do, and if there's a place for you in our choir.
More questions? Drop us a line at
Click
here
for our terms and conditions
For Singers
Active choir members, find what you need here for rehearsal tracks, registration and dues, any membership updates, section leader information,
Friends of VCS info, and more.
Contact
703-349-7150
PO Box 310, Vienna, VA 22183
Sponsorship
Would you like to sponsor us? We have a loyal, growing, diverse, educated, and discerning audience that considers it worth supporting the arts.
Be part of this community! Email us with the word 'sponsorship' in the subject line at