https://vincentdegroot.com/privacy-policy-copyright/
Privacy Policy & Copyright
1. Purpose of this website
The purpose of this website (https://vincentdegroot.com) is to promote the work of Vincent de Groot. The the content shown on this website is fine-art and reportage (photojournalism).
2. Legal responsible person
The owner and administrator of this website is Vincent de Groot, he can be reached via the contact form of this website.
3. Privacy policy
You are a valuable visitor it is important to take care about YOUR personal data. The privacy policy of this website shall make transparent, what personal data is collect and disclosure the reasons. If you have any concern, please use the contact form on this website.
3.1 What personal data we collect and why is it collected?
3.1.1 Comments provided by you
When you leave comments on the website, we collect the data shown in the comments form of this website. In the backend your IP address and browser user agent string is used to help spam detection, this information is NOT provided any the visitor of the website and NOT sold to 3rd party.
An anonymized string created from your e-mail address (also called a hash) is provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The so called Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. Your e-mail address will NEVER be published on our website.
After the approval of your comment, your Gravatar profile picture, the provided comment and website you submitted will be visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Comments are moderated by us. If you want a comment to be deleted use the contact form or a reply to the own comment to request this. This also can be done if a comment refers you your personal data.
3.1.2 Contact form
The contact form sends an e-mail to the administrator (Vincent de Groot) of this website. In the backend your IP address and browser user agent string is used to help spam detection.
3.1.3 Cookies stored on your side
If you leave a comment on our site your name, e-mail address and website are stored in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies are discarded after one year.
If you have a user account for this website and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in as a user of this website, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
3.1.4 How long we retain your data?
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue. If you want a comment to be deleted use the contact form to request this.
3.1.2 User accounts
For users that register for a user account, we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. Registered users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). The website administrator can also see and edit that information.
If you have a user account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
3.1.5 Third party websites collecting your data
We use several 3rd party services that might collect your data. This section lists the 3rd party services and their privacy policy or terms and conditions.
3.1.5.1 Google Fonts and Analytics
This website uses Google Fonts and Google Analytics. The Google privacy policy can be found here.
3.1.5.2 YouTube
This website includes YouTube videos. After clicking on the video embedded content hosted by YouTube is made visible, this video behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the YouTube website. By using this website you agree to the YouTube Terms and conditions.
YouTube may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
3.1.5.3 OneSignal push notifications
This website offers OneSignal push notifications,  the OneSignal privacy policy can be found here.
3.1.5.4 WordPress Likes and Follow
If on this website you use the WordPress Like and Follow feature you are logged in in WordPress.com, by this you have agreed to the Automattic terms and conditions.
3.1.5.4 Subscribe newsletter
We use Mailpoet, their terms and conditions can be found here.
3.1.6 Monetizing and sharing your personal data
We NEVER will sell or share any collected personal data.
4. What to do if you don’t like to see a picture on this website?
This website shows images (photos, videos) of people in a fine-art or reportage (photojournalism) context. In case you find an image you would like it to be removed; please use the contact form on this website to get it removed.
5. Copyright
5.1 Copyright and licensing of content provided by the author
Copyright owner of text, images and multi-media content is Vincent de Groot. If you want to license content please use the contact form for your requests. More on copyright here.
5.2 Copyright owned by 3rd party
This website is build with a content management system (WordPress), for customization we use a theme and various plugins. The copyright for these components remain with the original authors.
6. Links to external content
This website may link to third party websites/services, we are not responsible for the content and services provided. Additional content (e.g. advertising or links to e-commerce pages) might be shown. We are can not be held responsible for this additional content.
7. Miscellaneous
We tried to be as transparent as possible, if you feel we’ve missed something or have any concern please use the contact form on this website. We are more than happy to solve any issue, again YOUR privacy is important to us.
—  Saint Louis, France, October 6th,2018
Site News
Please leave this field emptyGet informed about updates of this site.
First name
Last name
Email *
Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.
FollowFollow the blog with your wordpress.com account.
Follow Vincent de Groot on WordPress.com
Blog updates
Enter your email address to subscribe to the blog.
Join 287 other subscribers
Email Address
Subscribe
Search
Search for:
Social
Flickr
Twitter
YouTube
Facebook
Copyright and privacy policy
This website uses cookies and 3rd party services to improve your experience. We assume you're ok with this: Accept Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.