https://visura.co/terms/privacy
Visura Privacy Policy
Visura.co is a virtual home for photography and media that offers its key players software tools and resources to further their work, mission and career. You must be registered to access the complete archive, utilize our software services, and access our resources.
Information Collection and Use Practices
You can choose to make your photos public for anyone to access, restrict access to a limited number of other Visura users, or keep those photos private so only you can access them.
Privacy Policy
Use of our Platform by Children
We encourage parents to take an active interest in their children’s use of the Internet. This Platform is not designed or intended for minors 17 years of age or younger; you must be 18 years of age or older to create an account on the Platform. In addition, this Platform is not designed or intended to collect and retain personal information from children who are under 13 years of age.
However, there may from time to time be contests or other activities on the Platform that do not require an account and that are open to all ages, including children under 13. In such situations we will not knowingly collect and retain information from children under 13 without parental consent, except in limited circumstances authorized under the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”).
What is Personal Information?
Personal information specifically identifies an individual, such as an individual’s name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, credit card or other account number—and information about that individual’s activities when directly linked to him or her, such as information about his or her purchases.
Personal information also includes demographic information, such as date of birth, gender, geographic area and preferences when such information is linked to other personal information that identifies an individual.
Personal information does not include “aggregate” information. Aggregate information is data collected about a group or category of products, services or customers from which individual customer identities have been removed. In other words, information about how you use a service may be collected and combined with information about how others use the same service, but no personal information will be included in the resulting data. Likewise, information about the products you purchase may be collected and combined with information about the products purchased by others. Aggregate data helps us understand trends and customer needs so that we can better design new products and services, and refine existing products and services to serve our customers better.
Personal Information We Collect
You provide personal information to us in a number of ways when you visit the Platform.
We collect your name, email address, credit card number and expiration date upon membership purchase. We may also collect certain demographic information in connection with your participation in any survey, contest or sweepstakes on the Platform.
Important Note: You have the option of telling us how you wish to be identified in connection with your photos, galleries, comments and elsewhere on the Platform. If you choose to use your real name (or include any personally identifying information as part of your “username”) that information will be publicly displayed on our Platform. Therefore, please use caution in determining how you wish to be identified on the Platform.
Additionally, when you visit our Platform, some information is automatically collected, such as your computer’s operating system and browser type, version, and capabilities (such as whether JavaScript is enabled and cookies are accepted), your Internet Protocol (IP) address and the time and date of your visit, the referring site (if applicable), as well as screen resolution, color and depth. This information is tracked through the use of “cookies” and “Web beacons.”
Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer by your browser at the request of a web site to store your personal preferences. We use cookies to keep you logged in to the Platform, to count the number of unique computers visiting the Platform, and to record your user preferences.
Web beacons, also known as Web bugs, are small, graphic images on a Web page or other Web-based content that allow the site owner or a third party to monitor the IP address and other information of the site or computer viewing the Web page or content. Web beacons are often invisible to the user because they are typically very small (only 1-by-1 pixel) and the same color as the background of the Web page or other Web content. Web beacons collect the IP address of the computer to which the Web beacon is sent, the URL of the page from which the Web beacon comes, and the time it was viewed. Web beacons can be linked to personal information.
We may place Web beacons on the Platform in conjunction with cookies to monitor how visitors are navigating and/or interacting with the Platform. We treat automatically collected information as personal information if we combine it with or link it to any of the personal information identified above. Otherwise, it is used in the aggregate only.
Some third parties may place cookies in advertisements and in other locations on the Platform, and may place Web beacons on the Platform in conjunction with such cookies. Information collected by these third parties is subject to those third parties’ policies governing use and disclosure of personal information. In addition, a third-party service is used to anonymously track traffic data on the Platform through the use of a cookie that is not linked to, and does not track, any personally identifiable information about users of our Platform.
How We Use Personal Information
In general, we use personal information collected on the Platform to provide the Services and otherwise process transactions on the Platform, to provide support for the Services, to respond to user requests and inquiries, to maintain a record of our dealings with Platform users, to develop new products and services and to inform users about products or services we think will be of interest.
For example, we use your information to process orders of subscriptions to the Services or purchases or prints or other products, to communicate with you about your product purchases, your subscription(s) and/or use of the Services or the Platform, to provide support in response to your inquiries, to send you promotional materials via email and postal mail, to improve our products and services and to develop new products and services. When we use your personal information in our internal marketing efforts, we provide you with choices (see “Choice,” below). We may also receive information from third parties with whom we have business relationships, and may combine this information with the other personal information we maintain about you (for example, we may receive updated information about you, such as an updated billing address, from the financial institution issuing your credit card in connection with billing for Services). If we do so, this Policy governs such information.
Sharing of Personal Information
We do not sell, rent or share personal information with third parties without your prior consent except in the limited circumstances described in this Policy. We may share personal information with third-party vendors who assist us in performing internal functions necessary to operate our business. These functions may include, for example, analyzing traffic information or other data, providing marketing assistance, mailing items, processing credit card transactions, and fulfilling or delivering orders. In all cases we limit the information shared with our third-party vendors to that which is necessary to carry out those functions. We are not responsible for any additional information you provide to these parties, and we encourage you to become familiar with their practices before disclosing information directly to them. We may also share personal information in connection with Affiliated Sites (as discussed in more detail below).
We also disclose personal information when we believe it is appropriate to comply with the law (e.g., a lawful subpoena, warrant or court order) or with requests of law enforcement authorities; to enforce or apply this Policy or our other policies or agreements; to initiate, render, bill and collect for amounts owed to us; to protect our or our customers’ rights, property or safety; to protect our customers from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful use of, our Platform; or if we reasonably believe that an emergency involving immediate danger of death or serious physical injury to any person requires disclosure of communications or justifies disclosure of records without delay. In addition, information about our customers, including personally identifiable information, may be disclosed as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing or sale of company assets, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership in which personally identifiable information could be transferred to third parties as one of our business assets.
Links to Other Web Sites
The Platform may contain links to other Web sites. Links from our Platform to other sites or content are provided for your convenience only, and we do not have control over the content or privacy and security practices and policies of such third parties or other sites. Any personal information you provide on linked pages is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that third party’s privacy policy. We encourage you to learn about their privacy and security practices and policies before providing them with personal information.
We may also link to or from Web sites that are maintained by Visura Media and/or one or more of our clients, subscribers or business partners or hosted by Visura Media (“Affiliated Sites”). When you submit personal information to Affiliated Sites you may be submitting it to both Visura and/or the applicable client, subscriber or business partner. We may also share personal information we collect through Affiliated Sites with the applicable clients, subscribers and/or business partners and vice versa. This will only be done to provide you with assistance or answer questions you may have in connection your purchases. In such cases, the recipient must agree to use such information only for the purpose for which it was provided to them by Visura. Information submitted to us through Affiliated Sites will be governed by this Policy. Information you submitted to our client, subscriber or business partner through Affiliated Sites will be subject to such client’s, subscriber’s or business partner’s privacy policy and/or practices which may differ from this Policy. We do not have control over the privacy practices of Affiliated Sites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies on any Affiliated Platform to which you link for information on the privacy practices of that site.
Security
We have put into place reasonable security measures in an effort to prevent loss, misuse and alteration of information while it is under our control. We cannot, however, guarantee the protection of information against interception, misappropriation, misuse or alteration, nor can we promise that your information may be not be disclosed or accessed by accidental circumstances or by the unauthorized acts of others. Furthermore, we have no control over the security of other sites you might visit, interact with or do business with.
Orders placed on our Platform are protected by the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol to ensure privacy and security of your ordering and payment information. We also use encryption technologies to protect billing information that we retain.
When you register for an account on the Platform, we ask you to create a “nickname” and password. To protect the confidentiality of your personal information, you must keep your password confidential and not disclose it to any other person. You are responsible for all uses of the Platform by any person using your password. Please advise us immediately if you believe your password has been misused or otherwise misappropriated.
Choice
To opt-out of receiving marketing or other promotional communications from us, or to access, change or delete your personal information maintained by us, we provide you with the following options: you may (1) change your email settings in your Control Panel; (2) email us at support@visura.co
If, in the future, we decide to share personal information with any third parties for their own (or another third party’s) marketing purposes, we will update this Policy to reflect such change and provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of such disclosure of your personal information.
Policy Changes
We will modify this Policy if our privacy practices materially change in the future and we will notify you of such changes only by posting the modified Policy on our Platform and indicating at the top of the Policy the date it was last updated. We encourage you to review this Policy each time you visit our Platform to see if it has been updated since your last visit and to make sure you understand how information you provide will be used.
Your Comments or Concerns
We welcome your feedback. If you have any comments or concerns about this Policy or would like to contact us for any reason, you may reach us via email at support@fotovisura.om
DMCA Policy
It is our policy to respond to notices of alleged infringement that comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) and other applicable intellectual property laws. Responses may include disabling a sender’s ability to transmit material claimed to be the subject of infringing activity in .Pando format and/or terminating such sender’s ability to use the Pando application at all. If we take such measures, we will make a good-faith attempt to contact the sender who transmitted the content so that he or she may make a counter notification pursuant to sections 512(g)(2) and (3) of the DMCA. It is our policy to document all notices of alleged infringement on which we act. As with all legal notices, a copy of the notice may be sent to one or more third parties who may make it available to the public.
Infringement Notification
If you are a copyright owner or an authorized agent thereof and believe that any user of the Visura application has infringed upon your copyrights, you may submit a notification pursuant to the DMCA by filing a notice of infringement with our Copyright Agent. To file a notice of infringement with our Copyright Agent, you must provide a written communication (by fax, regular mail or e-mail) that sets forth the items specified below. Please note that you will be liable for damages (including costs and attorneys’ fees) if you materially misrepresent that a product or activity is infringing your copyrights. Accordingly, if you are not sure whether material available online infringes your copyright, we suggest that you first contact an attorney. To expedite our ability to process your request, please use the following format (including section numbers):
1.	Identify in sufficient detail the copyrighted work that you believe has been infringed upon.
2.	Identify the material that you claim is infringing the copyrighted work listed in item #1 above or which you claim is the subject of infringing activity. You must identify each separate item of infringing material.
3.	Provide information reasonably sufficient to permit Visura to locate the material.
4.	Provide information reasonably sufficient to permit Visura to contact you (email address, telephone number and a mailing address).
5.	Provide information, if possible, sufficient to permit Visura to notify the user that allegedly sent infringing material (email address is preferred).
6.	Include the following statement: “I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.”
7.	Include the following statement: “I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.”
8.	Sign the paper.
9.	Send the written communication to the following address: support@visura.co with the words “DMCA Complaint” in the subject line
You hereby acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all the of the requirements set forth above, your DMCA notice may not be valid.
Counter Notification
Pursuant to sections 512(g)(2) and (3) of the Act, the subscriber may make a counter notification. To file a counter notification with us, you must provide a written communication (by fax, regular mail or email) that sets forth the items specified below. Please note that you will be liable for damages (including costs and attorneys’ fees) if you materially misrepresent that a product or activity is not infringing the copyrights of others. Accordingly, if you are not sure whether certain material infringes the copyrights of others, we suggest that you first contact an attorney. A sample counter notification may be found at www.chillingeffects.org/dmca/counter512.pdf. To expedite our ability to process your counter notification, please use the following format (including section numbers):
1.	Identify the name of the .Pando file with respect to which Visura has blocked access.
2.	Provide your name, address, telephone number, email address, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which your address is located (or New York, NY, USA if your address is outside of the United States), and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification under subsection (c)(1)(C) of the DMCA or an agent of such person.
3.	Include the following statement: “I swear, under penalty of perjury, that I have a good faith belief that transmission of each .Pando file identified above was blocked as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be blocked.”
4.	Sign the paper.
5.	Send the written communication to the following address:
Support@visura.co
“DMCA Counter Notification” in the subject line.