https://voiceacting.com/contact-us/policies/
Skip to content
Home Contact Us Policies & Disclaimer
VoiceActing.com (aka VoiceActing Academy)
Policies and Other Stuff You Should Know
v 3.10 (updated July 6, 2018)
OK… We know this stuff can be boring, but we believe it’s important that you know how we run our business. Please feel free to take a short break if this gets too verbose. If you need anything explained, give us—or your lawyer—a call. We’ll be happy to answer your questions.
For specific policies on how we use your personal information, please CLICK HERE.
The following are policies of VoiceActing.com, and are subject to change without notice.
Ownership:
This web site, workshops, services, and products created by VoiceActing.com are owned and copyright by VoiceActing.com. Reprint, duplication, or use of any content from this web site (including graphics and logo designs) is prohibited without first obtaining written permission from the copyright owner (that’s us). For information on reuse, please contact us by e-mail or phone.
Disclaimer:
Nothing on this web site is intended to imply or guarantee representation or work in the entertainment or voiceover industries. Success as a voiceover talent is the result of individual mastery of performing and business skills. VoiceActing.com and it’s principals provide training, coaching, and production services only, and do not act as agents, managers, or talent representatives of any kind. All programs, workshops, seminars, and other services or products offered through VoiceActing.com are intended for professional and personal enrichment and are not designed to qualify participants for employment in the entertainment industry. The completion of any class or workshop offered by VoiceActing.com and/or a Guest Coach or affiliated instructor is not a guarantee of employment or representation.
Privacy Policy Regarding Email & Subscriptions:  Also see our Personal Information Use Policy below
Your e-mail address and any contact information you include in your VoiceActing e-list subscription profile, or that we might obtain as part of a workshop, event, or conference registration, or that is included as part of your VoiceActing Academy member account resulting from a purchase, or submitted to our master email list, will remain confidential. We do not share or sell our e-mail list or contact information. However, in some cases, we may promote a 3rd party product or service that in our opinion promotes a benefit to the voiceover community as a whole. Any such promotion or release will clearly indicate that VoiceActing.com, VoiceActing Academy, or James R. Alburger is the source of the promotion, and no personal information is released. In some cases, VoiceActing.com may receive compensation for a 3rd party promotion.
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our web site. These companies may use or collect personal information (including your name, address, e-mail address, or telephone number) and non-personal statistics about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Please refer to our Cookies policy under Terms and Conditions for more information.
We maintain two independent contact lists: 1) our master email subscription list and 2) our member site database. The two lists are independent and separate. Your email address and other information is added to our master email list through your subscription via a form on our website. Your email address and other information is added to our member site database when you register for an event, purchase a product or log in to a secure page on our website.
We reserve the right to use our email lists for the purpose of promoting our own or other products or services, or to disseminate informational email on subjects that we feel could be a concern or interest to our subscribers. Such informational email might include promotion of workshops, products, services, or political issues that we believe have relevancy to the voiceover industry. We will occasionally duplicate all contacts from our member site database into our master email list for the purpose of marketing our products or services.
Your subscription to our master email list, your registration for a workshop or event, your purchase of a product through our website, or submission of your personal information in any manner constitutes your agreement to receive our promotional email.
You have the right to unsubscribe from either or both of our databases at any time. All email sent from our master email list includes an “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of the email. Clicking the “unsubscribe” link shall remove you from our master email list, but does not remove you from our member site database. To be removed from our member site database, you must log into your member account to remove yourself by deleting your account or deleting your email address from your member profile. Removal from our member site database will your remove access to all products and services you have purchased or subscribed to.
Use of images and other content:
We make every effort to verify that images or other content we include on our website are either licensed, in public domain or that we have permission from the creator/copyright holder to include (use) their material on our website. When permission is obtained, we always include an attribution with a hyperlink if possible. There are many situations in which images or other content are posted and readily accessible online either as public domain, does not include a suitable copyright symbol, or does not have a reasonable link to contact the source. In the rare event that a copyrighted image might be used in a blog post or elsewhere on this website, we will make every effort to remove the offending image or obtain permission from the creator. The creator of such image(s) or content should contact us by email directly at info@voiceacting.com to advise us of such use and include references to the specific content in question through the use of clear description or image capture along with references showing their ownership of the image(s) or content. Documentation of our use and their ownership should be sent as a PDF file to info@voiceacting.com. Upon confirmation of ownership, we will either remove/replace the offending image/content or request permission to continue use along with suitable attribution.
Workshops and training events:
VoiceActing.com offers a variety of workshops, coaching, and training opportunities designed to enhance and improve the performing and business skills of those attending. A variety of training events may be offered or available at any given time, including 8-week workshops, Weekend Workshops, Advanced Masters Class, One-day Workshops, Private Coaching, Guest Workshops, Video Conference Calls, Webinars, On-line Coaching and other events. Most workshops and training events are presented under the names of “The Art of Voice Acting,” “VoiceActing Academy,” or “Voiceover Institute.” Some workshops may be presented under a different name. In all cases, all events are clearly identified as being produced by VoiceActing.com.
The VoiceOver International Creative Experience (VOICE):
VoiceActing.com is the owner and producer of this convention dedicated to advancing the performing and business skills of voiceover talent, and developing a strong community of voiceover professionals. VOICE is a completely separate event from other VoiceActing.com produced workshops and has its own set of policies. Please visit www.voiceconvention.com for more information.
Free Consultation:
We offer a free 30-minute consultation with any student considering training with us. The purpose of this meeting is for you to get your questions answered and get a sense of our teaching style, and for us to learn a bit about your goals and objectives. We will always be straightforward and honest with you about the realities of working in voiceover and your goals and expectations. Personal meetings are by appointment only at our San Diego studio. If you are calling by phone, we’ll be happy to spend up to 30 minutes speaking with you (time permitting) or arrange a specific time for you to speak with us.
Introductory Classes:
From time to time, we will offer a free or low-cost introductory class or conference call (phone or video). An introductory class is the next best thing to a personal meeting with us, and will often answer more questions than a personal meeting. If there is a cost, the small investment will be well worth the price since you will leave with information you can use and will have a good idea as to whether or not working with us will be right for you.
Auditing a Workshop Class or Event:
We encourage you to discuss auditing options with any coach with whom you are considering training. If an introductory class or consultation is not offered, auditing a class will give you an excellent sense of the instructor’s teaching style and interaction with students. When auditing a class, you will generally not be given any class materials and will not be permitted to participate in any class activities.
Due to workshop format restrictions, a small group size, customized coaching and limited in-class lecture content, we do not permit audits for any of our VoiceActing Academy events, including our 1-Day Workshops, Day 2 P.I.E. workshops, Masters Class, Video-course, or Guest Workshops.
In lieu of auditing our events, we offer a free 30 minute consultation, either in person, by phone, or via video conference. This consultation will never try to sell you anything, but instead, will give you information you need in order to make an educated decision as to whether our VoiceActing Academy course is right for you.
Payment policies:
Advance reservation for any workshop or event is guaranteed only upon receipt of payment. The tuition cost for any workshop posted on this website or in our advertising materials is a pre-registration discounted price for advance payment in full either by check or by credit card payment via PayPal.com, VISA or MasterCard through this website or by telephone. Payment plans (when offered) are available only for selected workshops via credit card, or through PayPal with charges made to your credit card on a recurring basis according to your payment plan: For example, an 8-payment plan will automatically charge your credit card the specified amount as 8 equal payments in weekly intervals starting from the date of the first payment. A 4-payment plan will automatically charge your credit card in 4 equal payments in bi-weekly intervals starting from the date of your first payment. Payment plans are not available for Guest Workshops, 1-day Workshops, 1/2 day Workshops, and tele-seminars.
Workshop Tuition:
Please refer to the web site page for the workshop(s) you are interested in for specific tuition information. Tuition pricing will always be noted on the registration page for each workshop. Tuition fees are subject to change without notice.
Full, on-site (at-the-door) registration within the last 24 hours prior to a workshop start is generally $100-$300 more than the advertised pre-registration tuition.
Your tuition deposit or full payment is a guaranteed reservation for your seat in a workshop.
Hotel and Travel:
Certain events produced by VoiceActing.com are held at a hotel or other meeting facility. It is the responsibility of the attendee to make all appropriate or necessary travel and hotel arrangements by the deadline(s) posted in any confirmation notices.
When hotel accommodations are included in a “Package Tuition,” the attendee is responsible for booking their room even though VoiceActing.com will be covering the basic room cost. Attendees will be asked to provide a credit card at check-in to cover additional room charges. VoiceActing.com will only pay for the base room charges, taxes, and service fees.
A “Package Tuition” may also include ground transportation to/from an airport. If this is included as part of a package, attendees will be mailed the appropriate transportation vouchers, or will be instructed as to how make the necessary transportation arrangements. Transportation vouchers (as part of a “Package Tuition”) cannot be discounted or reimbursed if not used.
We generally recommend holding off on making hotel and travel arrangements until the event you have registered for is confirmed. This is usually at least two weeks out from the event start date. VoiceActing.com will not be responsible for any charges that might be incurred due to hotel or travel reservations made prior to an event’s confirmation.
Release of Liability:
Your use of this website and/or participation in any event or purchase of any product or service offered or provided by VoiceActing.com represents your understanding and acceptance of our Terms and Conditions and an unconditional release of any liability.
Refund Policy:
VoiceActing.com offers a 30-day refund on all products sold through this website. Registration fees and deposits for most events and third-party services are not refundable. However, in the event of cancellation or rescheduling, any fees paid can be transferred to a future event of the same or different type. Refunds for Guest events where VoiceActing.com is providing hosting services, are generally not available. Any request for a refund of a Guest event must be arranged through the Guest. For some events, refunds may not be for the full amount and may be less any nonrefundable deposit or cost of non-returnable materials. Any hard-copy workshop materials that may have been delivered prior to the event must be returned in good, usable condition to qualify for refund. Refunds may be issued by check, credit card payment reversal, PayPal payment, or in any other manner at the discretion of VoiceActing.com. Refunds will be processed within 45 days following the date of refund request. In the event that you are unable to attend the event for which you have registered, you will have the option to reschedule for a future event of the same type. Rescheduling will only be offered once. Failure to attend a paid-for event without requesting rescheduling shall constitute a “no show” and any funds paid to date shall be considered to be non-refundable. This Refund Policy is limited to workshops or events with fewer than 50 attendees. Please see the event registration page for specific refund details that may differ from this policy.
Events and conferences with anticipated attendance in excess of 50 will have a separate refund policy that will apply to that specific event. In some cases, refund requests may have a specified deadline, after which refunds will not be honored.
There is a $100 nonrefundable deposit included in the tuition cost of all workshops offered through this web site, regardless of the payment plan or type of workshop. (see Cancellation below for exception).
Cancelation of your registration by you, for any reason, will result in forfeiture of your nonrefundable deposit.
If you register with a $100 deposit, you agree to either pay your balance in full before the start of the first class, or choose one of the payment plans available (when offered). Payment plans are not available for all workshops and may be withdrawn at any time.
Because your registration prevents someone else from attending, we do NOT offer refunds for the event that you forget or fail to attend.
Refund requests due to cancellation by you with more than 14 days notice prior to the event start will be honored.
Refund requests due to cancellation by you within 14 days of most events will generally not be honored, but you may request to be rescheduled for a future event of the same type within one year.
If you are unable to attend a workshop for which you are registered, you may substitute another person provided you notify us by phone prior to the start of the workshop. If we have a waiting list for a workshop, your tuition may be “sold” to someone on our waiting list for no more than the amount you paid.
If you are unable to attend a workshop for which you paid in full, and you notify us prior to the start of the event, the balance of your tuition (less the $100 included nonrefundable deposit) may be applied to the next – and only the next – scheduled workshop of the same type for which you were originally registered. Tuition forwarding may only be applied one time and only for a workshop of the same type, and only within one year from the originally scheduled event.
No refunds or tuition forwarding are available as of the end of the first class day for the 8-week Workshop, or after 5:30pm on the first full day of a Weekend Workshop or Masters Class, or after any deadline stated on this web site or in any promotion or registration materials for a workshop.
Unless stated otherwise on this web site or in our promotional materials, a minimum of 7 days notice is required for cancellation or rescheduling if you are unable to attend any workshop (including Guest workshops.) Some workshops and events may not permit cancellation within 14 days or more of the event.
*Cancellation by VoiceActing.com:
We reserve the right to cancel or reschedule any workshop if we determine there are not enough registered students to make the workshop a valuable experience. In the event that we cancel a workshop, any deposit or full tuition payment may be applied to a future VoiceActing.com workshop of the same or a different type.
Non-attendance & Cancellation by Registered Student:
IMPORTANT: Registration in any form is an agreement by you that you intend to participate in the scheduled event and that you further agree that the full course tuition will be paid prior to the start of the first class. If you are registered for any workshop offered through this web site or directly by VoiceActing.com, and you do not attend without advance notification by phone at least 72 hours prior to the start of the event, or prior to any stated cancellation deadline, your deposit or payment in full will be forfeited and cannot be applied to any future workshops. If you registered with a deposit and are a “no-show” (meaning you did not call to notify us of your non-attendance), you will be invoiced for any unpaid balance of your tuition or your credit card will be charged for the balance of your tuition.
Cancellation deadlines and tuition forwarding policies may vary depending on the type of event.
Guest Workshops by Professionals we sponsor:
Guest Workshop tuition is generally set by the visiting professional. We provide the promotion, space, and equipment to hold the workshop. There is often a waiting list and your registration is a guarantee of your seat in class.
Guest workshops require payment in full in advance and tuition is generally non-refundable. Some Guests may have a separate refund policy for their events.
Payment in full for Guest Workshops is required at least 7 days prior to the start of the workshop unless other arrangements are made in advance. If payment is not received by the deadline, your seat at the event may be replaced without notice and any non-refundable deposit will be forfeited.
If you are unable to attend a Guest Workshop, you may transfer your registration to another individual at any time up to the start of the event. You MUST notify us immediately if you transfer your registration.
Cancellation (in part or whole) and no-shows will result in forfeiture of the event tuition. There are no refunds for Guest Workshops.
Guest workshop tuition cannot be forwarded to a future workshop.
Contract (8-week Workshop, Weekend Workshops, and Masters Class):
Students attending some events will be asked to sign an agreement that specifies an understanding of workshop ground rules and payment options (as described here). A copy of our contract is available for review upon request.
Class Size & Materials:
In order to provide adequate one-on-one coaching, most workshops have a limited class size. Some workshops and other training opportunities have a different structure, and may accommodate a large number of attendees. A complete set of workshop notes and scripts is included in the tuition for most events, however the required textbook, The Art of Voice Acting is not included in the tuition. Any materials not included as part of the weekend workshop tuition will be available at the workshop.
Personal Recording:
On-mic coaching for most workshops is recorded and available for the student to take with them for study and review. Recordings are in .wav file format and are delivered to students via Dropbox. Instructions for setting up a Dropbox account and receiving workshop recordings is included in the event’s Registration Package. Students may make audio recordings from their seat for personal use only of most AOVA workshops.
Personal recording of guest workshops is not permitted.
Video recording of any sort is not permitted during workshop lecture or class periods unless specifically authorized in writing in advance.
Unconditional Release for Recording:
Please see our standard release here.
Your participation at any VoiceActing Academy (VoiceActing.com) event serves as your unconditional release for us to use your likeness, sound or image for our marketing and promotional purposes. Such use of your image, likeness or sound may be in the form of audio, photographic, video, web stream, or any sound or video format currently existing or that may be created in the future.
Required Text:
The Art of Voice Acting book is a required text for all AOVA tele-courses, intensives, and workshops held in San Diego, and is highly recommended as advance reading for our out-of-town workshops.
Other Policies:
Attendees of our workshops are responsible for bringing water and other materials that may be specified in the confirmation e-mail. Smoking is prohibited at all of our workshops and young children, pets, and unregistered guests are not allowed in the workshop training room or studio areas. Seeing-eye dogs are permitted for visually impaired attendees.
Facilities Access:
Although most workshop and event locations will accommodate disabled persons, there are some events held at locations that do not provide for wheelchair access. If you require wheelchair access or any have any special needs, please call us (don’t e-mail) to discuss your needs and available options.
Meals:
Unless otherwise specified in the workshop information or registration confirmation, meals are not included as part of any workshop or event. Attendees are responsible for meals when workshop sessions run longer than 3 1/2 hours.
Attendance & Makeup Policies – 8-week Workshop Only:
Students are responsible for attending all classes. In order to qualify for makeup sessions, a student must attended a minimum of 50% of scheduled classes, and Workshop tuition must be paid in full. Missed classes for the 8-week workshop may be made up in a concurrent session or in the following workshop session only, provided space is available and arrangements are made in advance. There is an additional charge of $25 for a make-up class and only one make-up student is permitted in any class. It is the responsibility of the student to arrange for make up sessions.
There is no make-up option for Weekend Workshops, Masters Class, Guest Workshops, 1-day Workshops, Intensives, or Tele-seminars. If you need to miss one of these events, you will need to notify us in advance to arrange for rescheduling.
AOVA Graduate Discounts:
Graduates of the 8-week workshop, 8-week Tele-Course, Weekend Workshop, and some Masters Class and Roadshow Workshops are entitled to attend any future VoiceActing.com workshop at no charge. This offer applies only to workshops produced by VoiceActing.com and taught by James Alburger and/or a VoiceActing Academy instructor. Repeat attendance for graduates is only available if the workshop has a registered attendance of less than the maximum allowed for the event. Should the event reach maximum attendance, paid attendees shall have priority of re-attendance by graduates. AOVA Graduates may attend at the posted discount rate as may be provided on the event registration page of this website. AOVA Graduate discounts are not available for Guest workshops, or for workshops produced by another coach or producer, even if James and/or a VAA instructor are teaching at these events.
An AOVA Graduate discount to the VoiceOver International Creative Experience may or may not be offered. If offered, an AOVA Graduate discount option will be included on the registration page for the VOICE conference. AOVA Graduates will be notified via e-mail of the discount offer and will be provided with the “secret code” that must be entered to receive the discount.
Returned Check Charges:
There is a $50 service charge added to any checks returned by the bank for any reason or for any credit card charge that is reversed or canceled after the close of the event.
Policy Changes:
These policies and the payment plan agreement may be adjusted or changed at the discretion of VoiceActing.com without notice. The version of the agreement on this web site will generally be the most current. Please call if you have any questions or wish to confirm the validity of any aspect of these policies..
Copyright Notice:
The tuition, content, and handout materials for any of our  workshops may change without notice.  All materials of VoiceActing.com produced workshops and events are copyright by James R. Alburger, Penny Abshire, and VoiceActing.com. Content of Guest workshops is copyright by the Guest Workshop coach and may not be duplicated or resold in print, electronic or any other form without express written permission.
The entire content of this web site is copyright by James R. Alburger and VoiceActing.com, all rights reserved.
Individuals visiting this web site may copy portions of this site for personal use only.
Publishers of legitimate newsletters, magazines, or other publications may, upon written request, duplicate portions of this website for use in their publication. Any such use will require author credit, a link (or text reference) to www.voiceacting.com, and appropriate contact information in a footnote or sidebar. Reprinted content may not be altered in any way without prior written permission and submission of the proposed re-write.
Under no circumstances may any portion of this web site or any workshop materials be duplicated or re-printed for the purpose of sale or inclusion in a commercial product, except as noted above.
Use of Personal Information (GDPR Policies)
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally Identifiable Information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form, Open a Support Ticket or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
• To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
• To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
• To quickly process your transactions.
• To ask for ratings and reviews of services or products
• To follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)
How do we protect your information?
We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards.
An external PCI compliant payment gateway handles all CC transactions.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
• Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
• Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
• Keep track of advertisements.
• Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, It won’t affect your experience .
Third-party disclosure:
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it’s release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third-party links:
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Google:
Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We may use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
• Google Display Network Impression Reporting
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
California Online Privacy Protection Act:
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. – See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can easily be found on the page specified in our website menu under the Contacts menu tab.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:
• On our Privacy Policy Page
Can change your personal information:
• Yes, by emailing us
• Yes, by logging in to your account
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
It’s also important to note that we do not allow third-party behavioral tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States’ consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Fair Information Practices:
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify you via email
Within 7 business days
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act;
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
• Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
• Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
• Send you additional information related to your product and/or service
• Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
• Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
• Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
• Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
• Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
• Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
• Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future promotional emails, you can email us at:
• The email link at the bottom of each email.
and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
If you have purchased a product or attended an event, and you wish to no longer receiver our promotional emails:
You will ALSO need to log in to your VoiceActing account and change the email OPT-OUT option in your profile. This is necessary because we maintain two separate databases, one for our email marketing and a second database for those who have registered for an event, signed up for a member site account, or purchased a product.
Contacting Us:
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
VoiceActing.com
13639 Freeport Rd
San Diego, California 92129
United States
support@voiceacting.com
I have reviewed the Privacy Policy and I give my consent to the terms laid out.
Scroll Up