http://wailana.com/privacy-security
Skip to main content
Go
Call us on 1-800-228-5145
Contact Us
My Account
Create New Account
My Cart
Wai Lana
Shop
Shop
Yoga Products
Yoga DVDs
Meditation & Music
Yoga & Pilates Mats
Yoga Mat Bags
Eco-Friendly Yoga Gear
Yoga for Kids
Yoga & Pilates Kits
Yoga Props
Lifestyle Products
Yoga Music Merchandise
Gluten-Free Snacks & Food
Stylish Bags
Protective Facemasks
Yogaroma™ Body Care
Super Fruits
Books
Accessories
Gift Baskets
FREE Shipping on all orders over $50 and up within the U.S. (Click for details)
Featured Products
URBAN Facemask™
Fresh Protection Facemask
Popular shopping
Lifestyle
Lifestyle
Lifestyle Home
Tips for Healthy Living
Protective Facemasks
Recipes
Inspirational Stories
Meditation
Relaxation Club™
Yoga Meditation
Yoga Sound
Gems of Wisdom
Visual Meditation
Browse Lifestyle »
Watch Wai Lana's Music Videos
Yoga
Yoga
Yoga Home
Shop Yoga DVDs
Yoga Asanas
Yoga Life
Pilates
Yoga Photo Gallery
Yoga TV Series
Browse Yoga »
Featured Asana
Wai Lana Yoga Asana Video : Bulldog Pose
Bulldog
View all Asanas
Featured Yoga Life
Challenging Yourself at Home
View all Yoga Life
More…
About
Snacks
Blog
Wholesale Info
Drop Ship Program
Affiliates
Gift Certificates
Shipping & Returns
Payment Methods
Contact Us
Worldwide Distributors
Privacy & Security
Terms & Conditions
You are hereHomePrivacy & Security
Privacy & Security
1. The Basics
This document describes the information that we gather on or through this website, how we use and disclose such information, and the steps we take to protect such information. By visiting the Site, or by purchasing our products you accept the privacy practices described in this Policy.
Throughout this Privacy Policy ‘we’, ‘us’, ‘our’ and ‘ours’ refer to Wailana Productions LLC. Please note that we process and store personal information in the United States and your consent to this privacy notice represents your agreement to this processing.
2. The Information We Collect
We are the sole owner of information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to any outside parties, except as outlined in this policy.
During registration or creating orders, you will be required to provide your contact information, which includes your name, e-mail address, telephone number and street address. We also require you to submit a username and password of your choice for your future access to your account information. To safeguard that your user name and password remain confidential, DO NOT share this information with anyone. If you choose to purchase a product from us, we or our third-party payment processors will collect your payment information.
3. How We Use the Information We Collect
We use the information that we collect in the following ways:
3.1 Processing Orders
We collect information from our customers to process orders and better serve you with pertinent information, such as order confirmations and order status updates.
3.2 Sending our Newsletters
If you have given your consent, we use the information that we collect to send you marketing communications in our newsletter.
4. Cookies
California law requires that operators of websites and online services disclose whether other third parties may collect personally identifiable information about an individual's online activities from their site or service. We allow third parties with which we have a separate agreement to use cookies and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Site.
The information gathered by these third parties is used to make predictions about your interests or preferences so that they can display advertisements or promotional material on this Site and on other sites across the Internet tailored to your apparent interests.
The business partners and advertising networks that serve interest-based advertisements on the Services have limited access to a small amount of information about your profile and your device, which is necessary to serve you advertisements that are tailored to your apparent interests. It is possible that they may reuse this small amount of information on other sites or services.
We do not share with these third parties any information that would readily identify you (such as email address); however, these third parties may have access to information about your device (such as IP or MAC address). We do not have access to, or control over, the technologies that these third parties may use to collect information about your interests, and the information practices of these third parties are not covered by this Privacy Notice. Other than as discussed in this document, we have no control over these third parties.
5. Your Rights
You have a right to the following:
• To request access to the personal information we hold about you;
• To request that we rectify or erase your personal information;
• To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal information;
• Under certain circumstances, to receive personal information about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal information directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and
• Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal information.
To exercise these rights, see the “Contact” section below. Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
6. Contact
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this privacy policy or any other issues please contact us, in our role as data controller, at web@wailana.com.
Wholesale Info
Drop Ship Program
Affiliates
Gift Certificates
Shipping & Returns
Payment Methods
Contact Us
Worldwide Distributors
Privacy & Security
Terms & Conditions
All Prices are in USD. © 2020 Wai Lana Productions, LLC. All rights reserved.