https://waso.com.au/privacy-disclaimer
Skip to main content
Concerts & Tickets
Expand
Back
What's On
2021 Season
Subscription Info
Booking Info
Your Visit
Webcasts
2020 WASO Concert Updates
Education & Community
Expand
Back
Welcome
Schools
Families
Artist Development
Community
Indigenous Creative Collaborations
Sounds & Stories
Expand
Support Us
Expand
Back
WASO Philanthropy
Make a Donation
Ways to Give
Bequests & Endowment Fund
Our Patrons
WASO Sponsorship
Corporate Partners
About Us
Expand
Back
Meet the Orchestra
The Organisation
Work with Us
Contact Us
Media Releases
More
Expand
Back
Log in / Sign Up
Your cart
Donate
Search
Log in / Sign up
Your Cart
Donate
Keyword or phrase
Search
Close window
WASO's Privacy Policy
WASO's Personal Information Collection Statement
WASO's Whistleblower Policy
WASO's Privacy Policy
WASO's Privacy Policy is available below, or you can download a PDF version here.
The West Australian Symphony Orchestra respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal information and complying with its obligations under the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth). Personal information is information about you, such as your name, contact details and records of your dealings with us. This Privacy Policy explains how we handle your personal information, and the ways in which you can contact us about the personal information that we hold about you.
Purposes for handling personal information
We collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information for the following purposes:
to interact with you
to carry out transactions with you, such as to process payments and donations received by you
to assess your eligibility to access any of our programs
to maintain our business records
to seek donations or sponsorship
to provide you with information about activities, events and products that may be of interest to you
any purpose required or permitted by law
any purpose disclosed to you and to which you have consented
any purpose that you would otherwise reasonably expect, and
otherwise to run our business.
Collection
We collect personal information from our customers, members, donors, supporters, business contacts, and other individuals with whom we deal. We only collect personal information by lawful and fair means. We will collect your personal information through our interactions with you, such as where you purchase a ticket to a performance, where we communicate by telephone, mail, email, or when you enter your personal information on our website. In some cases, where it would be unreasonable or impracticable to obtain your personal information directly from you, we will seek to obtain it from a publicly available source, or a third party.
Disclosure
We will not sell, share or rent any of your person information to third parties, except as specified in this Privacy Policy, or for a purpose that you would reasonably expect, that is required or permitted by law, or for which you have provided consent. We may disclose your personal information to third parties, such as:
our service providers, including IT services, insurers, financial institutions, mailing houses, etc
our related companies, member organisations and other business partners
our professional advisers, including lawyers, accountants and auditors
government, regulatory and law enforcement authorities, and
your agents and representatives.
We hold most of our personal information on a secure database. The database provider may occasionally need to access any database to provide its service to us.
Access
If you wish to gain access to the information that we hold about you, you may contact us on:
West Australian Symphony Orchestra
PO Box 3041, East Perth WA 6000
Phone 08 9326 0011
Email waso@waso.com.au
We will respond to all requests for access. On the rare occasions when we refuse access, we will provide you with a written notice stating our reasons for refusing access and the provisions of the Privacy Act on which we rely to refuse access. We may seek to recover from you reasonable costs that we incur for providing you with access to any of the personal information that we hold about you.
Accuracy
We take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information that we collect, hold and use is accurate, up-to-date and complete, and that the personal information that we disclose to third parties is also relevant. As such, we encourage you to contact us if you believe that any of the personal information that we hold about you is inaccurate, outdated, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading. You may request that we correct such personal information by contacting us on the details provided above.
We will respond to all requests to correct your personal information. We are not obliged to correct any of your personal information if we do not agree that it requires correction and we may refuse to do so. If we refuse, we will provide you with a written notice explaining the basis for our refusal.
Security
We hold you personal information in both paper-based and electronic files. Electronic information is stored on secure servers that are protected in controlled facilities. In some cases, these facilities may be overseas. We seek to ensure that personal information that we hold is protected from misuse, interference and loss caused by unauthorized access, modification or disclosure. Our employees and agents are obliged to treat any personal information held by us confidentially.
Our website
Our website utilises "cookies", which are pieces of data that are stored on your hard drive containing details about your use of our website. Use of a cookie does not provide us with information about you that can be used to identify you, rather, they anonymously track usage of our website, so that we can enhance users' experience of our website. You may elect to reject cookies and still use our website, however in doing so, you may be unable to access certain pages.
We also use IP addresses to analyse trends, administer our website, track use movements on our website, and gather broad demographic data for aggregate use, which we may share with our partners and advertisers. We note that IP addresses are not linked to any information that could identify you.
Marketing
We may use the personal information that we hold about you, including your contact details, to provide you with information about activities, events and products that may be of interest to you, or to seek donations or support for our activities. You may opt out of receiving all or certain types of marketing information from us at any time by contacting us on the details provided above.
Questions and complaints
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints about the way in which we have handled your personal information, or if you believe that we have not complied with our obligations under the Privacy Act, you may contact us on the details provided above.
You may also lodge a complaint with the Office of Australian Information Commissioner by calling 1300 363 992 or sending an email to enquiries@oaic.gov.au.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you. At any time, our current Privacy Policy is available on our website.
WASO's Personal Information Collection Statement
The West Australian Symphony Orchestra is bound by the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (Privacy Act). We collect and hold your personal information, that is, information about you such as your name, contact details and records of our dealings with you. We collect this information for the purpose of providing our products and services, seeking support, otherwise engaging with you as one of our contacts, and generally running the Orchestra.
We collect your personal information directly from you unless it would be impracticable or unreasonable to do so. You may refuse to provide us with some or all of your personal information, however, this may limit the ways in which we can interact with you, including providing you with our services.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties, such as related organisations, service providers, professional advisers and government and related authorities. We are unlikely to disclose your personal information outside of Australia. We may use your personal information in order to provide you with information about activities and events that may be of interest to you, or to request your support for the Orchestra. You may opt out of receiving our communications at any time by asking us using the contact details below.
Our Privacy Policy sets out our approach to managing your personal information. In particular, it explains how you may seek to access and/or correct the personal information that we hold about you, as well as how to make a complaint about a breach of our obligations under the Privacy Act, and how we will deal with complaints. You can access our Privacy Policy at http://www.waso.com.au/sfl/privacy.
If you have any questions, comments or complaints about how we handle your personal information, you may contact our Privacy Officer on 08 9326 0011 or on waso@waso.com.au.
WASO's Whistleblower Policy
WASO Holdings Limited (“WASO”) is committed to the highest standards of conduct and ethical behaviour in all of its business activities, and to promoting and supporting a culture of honest and ethical behaviour, corporate compliance and good corporate governance. WASO encourages the reporting of any instances of suspected unethical, illegal, fraudulent or undesirable conduct involving WASO and its subsidiaries, and provide the avenues available to disclosers to report serious wrongdoing. WASO will strive to ensure that those persons who report any alleged wrongdoing shall not face the fear of intimidation, disadvantage or reprisal. Directors and management are committed to protecting and supporting the dignity, wellbeing, career and reputation of anyone reporting any form of suspected wrongdoing. By implementing this policy, WASO would like to make it clear that misconduct or any improper action by company officers, employees, contractors (including contractor employees), volunteers and suppliers (including supplier employees) will not be tolerated.
Please download the PDF here.
Disclaimer Statement
The information provided on this The West Australian Symphony Orchestra website has been compiled for your convenience. The West Australian Symphony Orchestra makes no warranties about the accuracy or completeness of any information contained on this website.
Links to other websites are provided for your convenience and The West Australian Symphony Orchestra is not responsible for the information contained on those websites. The provision of a link to another website does not constitute an endorsement or approval of that website, or any products or services offered on that website. The West Australian Symphony Orchestra will not accept any liability for the use of those links to connect to websites that are not under our control.
Nothing in this website constitutes or is intended to constitute an offer of, or an invitation to purchase or subscribe for, securities.
The West Australian Symphony Orchestra holds the copyright to this website. The West Australian Symphony Orchestra grants you a limited licence to download this website for personal use only. You are not permitted to reproduce or alter this website, or any copy of it, for any other purpose without the prior express written consent.
The West Australian Symphony Orchestra regards your privacy as important and will take all reasonable steps to ensure that if you have subscribed to receive notification of website updates, your email address will remain confidential.
The West Australian Symphony Orchestra reserves the right to make changes, modifications, additions, deletions and corrections to the website, at any time and without notice.
Financial Disclaimer
The West Australian Symphony Orchestra does not accept any liability for any investment decisions made on the basis of this information. This website does not constitute financial advice and should not be taken as such. The West Australian Symphony Orchestra urges you to obtain professional advice before proceeding with any investment.
External Link Disclaimer
Any links have been provided for your convenience. Websites which you are transferred to are not controlled by The West Australian Symphony Orchestra and The West Australian Symphony Orchestra is not responsible, and does not accept any liability, for the information contained on those websites. The provision of a link does not constitute an endorsement or approval of that website or any products or services on that website.
Concerts
Visit our What's On Calendar to book your tickets.
Support Us
Contribute to WASO with a donation.
Sounds & Stories
News, Reviews, Webcasts, Music and more!
Engagement
Explore our Education & Community programs.
wesfarmers-logo
© WASO 2020. All rights reserved. Made by
Carter.