https://waso.com.au/terms-conditions
Skip to main content
Concerts & Tickets
Expand
Back
What's On
2021 Season
Subscription Info
Booking Info
Your Visit
Webcasts
2020 WASO Concert Updates
Education & Community
Expand
Back
Welcome
Schools
Families
Artist Development
Community
Indigenous Creative Collaborations
Sounds & Stories
Expand
Support Us
Expand
Back
WASO Philanthropy
Make a Donation
Ways to Give
Bequests & Endowment Fund
Our Patrons
WASO Sponsorship
Corporate Partners
About Us
Expand
Back
Meet the Orchestra
The Organisation
Work with Us
Contact Us
Media Releases
More
Expand
Back
Log in / Sign Up
Your cart
Donate
Search
Log in / Sign up
Your Cart
Donate
Keyword or phrase
Search
Close window
Terms and Conditions of Sale
Terms of Use
Anyone using the West Australian Symphony Orchestra’s website does so with an understanding and acceptance of the following conditions:
All information on this site is provided in good faith. The West Australian Symphony Orchestra has taken all reasonable measures to ensure the information contained herein is accurate and current. All ticket sales are subject to availability and at the discretion of the West Australian Symphony Orchestra.
No liability is accepted for loss or damages incurred as a result of reliance upon material contained on this site and, by logging on, you will be deemed to have released and discharged the West Australian Symphony Orchestra from all liability which might arise.
The website provides links to other third party websites for your convenience and informational purposes only, and not for purposes of making any endorsement or recommendation thereof.
The West Australian Symphony Orchestra cannot control, takes no responsibility and does not make any warranty, express or implied, with respect to the content, privacy policy or practices of such linked websites.
The West Australian Symphony Orchestra is an Australian organisation and the prices displayed on this website, and in all publications – both online and print – are in Australian Dollars (AUD) only.
Tickets sold or issued by WASO are subject to the Live Performance Australia (LPA) Ticketing Code of Practice (PDF) and to WASO Terms and Conditions of sale. Any person purchasing a ticket or attending an event agrees to abide by these terms and conditions.
Tips for Buying Tickets Safely and Securely: Live Performance Australia (LPA) Safe Tix Guide (PDF)
Privacy Policy
The West Australian Symphony Orchestra abides by the Privacy Act and the National Privacy Principles. The West Australian Symphony Orchestra respects the privacy of its patrons and strictly adheres to the principles of the Privacy Act 1988. The Customer Privacy Statement can be viewed on this website, or by contacting the West Australian Symphony Orchestra.
Right To Alter Details
The West Australian Symphony Orchestra reserves the right to change any element of a performance or its sales structure, including but not limited to reserves and pricing, at any time and without notice.
Pricing for any WASO product, including but not limited to single tickets and subscription prices, are subject to demand based dynamic pricing. This may see prices increase or decrease at any time during an on sale period for any given product. These changes may occur without notice.
Photography and Video
WASO reserves the right to record, broadcast, telecast or webcast any event. If you are photographed, filmed or taped whilst attending a West Australian Symphony Orchestra performance, you consent to the West Australian Symphony Orchestra or third parties appointed by the West Australian Symphony Orchestra photographing, filming and taping you. The West Australian Symphony Orchestra or third parties appointed by the West Australian Symphony Orchestra can broadcast, publish, license and use any photographs, film, recordings and images of you without compensation. The West Australian Symphony Orchestra, the third parties and anyone acquiring from them a right to use the material are not liable to you in any way for its use.
Ticketing Terms and Conditions
Packages and/or Bundled Discount Offers
WASO offers two different types of subscriptions - a concert package of a complete Series or a Create Your Own Package made up of concerts selected across a number of Series.
The instalment plan payment method is available to those purchasing this type of package.
When WASO bundles a selection of concerts together outside of standard Season Subscription offerings (known as a package), the purchaser agrees to the following terms and conditions.
The minimum number of concerts stipulated in the offering must be selected and purchased to validate the offer. The instalment plan payment method is not available to those purchasing this type of offer.
The West Australian Symphony Orchestra reserves the right to vary all subscription packages.
Instalment Plans for Subscriptions
When renewing or purchasing a subscription, you may opt to pay in full or in instalments. A $7.70 handling fee will be charged in addition to the total subscription cost. Charges will be deducted in two, three or four equal instalments on the dates stated in WASO’s subscription brochure. Donations included with your payment will be deducted and receipted in full when you place your booking.
Exchanges & Refunds
Tickets are non-refundable except as outlined in the LPA Ticketing Code of Practice if an event is cancelled, rescheduled or significantly re-located. To obtain a copy of the LPA Code of Practice, please contact the WASO Box Office or download it here. All ticket sales are final and non-refundable once the order has been processed.
Exchanges for subscription tickets to other WASO concerts in the same year are available free of charge no later than 2 business days prior to the concert you are exchanging. Seats comparable to those originally held cannot be guaranteed. Exchanges will be made based on the face value of the original ticket and the current pricing of the requested performance. Any variance in pricing will be payable by the subscription ticket holder at the time of the exchange.  Exchanges for non-subscription tickets incur a fee of $6.60 and any variance in pricing will be payable by the ticket holder at the time of the exchange.
Exchanges cannot be carried out once a performance has commenced or occurred. Exchanges cannot be processed over the phone only in person at the box office or by mail. For further information regarding exchanges please contact the WASO Box Office on (08) 9326 0000.
Lost Tickets
Lost ticket vouchers will be issued for misplaced WASO tickets after contacting the West Australian Symphony Orchestra Box Office, for collection at the venue, from 60 minutes prior to the performance. Lost tickets cannot be exchanged.
Ticketing Prices, Fees and Charges
A one-off handing fee of $5.50 per transaction applies to purchases on our website. A fee of $3.85 applies to over the counter bookings. A fee of $6.60 applies to phone and mail bookings. An additional fee of $4.40 per transaction applies for delivery via Registered Post
Ticket postage is an option to all ticket holders purchasing their ticket more than 8 days prior to the first concert date in their order.
The West Australian Symphony Orchestra reserves the right to retain any fees charged to the extent permitted by law.
Tickets purchased through third parties may incur additional fees and charges at the discretion of those parties.
WASO reserves the right to change any element of a performance sales structure, including but not limited to reserves and pricing, at any time and without notice. If the amount paid for a ticket is incorrect regardless of whether an error in price is posted on the West Australian Symphony Orchestra website or otherwise communicated to you, or you are able to order a ticket before its scheduled on-sale or pre-sale date, or you are able to order a ticket that was not supposed to have been released for sale, the West Australian Symphony Orchestra reserves the right to cancel that ticket (or the order containing the ticket) and refund the total amount paid. If any such refund is paid the West Australian Symphony Orchestra will not be liable for any other direct, consequential or indirect loss associated with the original transaction. This policy will apply regardless of whether the transaction was a human error or malfunction of this website or other ticketing system.
Group Bookings
Group tickets must be purchased in one transaction and cannot be exchanged.
School Ticket Bookings
For more information regarding School bookings, visit: http://www.waso.com.au/education/education/booking_information.
Gift Vouchers
Prepaid Gift Vouchers are can be purchased and redeemed at the West Australian Symphony Orchestra Box Office and on the West Australian Symphony Orchestra Website. They are not redeemable for cash and no change will be given. Gift vouchers should be treated like cash. The West Australian Symphony Orchestra disclaims any responsibility for lost or stolen Gift Vouchers.
Gift Vouchers are only redeemable for concerts sold through the WASO Box Office. For more information call the West Australian Symphony Orchestra Box Office on (08) 9326 0000. All gift voucher purchases are subject to availability.
Concession Policies
Concessions must be Australian Issued and valid at the time of booking. Full or partial refunds are not available if you become eligible for a concession after you have booked. Proof of concession must be provided at the time of booking. Proof may be required to gain access to the venue or event if being admitted on a concession ticket. Failure or refusal to provide valid proof of concession may result in non-admittance.
Concessions are for Australian Aged Pension, TPI, Veteran’s Affairs and Full-Time Student Card holders. Seniors and Commonwealth Seniors Health Care Cards do not qualify for concessions. Proof of entitlement must be presented at the WASO Box Office at time of purchase.
Under 30 Years
Substantial savings on ticket prices are available if you are aged under 30 years. A photocopy or scan of your Driver’s License or passport is required when booking.
Wheelchair Seating
If you have purchased an accessible wheelchair seat directly from the box office (phone or counter) you will have been allocated a wheelchair bay in the venue not a fixed seat. If you should arrive without the need of a wheelchair you will not be able to see the performance, where the box office is unable to find alternative seating.
Companion Cards
Companion Card holders are eligible to receive one complimentary WASO ticket for their carer. A valid Companion Card or copy thereof must be sighted at the time of booking. Please contact the Box Office for further information.
Ticketing Policies
Tickets to the West Australian Symphony Orchestra events are sold by the Perth Concert Hall and select third parties including ticketing agents and venue box offices. All transactions completed online through tickets.waso.com.au; including the processing of tickets, merchandise and donations appear on your statement as Perth Concert Hall. Tickets purchased through third parties are subject to the terms and conditions outlined by those parties. No ticket sold through either the West Australian Symphony Orchestra or any authorised sellers is eligible for re-sale other than where explicitly approved by the West Australian Symphony Orchestra.
Attendees must also abide by the terms and conditions of the venue in which the performance is held. The West Australian Symphony Orchestra adopts the Live Performance Australia (LPA) Code of Practice for the Ticketing of Live Entertainment in Australia, available for download here.
Your agreement with the West Australian Symphony Orchestra for the purchase of a ticket is governed by the laws of Western Australia.
If you have any questions about these terms and conditions, please call West Australian Symphony Orchestra on (08) 9326 0000.
Unauthorised Resellers
The authorised ticket seller for events presented by West Australian Symphony Orchestra (WASO) is WASO and Perth Concert Hall. Please be aware that we have no obligation to honour tickets purchased via unauthorised re-sellers.  If you attend an event with a ticket purchased via an unauthorised re-seller such as Viagogo, Ticketbis, eBay, Gumtree, Tickets Australia or otherwise, you may be refused entry to the event.
Attendance Policies
Conditions of Entry
The use of photographic or recording equipment, including mobile phones, is prohibited. Mobile telephones, pagers and similar must be turned off prior to the start of the performance. Food and beverages may not be consumed in the auditorium unless otherwise advised.
It is a condition of entry that a search of persons or possessions may be required at the time of entry to the Venue.
The West Australian Symphony Orchestra reserves the right to refuse admission or evict a ticket holder in accordance with the LPA Ticketing Code of Practice.
Latecomers
Adequate time must be allowed for the collection of tickets on arrival at the venue. The West Australian Symphony Orchestra does not accept responsibility for any delays that may be encountered at the Box Office prior to an event.
For the comfort and convenience of all patrons, latecomers can only be admitted into the auditorium at a suitable break in the performance and may be refused entry completely. Suitable breaks vary between performances and may not occur until the interval. If a suitable break prior to interval is identified, latecomers may not be seated in their ticketed seats, but in an area adjacent to an entrance, where minimal disruption will be caused to seated attendees. This is at the discretion of venue staff. Ticket refunds or exchanges are not available on the basis of late arrival.
Children and Infants Attending The Performance
We love seeing young people enjoying music at our concerts; however WASO evening and matinee performances are generally not suitable for very young children or infants. If you’d like to ask about the suitability of a WASO evening or matinee concert for your child, feel free to call our Box Office on (08) 9326 0000. Unless the performance is a designated children’s concert, all audience members, regardless of their age are required to hold a valid ticket, including a baby on your lap.
For family and children’s events, as designated by the West Australian Symphony Orchestra, infants under the age of one year are eligible for one complimentary ticket to a performance. There are some special family events where this condition may be altered, if so this will be detailed on the event page of the performance or available from our box office. To verify if a performance is nominated as a family event or a special family event please call our Box Office on (08) 9326 0000.
For the safety and security of all patrons, prams and baby capsules of any description cannot be taken into the auditorium. Aisles, stairways and stairwells must be kept clear at all times.
Concerts
Visit our What's On Calendar to book your tickets.
Support Us
Contribute to WASO with a donation.
Sounds & Stories
News, Reviews, Webcasts, Music and more!
Engagement
Explore our Education & Community programs.
wesfarmers-logo
© WASO 2020. All rights reserved. Made by
Carter.