https://waynemcgregor.com/terms-conditions
Terms & ConditionsPERSONAL DATAIn accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations (PECR), we will only gather and use your personal data in ways you have allowed us to.The personal data you supply when you join one of our email lists will be held and used by Studio Wayne McGregor to keep you up-to-date with our events and activities. Every marketing email we send gives the opportunity to unsubscribe at any time. If you would like to amend the information you have provided or think that our records are incorrect, please contact us at dataprotection@waynemcgregor.com.We will make every effort to keep your information secure and confidential.We will not pass your data on to third party companies without your prior consent unless the company in question is working on our behalf to provide services to which you have subscribed. We may share your personal information if we are required to by law or some legal process or if we believe disclosure is necessary in the public interest.View our Privacy PolicyIf you would like to know more about the personal information that we may hold about you, please contact us at dataprotection@waynemcgregor.com.WEBSITE CONDITIONS OF USEBy reading and continuing to use the site, you agree to the following conditions of use.The Studio Wayne McGregor Website is a service operated by Studio Wayne McGregor, Broadcast Centre, Here East, 10 East Bay Lane, Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park, London E15 2GW.Studio Wayne McGregor makes every effort to ensure that the information on this website is accurate and up-to-date. However, we cannot accept responsibility for any loss or inconvenience caused by reliance on inaccurate material contained in this site.Certain links, including hypertext links, in our site will take you outside our site. Links are provided for your convenience and inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement or approval by Studio Wayne McGregor of the linked site, its operator or its content. We are not responsible for the content of any website outside of our site.COPYRIGHTAll rights in the design, text, graphics and other material on our site and the selection or arrangement thereof is copyright of Studio Wayne McGregor or other third parties.Any use of the materials on our site (including reproduction for purposes other than noted above and alteration, modification, distribution or republication) without our prior written permission is strictly prohibited. Should you require permission for the above, please contact a member of our Communications team.COMPANY INFORMATIONStudio Wayne McGregor Limited (previously Random Dance Company Limited, trading as Wayne McGregor | Random Dance) Company Limited by Guarantee / Registered in England No. 02985577 / Registered Office Broadcast Centre, Here East, 10 East Bay Lane, Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park, London E15 2GW / Registered Charity No. 1090055 VAT No. 675 1680 14.ENVIRONMENTAL ACTION PLANWe are committed to reducing negative environmental impacts across the breadth of our activities, including those relating to energy consumption, water use, waste generation associated with office, touring, production and learning work. This commitment extends to procurement of goods and services. We measure and monitor all environmental impacts that we can reasonably gather data for, reporting the outcomes on an annual basis. For further information on our Environmental Action Plan please contact us at studio@waynemcgregor.com.  COOKIESWe currently operate an 'implied consent' policy which means that we assume you are happy with this usage. If you are not happy, then you should either not use this site, delete the cookies having visited the site, or browse the site using your browser's anonymous usage setting (called "Incognito" in Chrome, "InPrivate" for Internet Explorer, "Private Browsing" in Firefox and Safari etc.) For further information on how to delete cookies or adjust your settings visit aboutcookies.org.GOOGLE ANALYTICSWe use Google Analytics on this website, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. which uses cookies to help us analyse how this site is used. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. Please clickhere for more information on Google's privacy policy, or to opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics on all sites please visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptoutWe also use a number of third party service providers on this site, some of which may set cookies on your computer when you use the facility. For other sites' privacy policies please see the below links:Facebook:www.facebook.com/help/?page=176591669064814Twitter: twitter.com/privacyVimeo: vimeo.com/privacyYoutube: google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/We do not use any other third-party cookies.PURCHASES AND PAYMENTSWhen you use our website to purchase items online, we will collect personal information about you, including your address. This information is used for the fulfilment of your order only. Credit card transactions are processed through PayPal, for details of their privacy policy https://www.paypal.com/uk/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-fullEQUAL OPPORTUNITIESStudio Wayne McGregor is committed through its practices, policies, employment practises, services, access, artistic programming, training and board representation, and in all aspects of its work to providing equal opportunities to all. This policy is aimed to provide a framework for action and to ensure that no potential or actual employee, volunteer, client, customer or job applicant receives less favourable treatment or access to operations on grounds of gender, race, disability, colour, physical appearance, ethnic or national origin, marital status, sexual orientation, responsibility for dependants, religious belief, trade union activity, political opinion or affiliation, gender reassignment, class, accent, age or any other grounds. Studio Wayne McGregor will not tolerate unfair discrimination against any members of its staff by any of its employees or other persons appointed to the service of the company or using its services. All employees are obliged to observe the Company's Equal Opportunities Policy. Failure to do so may render an employee liable to disciplinary action. Studio Wayne McGregor is committed to making this policy properly effective. The company values people's differences and their present and potential contribution, regardless of membership of any group. As part of our approach to equal opportunities, Studio Wayne McGregor has an Equality Action Plan which acknowledges the benefits to the organisation of encompassing a variety of different groups within the organisation through all aspects of its work.Download the Equal Opportunities Policy here.