https://wellbalancedpianist.com/privacy-policy/
Home Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://wellbalancedpianist.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images or video to the Teacher Training Forum, please be aware that if you do not remove embedded location data (EXIF GPS), visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from your images or videos.
Contact forms
First, we want to assure you that we never have, and we never will sell any of the information you enter on our contact pages.  We ask you for your name so we know what to call you.  We ask you for your email address so we can respond to you, and for your telephone number in case we cannot reach you by email.  We ask for your location in case you are looking for a teacher in your area.  If you are writing to register for a Well-Balance Pianist program, we will also ask you for information we need to ensure that we are well prepared to teach you, and feed and house you if those are options.  If you are writing to request online lessons, we ask you for information that will ensure we can provide them to you.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
Embedded content from other websites
Be aware that anything someone posts from another website (embedded content) may include its own embedded content that behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
We do not share your data with anyone.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
We also store the personal information users who register on the Teacher Training Forum provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time with one exception: they cannot change their username. Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
We do not send your data anywhere.
Your contact information
If you write to us to promote your business, we will delete your message along with your contact information.  If you write to ask about piano training, we will put your name on our distribution lists to receive information about upcoming Well-Balanced Pianist programs.  You will receive one to five messages from us per year, and can easily unsubscribe.
Additional information
How we protect your data
Our web host provides security for your personal information.  We do not take in credit card or other payment information.
What third parties we receive data from
None.
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
None.