https://westlondonsinfonia.org/privacy-notice/
Privacy Notice
What is this guide for?
Whenever we need to collect any of your data, we will let you at that point why we need to do so and what it will be used for, but this guide provides a useful overview of all of those situations and provides more detail on how we keep your data secure and up to date, how long we might hold it for, and what your rights are in relation to it.
West London Sinfonia is committed to protecting your personal data and will use any personal or sensitive data we collect from you in line with the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR).
Who’s responsible for data the group collects?
West London Sinfonia is a Data Controller under the GDPR. West London Sinfonia’s Data Protection Officer is Andrew Keck who can be contacted at info@westlondonsinfonia.org.
What data do we collect and what do we use it for?
West London Sinfonia collects data from individuals to help us plan, organise and run the day-to-day operations of the group (e.g. co-ordinating rehearsals or collecting subscription payments) and to promote and market the group’s activities (e.g. marketing mailing lists, leaflets and posters, website, programmes and photography/video capture).
Members: for administering membership
When you join West London Sinfonia as a member, or during your membership with us, we may need to collect some of the following information on you:
Name
Email address
Phone number
postal address
Emergency contact details
Medical information
Age/gender
DBS checks
Bank details
Gift Aid Declarations
Photos/video footage
This data will be used by committee members to manage your membership with West London Sinfonia and to organise and run our activities.
If you give us your consent to do so, we may also use your contact details to send you marketing/promotional communications from the group.
Any marketing/promotional communication we send you will include a clear option to withdraw your consent (e.g. to ‘opt out’ of future emails) and you can also withdraw consent at any point by contacting the Data Protection Officer – Andrew Keck.
Event attendees: for processing and managing tickets for events
Where our events are ticketed, we need to collect data on the person booking (name and email) in order to allow you access to the event and to send you a confirmation of your reservation/purchase. This data will only be used for administering your access to the event/s for which you have booked and will not be used to send you marketing/promotional messages from the group unless you have also provided your consent to receive these (see below).
We use a secure link to our credit card processing provider and do not store your card details on our server except in truncated form sufficient to assist with resolution of any post purchase queries (last four digits of card number, expiry date, name of cardholder, type of card).
Employees and contractors: for administration and legal/regulatory purposes
We may need (for administration or for legal/regulatory reasons) to collect personal or sensitive data on employees or contractors of the group. Where this is the case, we will explain what this is for at the point of collection.
Mailing list subscribers: for marketing and promotion
We offer everybody the opportunity to sign up (consent) to receive marketing and promotional information on the group’s activities (e.g. emails about forthcoming events).
When you sign-up to our marketing mailing list we will ask for your name, email address and phone number and will use this data to send you information about our events and activities (e.g. forthcoming performances, social events and fundraising events). We may also ask for your preferred topics and communication methods. These allow us to tailor the information we provide to suit your preferences (e.g. email vs post).
We will only send you information that is related to West London Sinfonia (e.g. we will not use your data to send you marketing messages from 3rd parties).
Anything we send you will include a clear option to withdraw your consent (e.g. to ‘opt out’ of future emails) and you can also do so at any time by contacting the Data Protection Officer – Andrew Keck.
Do we share your data with anyone else?
We will never pass your details on to third parties for marketing purposes.
We sometimes use third party services to process your data (e.g. Google Drive, WordPress, iCloud, MailChimp and Dropbox). We will always make sure any third parties we use are reputable, secure, and process your data in accordance with your rights under GDPR.
We will also verify that wherever international data transfers are involved with any 3rd party these will be compliant with the GDPR requirement.
If another member of West London Sinfonia or person associated with the group asks for your contact details, we will only ever share them with your consent.
Are there special measures for children’s data?
We do not knowingly collect or store any personal data about children under the age of 13.
Once a child is over 13 years old, parental consent to use their data will no longer be sufficient. We will only continue to hold/use the data if the child themselves also gives their consent.
How can you update your data?
You can contact us at any time at info@westlondonsinfonia.org to update or correct the data we hold on you.
How long we will hold your data?
West London Sinfonia data retention policy is to review all data held on individuals at least every two years and remove data where we no longer have a legitimate reason to keep it.
Where you have withdrawn your consent for us to use your data for a particular purpose (e.g. unsubscribed from a mailing list) we may retain some of your data for up to two years in order to preserve a record of your consent having been withdrawn.
What rights do you have?
Under the GDPR, you have the following rights over your data and its use:
The right to be informed about what data we are collecting on you and how we will use it
The right of access – you can ask to see the data we hold on you
The right to rectification – you can ask that we update or correct your data
The right to object – you can ask that we stop using your data for a particular purpose
The right to erasure – you can ask us to delete the data we hold on you
The right to restrict processing – you can ask that we temporarily stop using your data while the reason for its use or its accuracy are investigated
Though unlikely to apply to the data we hold and process on you, you also have rights related to portability and automated decision making (including profiling)
All requests related to your rights should be made to the Data Protection Officer at info@westlondonsinfonia.org . We will respond within one month.
You can find out more about your rights on the Information Commissioner’s Office website
What will we do if anything changes?
If we make changes to our privacy statements or processes we will post the changes here. Where the changes are significant, we may also choose to email individuals affected with the new details. Where required by law, will we ask for your consent to continue processing your data after these changes are made.
Use of Cookies
What are ‘cookies’?
‘Cookies’ are small text files that are stored by the browser (for example, Internet Explorer) on your computer or electronic device. They allow websites to ‘remember’ you for a period of time so that they can store things like user preferences and make the website quicker and easier for you to use.
Without cookies, some things on websites would not be able to work: for example, without cookies it might not be possible to know whether or not you are logged in on a website, which would prevent you from being able to see content restricted to logged-in users.
How does the West London Sinfonia Orchestra website use cookies?
A visit to a page on the West London Sinfonia Orchestra website may create the following types of cookie:
Registration and preferences cookies
Anonymous analytics cookies
Registration and preferences cookies
When you register with West London Sinfonia Orchestra, we generate cookies that let us know whether you are signed in or not. Our servers use these cookies to work out which account you are signed in with, and if you are allowed access to a particular service. It also allows us to associate any comments you post with your username. If you have not selected ‘keep me signed in’, your cookies get deleted when you either close your browser or shut down your computer.
Anonymous analytics cookies
Every time someone visits our website, software provided by other organisations (WordPress) generates an ‘anonymous analytics cookie’.
These cookies can tell us whether or not you have visited the site before and what pages you visit. Your browser will tell us if you have these cookies and, if you don’t, we generate new ones. This allows us to track how many individual users we have, and how often they visit the site. We use them to gather statistics, for example, the number of visits to a page, to help us identify if visitors would benefit from more information on a particular area.
How do I turn cookies off?
It is usually possible to stop your browser accepting cookies, or to stop it accepting cookies from a particular website.
All modern browsers allow you to change your cookie settings. You can usually find these settings in the ‘options’ or ‘preferences’ menu of your browser. To understand these settings, the following links may be helpful, or you can use the ‘Help’ option in your browser for more details.
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Safari
Please note: switching off cookies may prevent some aspects of our website from working fully.
June 2018
Photography: Mark Esper,
John Maw.
We take our responsibilities for protection of your personal data seriously, refer to our Privacy Notice and Data Protection and Retention Policy.