https://wfmu.org/privacy-policy/
WFMU is not one of those evil multi-national conglomerates that is trying to collect as much data about you as possible so we can sell you shoes, cosmetics, and/or toilet paper. The truth is, we just don’t have the energy or the algorithms to determine the perfect mascara for your eyelash type.
But we do care about your privacy and in order to prove to you just how much we care about your privacy, we came up with a policy. That’s love, people. Policy = love.
Anything in bold below represents an attempt by an actual human to translate the legalese
Last Updated 4/15/15 .
Definitions.
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Terms of Use.
What, you’re gonna read this whole thing and skip the Terms of Use? For shame. You’ll miss out on all the sexy parts.
WFMU strives to preserve the privacy of Users of the Site.
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes the limited information that we may collect from you and how it may be used with respect to the Site. WFMU may modify the Privacy Policy at any time, with or without notice. Please check the Privacy Policy regularly for any updates. By accessing and using wfmu.org, you indicate that you understand and agree to the Privacy Policy and any subsequent changes to the Privacy Policy.
From time to time, we might modify this Privacy Policy, and we’ll try to let you know when we do. If the feds are after you, you’d better keep checking back just to be safe. Logging in to wfmu.org indicates that you agree to our Privacy Policy.
Information Collected from Regular Browsing.
Even if you do not log into wfmu.org, some of your information will be automatically recorded in our server access log. Whenever you browse or access the Site, we will record information including, but not limited to, your IP address, browser type, web page or audio and/or video file accessed, and the date and time of your request.
We use this information to observe traffic on the Site and to improve the services and functionality of the Site. We also analyze aggregate User activity on the Site using Google Analytics, which is subject to the privacy policy of Google, Inc. (available on Google’s website).
Even if you don’t log in we are still gonna keep track of info like your IP address, web browser type, and the pages/files you accessed because this is the sort of boring crap that helps us improve our site. It’s for your own good.
Information You Provide.
When you register for a Member account, we may request basic information about you including, but not limited to, your name, email address, city, state, zip code, country, your Member login name, and your Member password. Please note that we will be able to link your IP address to your Member account. We may use your data to help us deliver better services on the Site, when you log into your account. You may receive personal emails from WFMU regarding your use of the Site, including, but not limited to, communications confirming your account status.
Please be aware that any personal information that you post in a comment or review on the Site can be viewed by the public. We are not responsible for information that you post in publicly viewable areas.
When you sign up, we’ll ask for certain info that will be kept private, such as your e-mail address. But don’t blame us if you accidentally post your shoe size on a publicly accessible page and then come to regret doing so later.
Disclosure of Information.
All information that we collect from you and any information that you provide can be accessed by our system administrators.
We will not share your information with any other parties, but we may be legally required to disclose your information to local law enforcement authorities or other parties in response to warrants, subpoenas, or other valid legal process.
WFMU admins will have access to information you provide, but we won’t share it or use it against you unless you do something stupid or the law comes looking for you.
Changing your information.
You may log into your account to change any personal information that you had previously submitted to WFMU. Such changes will be reflected promptly on our server.
When you register for a Member account, you may receive email notifications from the WFMU. If you do not want to receive these emails, you may unsubscribe from the email list, and the list will be updated immediately to reflect your change.
You can update the info on your profile page. We might send you an e-mail about your account from time to time, and if you hate it you can opt out.
De-activating your account.
You may de-activate your Member account by logging into your existing account and following the procedures for de-activating the account. Please note that your most recent information may remain on our servers. We try to preserve this data in case you choose to re-activate your account in the future, though we do not guarantee that your account can be completely restored.
You can dump us at any time.
Links to Independent Websites.
WFMU may display links to independent, third-party websites. We are not responsible for any information that third-party websites collect from you.
Don’t blame us if another site collects information from you.
Minors.
This website is intended for adults only, and we will not knowingly collect personal information from minors under thirteen (13) years of age. If you are a parent or legal guardian of a minor under age thirteen (13) who you believe has submitted personal information to this site, please contact us immediately.
WFMU is a playground for people who are 13 or older.
Facebook Policy
As a registered Facebook user, you are also subject to Facebook’s privacy policy. Please check your Facebook account privacy settings for further information.
You may choose to share your Facebook profile information on your WFMU Profile, by activating the app on your Profile Settings page when you log in to your account on wfmu.org.
By choosing to share your Facebook information with WFMU, you are agreeing to make available to us your basic account information from Facebook (as defined by facebook.com), and any posts, updates, photos, links, and other content that appears in your Facebook News Feed.
Use of the WFMU Facebook app means you agree to make PUBLIC your Facebook name, profile image, recent posts, status updates, photos and links, and potentially other users’ Facebook comments on those items.
WFMU will store this information from your Facebook account for a few of your most recent posts, but this data is collected solely for the purpose of the app’s functionality and will not be used, consumed, or stored for any other reason.
The Facebook widget may be deactivated from your Profile Settings page at any time. WFMU will only retain data long enough to display it in the public widget; i.e. if the widget is deactivated, we will discard all stored data about the posts.
WFMU allows you to embed info from your Facebook account on your publicly-accessible profile page. If you think that’s creepy, don’t do it. If you are into the idea, read the info above.