http://whatsonbristol.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy and Security
Whats on Group is committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you to process orders and to provide a more personalized display booking experience. Please read on for more details about our privacy policy.Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it. Your acceptance of this Privacy Policy is deemed to occur upon your first use of Our Site. If you do not accept and agree with this Privacy Policy, you must stop using Our Site immediately.Information About UsOur Site is owned and operated by Whats on Group Ltd, a limited company, registered in England under company number 5104371.Registered address: Whats on Bristol, 62 North Street, Bedminster, Bristol, BS3 1HJ.Trading address: Whats on Bristol, 62 North Street, Bedminster, Bristol, BS3 1HJ.Email address: info@whatsongroup.net.Telephone number: 01179632263.Postal Address: Whats on Bristol, 62 North Street, Bedminster, Bristol, BS3 1HJWhat information do we collect and how do we use it?In order to fulfil services requested by you we need to collect and store some personal data about you. Depending upon your use of our services, We may collect some or all of the following personal (and non-personal) data.namedate of birthgenderbusiness/company namejob titleprofessioncontact information such as email addresses and telephone numbersdemographic information such as post code, business addressfinancial information such as credit / debit card numbersWhen you order, we need to know your name, e-mail address, invoice address, credit or debit card number, card’s expiry date, and the card’s registered address. This allows us to process your order and to notify you of the status of your order.We request a contact telephone number in the event that we can contact you if there is a problem with your order.If you opt in, we may also use the information we collect to send you details of any promotions and email you special offers, magazine releases, changes to the web site and other information we think you’ll find valuable. If you would rather not receive notification please call our main telephone number or unsubscribe in your User Profile.Any personal information that you submit on this website is controlled by What’s On Group Limited. In the event that any or all of What’s On Group is sold to a third party, this information may be passed on to that third party as part of the sale process.All personal data is processed and stored securely, for no longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected. We will comply with Our obligations and safeguard your rights under the (Data Protection Act 1998) OR (GDPR) at all times. Our use of your personal data will always have a lawful basis, either because it is necessary for Our performance of a contract with you, because you have consented to Our use of your personal data (e.g. by subscribing to emails), or because it is in Our legitimate interests.Providing and managing your AccountSupplying Our (products) AND/OR (services) to you (please note that We require your personal data in order to enter into a contract with you)Personalising and tailoring Our (products) AND/OR (services) for youReplying to emails from youSupplying you with emails that you have opted into (you may unsubscribe or opt-out at any time by notification)Market researchWhile cookies are used to maintain a user’s position within the site we do not use them to store permanent data or information. Furthermore we do not disclose personal data unless authorized to do so. Personal data is only used to process payment details, prevent/detect fraud, send notifications of change in content and no personal data is collected from those who are classed as visitors to the site.How do we protect customer information?When you place an order or access your account information, you are connected to our secure server. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. All customer information is stored on a server which is not directly connected to the Internet. Furthermore, all information is collected lawfully and in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.Will Whats on Group disclose the information it collects to outside parties?The Whats on websites does not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others.Whats on Group may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns and related site information to reputable third-party vendors, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information.Personal information may be disclosed where What’s On Group is required or compelled to do so for regulatory or legal purposes.This privacy policy may be updated from time to time and visitors to the site are advised to check the policy on a regular basis.Your RightsAs a data subject, you have the following rights under the GDPR.The right to be informed about Our collection and use of personal data;The right of access to the personal data We hold about youThe right to rectification if any personal data We hold about you is inaccurate or incompleteThe right to be forgotten – i.e. the right to ask Us to delete any personal data We hold about you (We only hold your personal data for a limited time, as explained above but if you would like Us to delete it sooner, please contact UsThe right to restrict (i.e. prevent) the processing of your personal data;The right to data portability (obtaining a copy of your personal data to re-use with another service or organisation);The right to object to Us using your personal data for particular purposes; and Rights with respect to automated decision making and profiling.If you have any cause for complaint about Our use of your personal data, please contact Us and We will do Our best to solve the problem for you. If We are unable to help, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the UK’ssupervisory authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office. For further information about your rights, please contact the Information Commissioner’s Office or your local Citizens Advice BureauTo contact us about anything to do with your personal data and data protection, including to make a subject access request, please use the following details (for the attention of Nikki Cook):Email address: info@whatsongroup.net.Telephone number: 01179632263.Postal Address: Whats on Bristol, 62 North Street, Bedminster, Bristol, BS3 1HJ..We welcome your questions and comments about privacy.Use of cookiesWhat is a cookie?A cookie is a simple text file that is stored on a user’s computer (or mobile device) that is created when a user visits a website using a program called a browser.What Cookies are used by this site?If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.Embedded content from other websitesArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.CommentsWhen visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.MediaIf you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.Changes to this Privacy PolicyWe may change this Privacy Notice from time to time. This may be necessary, for example, if the law changes, or if we change our business in a way that affects personal data protection.Any changes will be immediately posted on Our Site and you will be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Privacy Policy on your first use of Our Site following the alterations. We recommend that you check this page regularly to keep up-to-date.
Cart
×
View all results
No results
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy