https://wheatoncollege.edu/policies/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Return to Campus
Alumni
Athletics
Giving
Parents & Families
insideWheaton
Navigation menu
Academics
Academics
Majors, Minors & DepartmentsWith more than 600 courses, 47 majors and 59 minors you will find plenty of opportunities to discover how the arts and sciences, humanities and social sciences compliment each other.
Faculty DirectoryWheaton faculty are renowned researchers, celebrated scholars, and influential artists, and they are all dedicated to teaching excellence.
The Wheaton Curriculum
Projects & Initiatives
Library
Global & Intercultural
Advising & Career Services
Course Catalog
Provost
Admission
Admission
Financial Aid & Merit ScholarshipsNeed-based financial aid is awarded to more than 65% of Wheaton students and our generous merit scholarships recognize students for high academic achievement, regardless of financial need.
Tuition & FeesWe understand a Wheaton College education is a substantial investment. But we want you to know the college is equally invested in making a Wheaton education within reach.
International Students
Transfer Students
Pre-College Programs
Visiting Wheaton
Applying to Wheaton
Meet the Admission Staff
Campus Life
Campus Life
Activities & OrganizationsAt Wheaton College you can find ways to do it all. Take your pick from more than 100 student-run clubs and organizations or start your own.
Housing & DiningMost of our students live on campus, creating a lively social scene, and are actively engaged in student clubs and activities.
Health & Wellness
Recreation & Fitness
Religious & Spiritual Life
Safety on Campus
Social Justice & Community Impact
Student Services
About Wheaton
About Wheaton
The BasicsWheaton is located in Norton, Massachusetts and enrolls approximately 1750 students representing more than 70 countries and 30 U.S. states.
The Wheaton EdgeWheaton prides itself on a personal and engaged academic and co-curricular learning experience for our students.
Campus & Community
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
History & Traditions
Offices & Services
Outcomes & Impact
President & College Leadership
Sustainability
Search
type keywords here
Enter
×
Privacy Policy
Policies
Web Accessibility Notice
Policy Against Abuse of Drugs and Alcohol
Alcohol Policy
Drug Policy
Digital Millennium Copyright Act
Disabilities
Discrimination and Harassment Policies
Fund-raising on campus
Graduation Rate
Hazing Policy
Policy on the Health and Safety of Minors
Inclement Weather Guidelines and Information
Intellectual Property Policy
Mobile Apps Policies
Notice of Nondiscrimination
Privacy Policy
Smoking Policy
Travel Advisory Policy
Uncrewed Aircraft (Drone) Policy
Wheaton College Website Privacy Policy
Wheaton College is committed to maintaining the privacy of any information provided by visitors to our website. In this policy we address what information we collect from you and how we use that information. By accessing or using the Wheaton College website, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and accept this Website Privacy Policy and its terms.
Information Collected
Personally Identifiable Information
We collect information from you when you fill out an online form. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Aggregate User Tracking Information
Aggregate information is data we collect about the use of the Website from which individual identities or other personally identifying information has been removed. In other words, information about how you use the Website may be collected and combined with information about how others use the same Website. Aggregate data helps us understand trends and our users’ needs so that we can better consider new features or otherwise tailor our Website. This Privacy Policy in no way restricts or limits our collection and use of aggregate information.
Use of Cookies
We use cookies to help identify and track visitors, their usage of the Website, and their access preferences. If you wish to block, erase, or be warned of cookies, please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn about these functions. We use temporary “session” cookies to maintain information we need to have in order for you to browse from page to page. Session cookies are temporary and disappear after you close your browser. In all cases in which cookies are used, the cookie will not collect personally identifiable information. You can prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or disable cookies altogether by accessing your browser’s preferences menu.
How the College Uses Information
Personally Identifiable Information
Your submitted information will be used for the expressed purpose to deliver the product, services or materials requested. Your information will be used to communicate with you information and updates pertaining to your request, in addition to receiving occasional news, updates or related information pertaining to college activities or business.
Disclosure to Third Parties
We will not share your information with third parties except:
To the extent required by law;
As necessary to protect the College’s interests;
To facilitate the Website’s operation;
In accordance with your instructions; or
As identified in this Privacy Policy
Aggregate User Information
We may display an aggregated view of the aggregated user information publicly or provide it to others. We do not display this information with any personally identifying information.
Security
This site has reasonable, physical, technical and administrative security measures in place to prevent unauthorized access to or loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our purview and control.
External links
The College website may contain links to other third-party websites whose privacy policies are beyond our control. Wheaton College is not responsible for the privacy policies, practices or content of such websites.
Updating, Changing or Removing Information; Opting Out
Users or members who wish to subscribe or unsubscribe to College communications may do so by emailing info@wheatoncollege.edu and identifying their relationship to the College.
The College may take a reasonable time to respond to any request to update or modify any information, or to opt out of or unsubscribe from any communications. Additionally, some information may be retained for a period of time in backups and deletion records.
Policy for Users of the Website under Age 13
This website is not directed at individuals under the age of 13. The College will not accept or request personally identifiable information from individuals we know to be under the age of 13.
About This Policy
The Wheaton College Website Privacy Policy is effective immediately and we reserve the right to change, alter or modify this policy for any reason at any time without notice to you. Any changes to this policy will be posted here, and will be effective immediately.
Questions or Comments
If you have questions or comments about the administration of this site, please contact the college by emailing info@wheatoncollege.edu.
Visit Wheaton
Learn more about when and how you can visit our campus.
Request Info
Receive announcements and materials based upon your academic interests.
Apply Now
Ready to apply? Check out our requirements and deadlines.