https://widespreadpanic.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy The Information We Collect
We only collect information from you when you enter information into our form fields. You may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, phone number, mailing address, phone number, and to disclose information about your company, needs, and aspirations.
How We Use The Information
Any of the information we collect from you may be used:
To personalize your experience
To improve our website
To improve customer service
To send periodic emails
To contact you
How We Protect Your Information
We implement security measures to maintain the safety of the personal information you enter, submit, or access. This information is stored in a password protected database.
All About Cookies
“Cookies” are files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer hard drive through your Web browser (when you allow it) that enables sites or service providers to recognize your browser and capture certain information. We use cookies to help us remember, understand and save your preferences for future visits, compile aggregate data about site traffic and interaction so that we can offer better experiences and tools in the future. This information is collected anonymously and includes no personally identifiable information. No personally identifiable information is collected on this website unless that information is explicitly submitted via a form. This anonymous information generated by cookies is transmitted to Google where it is processed to generate anonymous, aggregate reporting on website activity strictly for the domain https://widespreadpanic.com/.These reports are used to gain insight on how best to optimize the user experience, content and marketing at https://widespreadpanic.com/.
Remarketing
Cookies are also used to display advertisements, based upon the user’s previous visits to https://widespreadpanic.com/ across the internet. Remarketing advertisements are displayed through Google’s display-advertisement network. Users may opt out of Google’s use of cookies at any time by visiting Google Ads Preferences Manager.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade or transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
Website:
https://widespreadpanic.com/
Address:
400 Foundry Street
Athens, GA 30601
Email:
mail@widespreadpanic.com
‘SPREAD THE WORD!
Sign Up For Our Newsletter
Keep up with band news, tour announcements, side projects and all things WP
Email Address
We respect your privacy.
Widespread Panic
@WidespreadPanic
A message from John Bell on @Nucisspace's 20th Anniversary.
Donate to Nuçi's Space:
s://t.co/uFT7WOEXdl
View on Twitter