https://wishlistfoundation.org/private-policy/
About Us
Mission
Who We Are
What We Are
What We Do
Our History
Events
Upcoming Events
Event Calendar
Past Events
News
Membership
Shop
Donate Now
Sign InSign Up
Private PolicyWishlist Foundation
Private Policy
Welcome to the WishlistFoundation.org Web Site (the “Site”), also known as wishlistfoundation.com and any subsections therein. Wishlist Foundation provides this Site as a service to its users. Please review the following basic rules that govern your use of our Site (the “Agreement”). Please note that your use of our Site constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by these terms. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use this Site.
Although you may “bookmark” a particular portion of this Site and thereby bypass this Agreement, your use of this Site still binds you to the terms. Wishlist Foundation reserves the right to update or modify these Terms and Conditions at any time without prior notice. Your use of the WishlistFoundation.org web site following any such changes constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the Terms and Conditions as changed. For this reason, we encourage you to review these Terms and Conditions whenever you use this web site.
01. USAGE RESTRICTIONS INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
All of the content you see and hear on the WishlistFoundation.org web site, including, for example, all of the page headers, images, illustrations, graphics, audio clips, video clips, and text are subject to trademark, service mark, trade dress, copyright and/or other intellectual property rights or licenses held by Wishlist Foundation, one of its affiliates or by third parties who have licensed their materials to Wishlist Foundation. The entire content of the WishlistFoundation.org web site is copyrighted as a collective work under U.S. copyright laws, and coordination, arrangement and enhancement of the content.
The content of the WishlistFoundation.org web site, and the site as a whole, are intended solely for the personal, noncommercial use by the users of our site. You may download, print or store selected portions of the content, provided you (1) only use these materials for your own personal, noncommercial use, (2) do not copy or post the content on any network computer or broadcast the content in any media, and (3) do not modify or alter the content in any way, or delete or change any copyright or trademark notice.
No right, title or interest in any content or materials is transferred to you as a result of any such activities. Wishlist Foundation reserves complete title and full intellectual property rights in any content you download, reproduce, print, redistribute or store from this web site.
Wishlist Foundation is a service mark. Except as noted above, you may not copy, download, reproduce, modify, publish, redistribute, retransmit, publicly display, publicly perform or create derivative works from the content without first obtaining written permission from Wishlist Foundation.
02. USER COMMENTS, FEEDBACK, POSTCARDS AND OTHER SUBMISSIONS
All comments, feedback, postcards, suggestions, ideas, and other submissions disclosed, submitted or offered to WishlistFoundation.org on or by this Site or otherwise disclosed, submitted or offered in connection with your use of this Site (collectively, the “Comments”) shall be and remain Wishlist Foundation property. Such disclosure, submission or offer of any Comments shall constitute an assignment to Wishlist Foundation of all worldwide rights, titles and interests and shall not be limited in any way in its use, commercial or otherwise, of any Comments. Thus, Wishlist Foundation will own exclusively all such rights, titles and interests and shall not be limited in any way in its use, commercial or otherwise, of any Comments. Wishlist Foundation is and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any Comments in confidence; (2) to pay to user any compensation for any Comments; or (3) to respond to any user Comments.
You agree that no Comments submitted by you to the Site will violate any right of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary rights(s). You further agree that no Comments submitted by you to the Site will be or contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material. You are and shall remain solely responsible for the content of any comments you make.
03. DONATION GIFT POLICY
At WishlistFoundation.org, our commitment is to offer convenience, service, and product availability on-line every day, with certain limited time offerings of merchandise at promotional prices. WishlistFoundation donates proceeds of its sales to several charitable nonprofit organizations.
04. COLORS
We have done our best to display as accurately as possible the colors of the items shown on the WishlistFoundation.org web site. However, because the colors you see will depend on your monitor, we cannot guarantee that your monitor’s display of any color will be accurate.
05. CORRECTION OF ERRORS AND INACCURACIES
The information on the WishlistFoundation.org web site may contain typographical errors or inaccuracies and may not be complete or current. We therefore reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change and update information at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your donation). Please note that such errors, inaccuracies or omissions may relate to product description, donation level fee and availability. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you. If you are not fully satisfied with your WishlistFoundation.org donation gift you may return it with the original WishlistFoundation.org packing receipt. Please see our Return Policy.
06. TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS
In the event an WishlistFoundation.org donation gift item is listed at an incorrect donation value due to typographical error or systems error, WishlistFoundation.org shall have the right to refuse or cancel any donations placed to receive the donation gift listed at the incorrect donation value level.
WishlistFoundation.org shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such donations whether or not the donation gift has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the donation and your donation is canceled, WishlistFoundation.org shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
07. TERM; TERMINATION
These terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site or completing the registration or donation process. These terms and conditions, or any of them, may be terminated by WishlistFoundation.org without notice at any time for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.
08. NOTICE
WishlistFoundation.org may deliver notice to you by means of electronic mail, a general notice on the site, or by written communication delivered by first class U.S. mail to your address on record in WishlistFoundation.org account information.
09 ENFORCEMENT OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
By accessing and using the WishlistFoundation.org web site, you agree that your access to and use of the WishlistFoundation.org web site is subject to these Terms and Conditions, as well as all applicable laws, as governed and interpreted pursuant to the laws of the State of Illinois, United States of America.
10. USE OF SITE
Harassment in any manner or form of the site, including via e-mail and chat or by obscene or abusive language is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a Wishlist Foundation or other licensed employee, host, or representative as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through this site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or organization.
11. INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Wishlist Foundation, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the “Service Providers”) from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorney’s fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.
12. THIRD PARTY LINKS
In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Wishlist Foundation may choose various third-party web sites to link to from its own site. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Wishlist Foundation, Wishlist Foundation has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Wishlist Foundation. Wishlist Foundation has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions and is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. None the less, Wishlist Foundation seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
13. DISCLAIMER
THIS SITE AND THE MATERIALS AND PRODUCTS IN THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, WISHLIST FOUNDATION DISCLAIMS WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMNT. WISHLIST FOUNDATION DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT THE DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THIS SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES THE SITE AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. WISHLIST FOUNDATION DOES NOT MAKE ANY WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OF THE MATERIALS IN THIS SITE IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, ADEQUACY, USEFULNESS, TIMELINESS, RELIABILITY OR OTHERWISE. THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
14. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
WISHLIST FOUNDATION SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE MATERIALS ON THIS SITE OR THE PERFORMANCE OF THE PRODUCTS, EVEN IF WISHLIST FOUNDATION HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES. APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY OR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
******************************************************
Privacy Policy
Wishlist Foundation is respectful about the privacy concerns of the visitors to this site. Wishlist Foundation also recognizes the valuable potential of technology to help people communicate with the companies whose web sites they visit, particularly through user databases. WishlistFoundation.org is committed to providing our customers with a secure web site to donate and will only collect the personal information that is necessary to process your donation. Our users should feel assured that access to this information will be limited to the appropriate employees and will never be sold or given to any other company.
Our users should feel confident that the personal information is transmitted over secure servers. This information is necessary to properly process your donation. Our systems limit access to this information only to employees who may need it to process your order. To complete a credit card transaction, the pertinent credit card information is securely forwarded to our credit card processor for authorization. WishlistFoundation.org guarantees that our users will only pay for those items, which they have actually authorized.
Please read the following information to learn more about how and why we collect information and how the information is safeguarded.
What our Privacy Policy Covers
This Privacy Policy covers any personal information that Wishlist Foundation obtains from you when you use services on our site. This policy does not cover the practices of companies that Wishlist Foundation does not own or control, or the actions of people that Wishlist Foundation does not employ or manage.
Our Privacy Policy may change in the future. We invite you to check back periodically to see if we have made any changes. If we make any material changes, we will post a notice on our home page.
By using this site, you agree to the terms of our Policy. For more information about the terms of use for this site, please visit our Terms of Use page.
What & When Personal Information is Collected
Wishlist Foundation will ask you for your information, including some personal data, if you use one of services below: Note: If you decide not to provide information, you may not be able to use some of our services.
Registration: In order to register, you need to share some personal information, such as your name and e-mail address. You do not have to be a registered user to visit WishlistFoundation.org’s web pages. But, you will have to register if you want to make a monetary donation or take advantage of the full features of our site.
Making a Donation: When a user places a donation through our web site, we will ask for your donation payment method preference, credit card account number and expiration date (if applicable), name as it appears on your credit card, “bill to” address, daytime phone number, and e-mail address. By making a donation, you become a registered user of WishlistFoundation.org. You can choose to store information needed to make a donation, such as your credit card number, shipping and billing addresses. If you change your mind about storing this information, you can amend or delete it by going to the relevant area of the My Account page and following the instructions. You can access this section using your registration password.
Sweepstakes, Contests and Surveys: Contests are open only to U.S. residents who are 13 years of age or older. If you are a teen under 16 years of age, you must have your parent or guardian’s permission before providing any personal information. When signing up for contests, we will ask for your name, address, state, zip code, phone number, gender, date of birth and e-mail address. This information will assist us in contacting and validating the winners. Contest sponsors may utilize your personal information based on which opt-in(s) you have selected on the contest entry pages to receive future information from them. In addition to the information stated above, we may also request information regarding customer preferences such as favorite brands or music. Providing answers to these questions is optional. This type of information assists us in providing products and services that might interest our users.
Newsletters: WishlistFoundation.org likes to keep its users informed about charitable events, latest donation gift items, special offers, contests and auctions through our online newsletter. You can unsubscribe from the e-mail newsletter at any time. If you would like to unsubscribe from the newsletter, you may do so by clicking on the unsubscribe link included in each e-mail or by e-mailing us at info(at)WishlistFoundation.org.
IP Addresses: WishlistFoundation.org uses IP addresses only to resolve system problems and deter unauthorized access to our web site.
How Wishlist Foundation Protects Your Information
We realize that our users trust us to protect their personal information. We take that task seriously. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your personal information. For example:
We use industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (“SSL”) authentication to guarantee the confidentiality of online transactions made on our site. SSL authentication and encryption of the information that you send to us over the Internet help protect your online transaction information from third party nterception.
Unfortunately, despite all of our efforts, there is always a risk that third parties may unlawfully intercept transmissions. This reality is true of all Internet use. As a result, we cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit, and you transmit all information at your own risk.
How Wishlist Foundation Uses Your Personal Information
Wishlist Foundation collects personal information primarily to make our services more rewarding for you to use. We usually use this information for internal purposes, such as studying our users’ preferences. We may also use your information to contact you for account and promotional purposes.
Who Views Your Personal Information
Wishlist Foundation may only share your personal information with companies that perform services for us, such as fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mails, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, investigating fraud, conducting customer surveys, and providing customer service. They have access to information needed to perform their functions, but may not disclose your personally identifiable information for other purposes. Wishlist Foundation may share your personal information with other web sites for research and promotional purposes.
Some personal information is stored on servers owned by other companies. Only Wishlist Foundation has the right to access this information.
Wishlist Foundation does not currently sell or license personal information. Before selling or licensing your personal information, we will post a notice in this Privacy Policy and on our home page.
At this time, Wishlist Foundation does not share any personal information with its affiliates. It is possible that this policy will change in the future. If we do decide to share information with our affiliates, we will post a notice in this Privacy Policy and on our home page.
Children Under 13
Wishlist Foundation.com does not intentionally collect information from children under the age of 13. This policy is designed to protect children. Federal law requires us to take special steps to safeguard children’s privacy. If you register with us and we discover that you are under 13, we will delete your registration. We will not send you a message if we do this. If you are under 13 and want to make a donation, please ask a parent to place the donation for you.
Note to Parents:
If your child is under 13 and has become registered using a false age, please notify us, we will immediately close the account and nullify all personally identifiable information collected from them.
Cookies on WishlistFoundation.org
We collect some anonymous information about how you use the site by setting and accessing cookies on your computer. These cookies track information such as how often you visit our web site, what pages you view, and where you go after you leave the site. The cookies track your computer, not you. They are not connected to any personal information about you. This information will be in the form of a “Cookie” or similar file and will help us in many ways. For example, Cookies allow us to tailor a web site or advertisement to better match your interests and preferences or make shopping and purchasing merchandise more convenient for you. With most Internet Browsers, you can erase Cookies from your computer hard drive, block all Cookies, or receive a warning before a Cookie is stored. Please refer to your Browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions.
Wishlist Foundation contracts with third party service partners to provide us with data collection, storage and reporting services. Under no circumstances are these partners permitted to use your information in any manner, other than to help us make our site more useful and efficient for our visitors. Service partners are required to sign confidentiality agreements and will abide by Wishlist Foundation’s privacy policies.
Summary
To protect our members and our reputation, Wishlist Foundation is committed to providing a safe, comfortable online shopping environment. Our servers are secured and access to personal information is limited. WishlistFoundation.org guarantees the safety of your information and will only charge you for donations that are properly authorized. If you have any comments or concerns, you may either e-mail us at info(a)WishlistFoundation.org anytime.
Questions About This Policy
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or the content or practices of our website, you can contact Wishlist Foundation directly at: wishlistfoundation (at) gmail D0T com.
or
Wishlist Foundation
P.O. Box 3868
Naperville, IL 60567-3868
Search
Latest NewsThis All Encompassing Trip Celebrates 10 Years by Releasing a Hardcover VersionNovember 23, 2020Wish List Sets 1, 2, 3, & 4 : “SoundGirls Awareness Project”October 24, 2020Wish List Set #4 (The Encore): SoundGirls Awareness ProjectOctober 16, 2020“SoundGirls Awareness Project”: Audio Engineer, Tour Manager and Composer/Musician – Dana WachsOctober 13, 2020Wish List Set #3: SoundGirls Awareness ProjectOctober 9, 2020Wish List Set #2: SoundGirls Awareness ProjectOctober 2, 2020Upcoming Events2020 Pearl Jam Preparty Fundraiser BudapestJuly 14, 2020Budapest, HungaryEUROPE2020 Pearl Jam Preparty Fundraiser LondonJuly 10, 2020EUROPELondon, UK2020 Pearl Jam Preparty Fundraiser Oakland 2April 19, 2020Oakland, CAUSA2020 Pearl Jam Preparty Fundraiser Oakland 1April 18, 2020Oakland, CAUSA2020 Pearl Jam Preparty Fundraiser Los Angeles 2April 16, 2020Los Angeles, CAUSA2020 Pearl Jam Preparty Fundraiser Los Angeles 1April 15, 2020Los Angeles, CAUSA
This site uses cookies. Find out more about cookies and how you can refuse them.
I Accept
Sign In
Remember MeSign inLost Password?Create an Account Loading...
Sign Up
Be MemberBy creating an account you agree to our
terms and conditions and our
privacy policy.
Loading...