https://wordpreneur.com/about/disclaimer-privacy/
| About| Disclaimer & Privacy
Disclaimer & Privacy
This website is provided as a service to the public. Wordpreneur.com is not responsible for, and expressly disclaims all liability for, damages of any kind arising out of use, reference to, or reliance on any information contained within the site. While the information contained within the site is periodically updated, no guarantee is given that the information provided in this website is correct, complete, and up-to-date.
Although the site may include links providing direct access to other Internet websites and resources, Wordpreneur.com has not participated in the development of those other sites and does not exert any editorial or other control over those sites. Wordpreneur.com is not responsible for the accuracy or content of information contained in these sites.
Links from Wordpreneur.com to third-party sites do not necessarily constitute an endorsement of the parties or their products and services. The appearance on the website of advertisements and product or service information does not constitute an endorsement, and best operate under the assumption that Wordpreneur.com has not investigated the claims made by any advertiser. Product information is based solely on material received from suppliers.
Opinions
Opinions expressed by contributors that appear on this site are not necessarily those of Wordpreneur.com.
Privacy Statement
The names and contact information on this site are published with permission — both explicit and implied.
Any contact information Wordpreneur.com may collect through this website, such as email addresses for email mailing lists, are kept private and secure to the best of our abilities and not intended to be shared with any other parties.
Product Endorsements
Reference herein to any specific commercial firm, commercial product, process, or service by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not constitute or imply its endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by Wordpreneur.com, unless specifically indicated as so.
Spread the love
Pardon the Mess!
The site is undergoing some overdue maintenance and an overhaul. Thanks for your patience! If you wish updates on the site, enter your email address below.
Yes, send me Wordpreneur progress and update emails.
Your Email: