https://wosu.org/privacy-policy/
Now more than ever, public media is essential. Give Now.
Home
Privacy Policy
At WOSU, we recognize the importance of privacy to visitors of our website. This privacy policy explains what type of information is collected from you when you visit our website.
WOSU Public Media does not collect personally identifying information from the WOSU website unless you choose to provide that information to us.
Visitors under the age of 18 must obtain permission from their parents or guardians before sending any personally identifying information to WOSU.
All of the information collected by WOSU Public Media is used for internal purposes only and is not distributed to any other well-established charitable, cultural, nonprofit organizations or parties outside The Ohio State University.
Like all other web servers, WOSU’s web server automatically creates log files for each visitor who accesses our site. These “access logs” allow us to make our site more useful to our visitors. The access logs do not record a visitor’s name, unless watching a video through WOSU Passport, address, phone number, credit card numbers, or any other personally identifying information. Rather, they contain some or all of the following information:
The Internet Protocol Address (IP Address) of the machine which accessed our website.
The date of the visit.
The time of the visit.
The path taken through our website.
The browser being used.
A list of files downloaded or viewed.
The amount of time spent listening to audio or watching a video.
Any errors encountered.
Most Internet Service Providers use a “dynamic” form of assigning IP Addresses. This means that a visitor may have a different IP Address each time he or she visits the wosu.org. Also, many Internet Service Providers use “Proxy servers” which provide even more anonymity for visitors.
WOSU reserves the right to change this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted to this page as soon as reasonably possible, so please check this page periodically. Use of the WOSU Web site constitutes consent to any policy then in effect.
If you have any questions or comments concerning our privacy policy, please contact us.