https://wpbells.org/guild-privacy-policy/
Personal data relates to a living individual who can be identified from that data.  Identification can be by the information alone or in conjunction with any other information in the data controller’s possession or likely to come into such possession. The processing of personal data is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”).
The Winchester and Portsmouth Diocesan Guild of Church Bell Ringers (the Guild) understands the importance of the GDPR for protecting the rights of its members, officers and other individuals with whom the Guild has contact.  The Guild takes these obligations seriously and has developed this policy governing how and why we may collect, store and publish personal data.
1. This policy has been developed to ensure:
a. Guild members and other individuals interacting with the Guild have a clear understanding of how the Guild may collect and use their personal information.
b. All Guild officers are aware of their responsibilities with respect to collection, storage and usage of personal data.
c. The Guild has good governance processes in place to monitor our compliance with the GDPR.
d. This policy has been developed using guidance published by several sources. Notably, the Central Council of Church Bell Ringers (CCCBR), the Church of England (CofE) and the Information Commissioners Office (ICO).
2. What is the legal basis for processing personal data?
a. The Guild processes personal data on the understanding that once a person has become a member of the Guild, the Guild has a “legitimate interest” in processing that members’ personal data.
b. Explicit consent of each person (data subject) is also obtained so that the Guild can keep members informed about news, events, activities and services.
c. Processing is also necessary for carrying out the Guild’s legal obligations, such as in relation to Gift Aid.
d. Sometimes non-members e.g. Tower Correspondents will come into contact with the Guild. The Guild will also process any information provided by non-members in the same way.
3. Your rights and your personal data
a. Under GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data held by the Guild:
b. The right to be informed: Data subjects must be told what personal data is being held, what it is being used for and why.
c. The right of access: Data subjects are allowed to see what data of theirs is being processed, upon request.
d. The right of rectification: If personal data held by the Guild is incorrect, the Guild has an obligation to change it.
e. The right to request erasure: Data subjects can ask for the deletion or removal of their personal data.
f. The right to restrict processing: Data subjects may block the processing of their personal data. The Guild can store the information, but is not allowed to process it
g. The right to object: if a data subject does not like the way their data is being used, they can request that the use is stopped.
h. The right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office.
4. How Do We Process Personal Information.
a. As a membership based organisation the Guild collects and maintains a database(s) of basic information on all our members. This data may include the member’s name, address, email, phone number, subscription payment, nomination and bell ringing history information.
b. This information is used to communicate with members, prepare the annual report, and otherwise meet any other operational requirements of the Guild (such as maintaining insurance policies, reclaiming gift aid tax refunds and maintaining peal records). It also allows the Guild to maintain a historical record of membership.
c. Upon becoming a member of the Guild, members should be made aware of the reasons why we collect this information and their rights as detailed above.
5. Publishing Personal Information
a. The Guild will never publish contact information (such as in the annual report and on the website) of members without the explicit written consent of those members.
b. However, it should be noted that it is convention for the Guild to publish all members’ names and individual Guild peal records in the annual report (both printed and electronic forms) and that the Guild will continue to do this unless explicitly asked not to do so by any individual member.
c. Members should also be aware that where any individuals are identified in other public forums (such as any published meeting minutes, branch newsletters, Guild website and social media sites), the individuals should be aware that they are going to be potentially identified and given the option to not be identified.
d. Officers of the Guild and tower correspondents will need to have contact details published in order to carry out their duties effectually. Upon appointment they must be asked for, and provide, written consent as to which contact details they wish to have published in the annual report, Guild website and other relevant media.
6. Sharing personal data
a. Personal data will be treated as strictly confidential and will only be shared with Guild and District Officers and Committee members in order to communicate and provide services in line with the Guild’s objects. The Guild will never disclose or sell membership personal data to third parties, unless as required to meet its statutory obligations.
7. How long do we keep personal data?
a. Membership records will be retained in order to support the custom of recognising long service to the Guild. Performance data is traditionally retained indefinitely in order to preserve complete performance records for historical purposes.
b. If the Guild wish to use any member’s personal data for a new purpose, not covered by this Privacy Policy, then the Guild will provide a new notice explaining this new use prior to commencing the processing and setting out the relevant purposes and processing conditions. Where and whenever necessary, the Guild will obtain prior consent to the new processing.
8. Data Protection Officer
a. Consistent with ICO guidance, upon implementation of this Policy, the Guild Secretary will act as the Data Protection Officer. The Data Protection Officer will:
b. Have a “watching brief” to ensure that the Guild and its officers are made aware of and encouraged to observe good data collection, management and usage practices (as laid out in this Policy).
c. Be informed in the event of any suspected data breaches within the Guild.
d. Be the first point of contact in the case of any statutory or subject access requests.
9. Contact Details
a. To exercise all relevant rights, queries or complaints please in the first instance contact the Guild Secretary
b. Members can also contact the Information Commissioners Office on 0303 123 1113 or via email https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/ or at the Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire. SK9 5AF.
Approved by the Executive Committee – 16th November 2019
Headlines
Christmas Ringing – Advice from CCCBR released 8th December Alton & Petersfield District Virtual Christmas Evening – Friday 18th December from 8pm What’s happening after the pandemic?
What’s On (Next 4 weeks)
News Reports
Covid Winter Plan – updated guidance for England Wales and Scotland Latest update from CCCBR on Coronavirus (COVID-19) Restrictions – Updated 30th November 200 Club November draw Winchester District Coursing order – training presentation from Sat 14th November 2020 Guild Newsletter – September 2020 Channel Islands District future move to the Salisbury Diocesan Guild Guild Database Project Team Are your District or Tower contact details up to date?
Future Events
Click here for full list of known events including non-headlines
Winchester and Portsmouth Diocesan Guild of Church Bell Ringers
WP Guild PagesWelcome
Guild Calendar
Guild Action Plan
Guild Officers
CCCBR Central Council
Guild Committees
Guild Education
Guild Documents
Guild Newsletter Archive
Guild Minutes Archive
Guild Officers’ & Committee Reports
Insurance Documents
Guild Rules
Guild Privacy Policy
Public Relations
World War 1 Centenary Commemoration Project
Publicity Material
Guild Resources
Guild Library
Guild Report for 2019
Guild Report for 2017
Guild Report for 2016
Book for Worship at Ringers’ Services and for Belfry Prayer
Guild Communications
Send Your News Item to wpbells@gmail.com
Mailing Lists
Facebook
Twitter
Communications Team Area
Striking Competitions
BRF Bell Restoration Fund
Training and Development Fund
200 Club
Belfry Stewardship Committee
Guild Bell Stock Survey
National Bellringing News
PortsmouthDiocese
Since December 2015:
437,592 hits
Most Recently…
Christmas Ringing – Advice from CCCBR released 8th December
C&S District Carol Service TODAY!
Alton & Petersfield District Virtual Christmas Evening – Friday 18th December from 8pm
Covid Winter Plan – updated guidance for England Wales and Scotland
Contact Hon Gen Sec (Steve Lamb)
Latest update from CCCBR on Coronavirus (COVID-19) Restrictions – Updated 30th November
President’s Blog #23
200 Club November draw
What’s happening after the pandemic?
President’s Blog #22
Receive Emails The Guild has a number of Mailing Lists. Please click for more information
Follow Blog via Email (instant)
Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive immediate notifications of new posts by email.
Join 77 other followers
Email Address:
Instant Emails
Blog at WordPress.com.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy