https://wsmradio.com/privacy/
Listen Live Now
Download the App
Request A Song
Contact WSM
Shows
Listen Live
Show Schedule
Coffee, Country & Cody
Grand Ole Opry
Opry Country Classics
WSM at Work
Route 650
WSM at Night
At Home Show
View All Shows
Archives
Grand Ole Opry
Opry Country Classics
Coffee, Country & Cody
Eddie Stubbs Show
Special Features
Tribute Shows
The Dailey & Vincent Show
Building Nashville
Bobby Bare & Friends
View All Archives
Contests
Events
About
History
Air Personalities
Show Schedule
Advertising
News
Shop
Privacy Policy
You are here:Home/ Privacy Policy
Opry Entertainment Group
PRIVACY POLICY
Last Effective Date: May 12, 2020
Introduction and Scope
We are committed to protecting your privacy and providing a positive experience when you visit our websites, applications, venues, properties, and when you use our services, whether online or through interactions with us in person.  This Privacy Policy applies to websites that link to this policy and describes how we handle personal information provided or collected on websites, applications, at venues, and through delivery of our services; and the choices available to you regarding collection, use, access, and how to update, correct, or delete your personal information.
We collect information from visitors and customers to help you buy tickets to shows, make reservations, sign up for our newsletters, subscribe or otherwise interact with our services, venues, and properties.  At times, you may be interacting with third party services as described below.  Our sites or applications may include links to third-party sites or platforms not owned or controlled by us and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those websites or platforms. When you leave our sites or applications, please read the privacy policies of other websites that may collect your personal information.  Privacy choices you made on a third-party site or platform will not apply to our use of the information we collect directly through our applications.
You have choices about your information, the ability to opt-out of some uses and the right to contact us regarding your information.  Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will use it and protect it.  By accessing or using our websites or services, and providing your personal information, you agree to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, you should not provide your information by using our websites or services.  If you have questions, click here to contact us.
Who We Are
We are Opry Entertainment Group Holdings, LLC and its brands, including Grand Ole Opry, Ryman Auditorium, Ole Red, WSM Radio and any other brands with which Opry Entertainment Group is affiliated as majority owner (collectively, ““we”; “us”;  “our” or the “Company”).  The Privacy Policy is made available collectively on our websites.  We will be the data controller for your information collected by us.  For information collected by Circle Media at www.circleplus.com , or www.circleallaccess.com, or other Circle sites, Circle Media will be the data controller responsible for your data.  We may be a data processor or service provider for Circle Media as requested for some personal information you share with Circle Media.
Information We Collect
Some information we collect is personal to you and some is non-personal or anonymous information.  Personal information also may be used or combined with anonymous information to create aggregated data that becomes non-personal and no longer identifiable to you.  For example, we may collect:
Registration information you voluntarily share with us when you register to create an account, subscribe to service or newsletter, enter a promotion, purchase tickets, use a website or service, or link your profile on a third-party site or platform with your registration account, such as your name, email address, physical address, precise location data, phone number, employer, gender, date of birth and any other information that identifies you as an individual. You may also be asked to create a private password when using a service that requires a password.
Transaction information you provide when you request information, contact us, or enter a transaction with us, such as your purchases, including the products and services purchased, the cost of such products and services and similar information like your postal address or telephone number, but not including your payment details (which are provided by you directly to a service provider such as a credit card processor and are not collected or retained by us).
Information you provide or post in public forums on our sites or applications, such as comments, reviews, feedback, or chats.
Aggregated or anonymized information such as demographic information, general interests, and information that is aggregated or anonymized so that it does not identify you as an individual person.
Information about your equipment, usage, viewing, technical and device data when you visit our sites, use our service, or consume our content including browsing actions, and content consumption patterns and preferences, information about your device and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
Information we obtain from a third party service or platform provider about your use of our services or applications on third party platforms or devices, or about your location when using a mobile application or other device to use our service or consume our content.
How We Collect Information
We collect information you provide when you register with us; respond to surveys; request or purchase products, tickets, services, subscriptions; participate in promotions or public forums; download and use any mobile application, widget, shortcut or user interface; subscribe to SMS text message communications; or engage in other activities on our websites and applications.  This information often is collected when you register an account directly with us, however, some third parties with whom you interact may send your information back to us when you use their services, systems or platform, commonly while visiting our venues, or consuming our content or services.  We may also update and supplement personal information collected from you with other information that we obtain from third parties or our subsidiaries and affiliates. If we associate information obtained from affiliates and subsidiaries or other third parties with personal information collected under this policy, we will treat the acquired information like information we collected ourselves.
We collect browsing information automatically through various technology means such as cookies.  “Cookies” are pieces of information that may be placed on your device by a service for the purpose of facilitating and enhancing your communication and interaction with that service. Many services use cookies for these purposes.  We may use cookies (and similar items such as clear gifs, web beacons, tags, etc.) on our websites to customize your visit, to remember your preferences, to analyze how you use our websites and for other purposes to make your visit more convenient or to enable us to enhance our services for you.  Cookies and similar items may be used to store your login credentials for example.  You may stop or restrict the placement of cookies on your device or flush them from your browser by adjusting your web browser preferences, in which case you may still use our websites, but it may interfere with some functionality.
We may use both first and third-party cookies. First-party cookies are those set by us on your device. Third-party cookies, such as those used by Google Analytics, Facebook, or other social media platforms, are cookies that are set by a domain and party other than us for measurement services, better targeting ads, and for marketing purposes. Further information on cookies is available at www.allaboutcookies.org.
We collect information using analytics tools when you visit our websites and applications, or install and use our applications (e.g., Opry App) on third-party sites or platforms.  We may use Google Analytics, which is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”) and similar services to collect information relating to your use of our websites. Such services may use cookies to help us analyze how you and other customers and visitors use our websites. You can find out more about how Google uses data when you visit our websites be reviewing “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps” at: www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.  You can find out more about Facebook Privacy Policies at www.facebook.com/policy.php.
How We Use and Share Your Information
Consistent with applicable law and choices that may be available to you, we may use information collected from you or from devices associated with you, to:
Provide you with the experiences, information, products, services or content that you request, view, purchase, or otherwise interact with from us;
Create, manage and control your account information, and to verify access rights to services and software;
Communicate with you about your account or transactions or fulfill any other purpose for which you provided the information (such as signing up for email alerts, purchasing merchandise, subscriptions or running a sweepstakes or promotion);
Perform our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and fulfillment;
Communicate with you for the purpose of informing you of changes or additions to the services, or of the availability of any service we provide;
Assess service levels, monitor traffic patterns and gauge popularity of different service options;
Provide our websites and content to you, and improve the quality of our websites and services;
Personalize the content, offers, advertising and experiences you receive;
Provide you with targeted advertising based on your activity on our applications and websites, and third-party websites, applications and platforms;
Respond to claims of any violation of our rights or those of any third parties;
Respond to your requests for customer services;
Protect the rights, property or personal safety of you, us, our users and the public, and as required or authorized by law;
Satisfy any purpose we may describe at the time you provide the information; and
For any other purpose with your consent.
We will share your personal information you provided as described in this Privacy Policy with a third party outside the Company only in limited circumstances.  We will share information:
With affiliated companies, including Circle Media, LLC, which operates an entertainment service branded as Circle, Circleplus, or Circle All Access;
With service providers, contractors, and other third parties performing services on our behalf to support our business, such as customer service, physical and content delivery, and marketing, but such parties are only allowed to use the information to support our business or as required by law;
With businesses when we are co-promoting or operating a service, such as a sweepstakes promoted with another brand when you have provided your consent for such sharing;
With a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of the Company’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which information held by the Company about our website users and customers is among the assets transferred;
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request;
To enforce or apply our policies as necessary;
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of the Company, our customers, our users, or others; and
With your consent.
How Third Parties Use and Disclose Your Information
Our websites may have links, plugins and other interactions with third parties, such as ticketing providers, restaurants, hotels, social media platforms and other third parties who are not under our control.  In addition, our websites may have third party cookies (described above) which may be used for advertising purposes (described below).  We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any third party websites or services we link to on our websites, and you should read the privacy policies of each site you visit to determine what information that site may collect about you.
Tickets/Meals/Etc.:  For example, when you purchase tickets or make a dinner reservation, you may be interacting with a third party that operates those services.  Since those parties work with us, they may provide your personal information back to us after you interact or make a purchase.
Social Media:  Our websites may contain links and buttons to access popular social media platforms.  If you have a previous relationship with a third party, such as a social media platform, then they may recognize you and combine information collected through our website with information they already possess about you.  As described in this Privacy Policy, we may work with social media platforms to target advertisements to you while you are on their services based on your visits to our websites.  We also may have a presence on social media sites and they may share your information with us if you authorize them to do so.
Interest-Based Advertising and Your Opt-Out Choices
We believe that advertising is more effective and relevant when it is targeted to your interests and behaviors.  Therefore, we may work with third parties who collect information on our websites and elsewhere through the use of cookies and similar methods in order to serve you with relevant advertisements on other services or to determine that you have seen our advertisements on other services.  For example, if you view information on our website regarding a particular artist, we may target advertising to you on other websites and services (such as unaffiliated websites and social media services) about other events by that artist or similar concerts. This method of advertising is sometimes called “interest-based advertising.”
You can learn more about interest-based advertising and how to opt-out of targeted advertising from various providers with whom we work by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance DAA’s consumer choice page, or the Network Advertising Initiative NAI Consumer Opt Out. These opt-out tools rely upon the placement of an opt-out cookie on your device.  At this time, we do not respond to or honor “do not track” signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.
For targeted advertisements delivered through mobile Apps, you can learn more at NAI Mobile Choices and install the DAA’s AppChoices app on your device to opt-out of targeted advertising by various providers, and can also select a system level advertising preference feature on your device (such as “Limit Ad Tracking” on Apple devices or “Opt-out of Interest-based ads” on Android devices).
Data Retention
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed for us to manage and provide our services and for our business needs. Even if we delete some or all of your personal information, we may continue to retain and use anonymous data previously collected, as permitted by applicable law.
Data Access, Your Choices & Opt-Out
We provide you with choices regarding the information you provide to us.
If you would like to delete or modify your personal information, or to receive a copy of your personal information, click here to contact us.
If you have downloaded our mobile app and subscribed to our SMS text alerts, you will receive up to five (5) SMS text alerts from us a month.  Depending on the terms of your contract with your mobile telecommunications service provider, message and data rates may apply.
You may also opt out of receiving communications from us by following the directions in our e-mail or SMS text message communication with you, or click here to contact us. You may stop the delivery of push notifications or other e-mail messages from us by clicking here to contact us.
If at any time you want to stop receiving SMS text alerts from us, please follow the instructions included in the most recent SMS text alert from us, follow the instructions in the mobile app, or click here to contact us.
We will implement your request within a reasonable time. Please note that your request to opt out of receiving marketing communications will only apply to future communications and transactions with us and our service providers. Even if you choose to opt out of receiving marketing communications from us, we will still send you transactional or administrative communications.
California Residents – If you are a California resident, you have specific rights pursuant to California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) to request information regarding your “Personal Information” as defined in the CCPA:
Right to Know: You have the right to request that we disclose to you the Personal Information we collect, use, or disclose, and information about our data practices;
Right to Request Deletion: You have the right to request that we delete your Personal Information that we have collected from you;
Right to Do Not Sale:  You have the right to “opt-out” and request that we not “sale” your Personal Information to another business or third party for monetary or other valuable consideration;
Right to Non-Discrimination: We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights.
To exercise your “right to know” or your “right to request deletion” or your “right to do not sale,” please click here to submit a request.
Please note that to protect your information and the integrity of our services and customer information, we may need to verify your identity before processing your request. In some cases, we may need to collect additional information to verify your identity, such as a government issued ID.  Please be prepared to verify your identity when contacting us to make a privacy related request.
Security
We have implemented technical, administrative, and physical security measures designed to protect your personal information. We take what we believe are reasonable precautions to protect against unauthorized access to our systems and to prevent data from being disclosed to unauthorized parties.  No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.  Use caution when transmitting personal information over the Internet.
Changes To Our Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy at our discretion at any time. If we do make any changes, such change will appear on this page of our website. It is your responsibility to periodically review the Privacy Policy. The date the Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. Your continued using of our websites following any changes means that you have accepted, consent to, and agree to be bound by such revised Privacy Policy.
Children Under the Age of 13
Our websites and apps are not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information through our websites or apps. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any personal information on our websites or apps. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any personal information from or about a child under 13, please click here to contact us.
California Resident Under the Age of 16
If you are a California resident, our websites are not intended for any minors under 16 years of age. If you a California resident under age 16, please do not provide any personal information to us or use our websites or apps.  If you are a California resident under the age of 16 years and you have provided personal information to us and/or used our websites or apps, you must click here to contact us in writing and provide your written consent to the use and sharing of your personal information, and the consent of your parent of legal guardian, or request deletion of your personal information.  If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a California resident under 16 years without your written consent or verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any personal information from or about a California resident under 16, please click here to contact us.
United States of America
Our websites and apps are maintained in the United States of America. By using our websites or apps, you authorize the export of personal information to the USA and its storage and use as specified in this Privacy Policy. We transfer personal information from the EU to the USA and other countries, some of which have not been determined by the European Commission to have an adequate level of data protection. Information stored in the USA may be subject to lawful requests by the courts or law enforcement authorities in the USA.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please click here to contact us.
Share this:Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window)Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)Click to share on Skype (Opens in new window)
QUICK LINKSListen Live
Archives
Events
Contests
Shop
650 AM WSMAbout WSM
History
Shows
Advertising
Download Mobile App
Latest News
Coming to WSM: Bob Kingsley’s Countdown Classics
WSM at 95 | Artist Hosted Hours on WSM Radio
Josh Turner’s Country State of Mind Special on WSM
Tim McGraw’s Here On Earth Album Radio Special on WSM
Opry Radio Block Party: Luke Bryan and Darius Rucker
©2015–2020 Grand Ole Opry, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Careers
Public EEO File
Contact Us
Public Inspection File
Stay In Touch
Subscribe for updates, events offers and more. To sign up to receive our emails, Fill in the following fields and hit submit. Thanks, and Welcome!
X