http://www.bethwaters.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy:
Beth Waters News Inc ("Beth Waters News Inc")
operates bethwaters.com and may operate other websites. It
is Beth Waters News Inc policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Beth Waters News Inc collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Beth Waters News Inc purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how Beth Waters News Inc visitors use its website. From time to
time, Beth Waters News Inc may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Beth Waters News Inc also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on bethwaters.com
blogs/sites. Beth Waters News Inc only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Beth Waters News Inc websites choose to interact
with Beth Waters News Inc in ways that require Beth Waters News Inc to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Beth Waters News Inc gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at bethwaters.com to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Beth Waters News Inc are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Beth Waters News Inc collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
Beth Waters News Inc. Beth Waters News Inc does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Beth Waters News Inc may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Beth Waters News Inc may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Beth Waters News Inc does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Beth Waters News Inc discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on Beth Waters News Inc behalf or to provide services available
at Beth Waters News Inc websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using Beth Waters News Inc websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. Beth Waters News Inc will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Beth Waters News Inc discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when Beth Waters News Inc believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Beth Waters News Inc, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Beth Waters News Inc website and have supplied your email address, Beth Waters News Inc
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with Beth Waters News Inc and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Beth Waters News Inc takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Beth Waters News Inc uses cookies to
help Beth Waters News Inc identify and track visitors, their usage of Beth Waters News Inc
website, and their website access preferences. Beth Waters News Inc visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using Beth Waters News Inc websites, with the drawback that certain features
of Beth Waters News Inc websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Beth Waters News Inc, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Beth Waters News Inc goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of Beth Waters News Inc may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by Beth Waters News Inc and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Beth Waters News Inc may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Beth Waters News Inc sole
discretion. Beth Waters News Inc encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a bethwaters.com account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Latest Posts
Why Should You Repair Furniture?
Signs of Home Pest Infestation
How to Keep Pest Control Family-friendly
Tips to Make Your House Looks Expensive and Lavish
Top Reasons to Regularly Clean Your Windows
Why You Need Blinds For Your Nashville Home
Benefits of Kitchen and Bath Renovation.
Benefits of Hardwood Flooring
Top Tips for Choosing the Best Realtor
Pest Control Tips for Homeowners
Purchasing the Best Synthetic Turf
Why you Should Consider Pest Control Service
Roller Blinds – The Ultimate Office Windows Solution
Benefits Associated With Walk-in Showers
Tips on Finding The Best Locksmith Services
Tips For Finding a Condo Comparing Website
Tips on Choosing Furniture for Your Patio
Unblocking Clogged Sewer Systems
Professional Electrical Contractor Services
A Purifier Buying Guide – Top Tips
Tips for choosing a home builder
How to choose a roofing contractor in okc
How To Find A Reputable Fencing Contractor
Factors To Consider When Hiring A Plumber
How to find a reputable screeding contractor
Follow These Tips For Hiring Air Conditioning Repair Company
Choosing the right gate repair company
Use Stamped Concrete To Add Style And Beauty To Your Home
Why Buy a Home in Greater Colorado Springs
What To Consider For The Best Condos
Condos for Sale – Buying the Right Unit
Bathroom Vanity Units As Attractive Storage
The common signs of bedbug infestation
Kitchen Remodeling Ideas
Establishing the Roofing Estimate
Comparison of the Top Hurom Masticating Juicers
How to Find Student Accommodation
How Home Builders Chicago will Assist
Why Professional Carpet Cleaning? – what they do
Pest Control Methods For Homes
Book An Energy Audit For Your Home
How to Increase the Value of Your Home
Factors To Prioritize When Hiring
A Roofing Contractor
Pages
About
Contact Me
Facebook Demo – Customizer
Facebook Demo – Customizer
Instagram Demo – Customizer
Instagram Demo – Customizer
Maintenance
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service