http://www.idi-design.ie/info/privacy/
Privacy Policy and Cookies
Introduction
The Institute of Designers in Ireland ("IDI", "us" or "we") is strongly committed to privacy issues, and this privacy statement details our approach on such issues. By using this site and submitting any personal data, you agree to the use by The Institute of Designers in Ireland of such data in accordance with this privacy statement. If you have questions on privacy issues, please email us at info@idi-design.ie.
Data Collection
We only collect identifiable personal data or information that is specifically and voluntarily provided by a visitor to our site. For example, a visitor to our site may choose to provide information such as name, title, office address, office email address and telephone number in order to:
register for certain areas of the site;
contact us for further information;
order The Institute of Designers in Ireland publications or reference materials;
submit a curriculum vitae/apply for a job at The Institute of Designers in Ireland;
participate in bulletin boards, discussion or message forums;
enter 'quick surveys', quizzes or benchmarking surveys;
participate in "join our mailing list" initiatives; and
register for events and conferences.
Visitors are also able to send email to us through the site. Their messages will contain the user's screen name and email address, as well as any additional information the user may wish to include in the message.
Membership Application Form Data Collection:
We will typically publish your name, your company name, your discipline and your email or website details on our members directory.
Most of this data and information you provide will NOT be published publicly or passed on, and none at all, if you choose that option when you are applying.
Not all application fields are mandatory - but we will require sufficient information to process your application.
All data and information supplied in this application will remain confidential and subject to all current privacy regulation.
Use of Data
When a visitor provides personal data to us, we use it solely for the purposes for which it was provided to us as stated at the point of collection (or as is obvious from the context of collection). Examples of the types of use are given in the 'data collection' section above. Our websites do not collect or compile personally identifying information for dissemination or sale to outside parties for consumer marketing purposes, or host mailings on behalf of third parties.
Sensitive Data
We do not usually seek any sensitive personal data through this website. Sensitive personal data includes data relating to a person's race or ethnic origin; political opinions; religious or philosophical beliefs; trade union membership; physical or mental health or condition or sexual life; or criminal record or alleged crimes or related proceedings or sentence. In some circumstances, we may be legally required to request certain sensitive personal data and if you choose to submit sensitive personal data for any reason we will obtain your explicit consent to the collection and use of such data.
Data Controller
The Institute of Designers in Ireland (with its principal place of business at 4 Dame Lane, Dublin 1) is the data controller of any personal data collected through this website, and will process such data in accordance with the Data Protection Acts of 1988 and 2003.
Disclosure to Third Parties
Our policy is not to share personally identifiable information with any third parties, unless required by law, or unless explicitly requested by a visitor or otherwise as set out in this section. We recognise that your information is valuable and we take all reasonable measures to protect your information while it is in our care.
We subcontract some areas such as distribution of publications and organisation of events and conferences, and so if a visitor submits personal data as part of a request relating to these areas, we may disclose certain data to third parties in order to fulfil these requests (e.g. when ordering a publication, we display the party fulfilling the order).
Security
We have implemented generally accepted standards of technology and operational security in order to protect personally identifiable data and information from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction. In particular, we ensure that all appropriate confidentiality obligations and technical and organisational security measures are in place to prevent any unauthorised or unlawful disclosure or processing of such information and data and the accidental loss or destruction of or damage to such information and data. Only authorised Institute of Designers in Ireland personnel are provided access to personally identifiable information and these employees have agreed to ensure confidentiality of this information. The Institute of Designers in Ireland’s policy is to use secure socket layer technology for the protection of credit card information submitted through web forms.
Access to Information
If you would like to update any personal data you have submitted through this site, please do so via the original registration page or please email us at info@idi-design.ie.
When personally identifiable information is retained, we do not assume responsibility for verifying the ongoing accuracy of the content of personal information. When practically possible, if The Institute of Designers in Ireland is informed that any personal data collected through a Web site is no longer accurate, The Institute of Designers in Ireland will make appropriate corrections based on the updated information provided by the authenticated visitor.
If you would like details of the information which you have submitted to us through this site, you have a right of access to such information and you may contact us via the above email address. We may charge for a request for access in accordance with applicable legal requirements.
Unsubscribe
Should visitors subsequently choose to unsubscribe from mailing lists or any registrations, we will provide instructions, on the appropriate webpage or in communications to our visitors, or a visitor may contact by email to info@idi-design.ie.
Data Retention
The personal data you submit to us will only be retained for as long as is required for the purposes for which it was collected or as required by law.
For example, contact information about visitors (such as information generated though registration for access to areas on the site) will be kept as long as the information is required to completely service the contact request or until a user requests that we delete that information. Mailing list information, discussion posts and email are kept for only the period of time considered reasonable to facilitate the visitor's requests or some other period reasonably necessary to facilitate the purposes for which it was provided to us as stated at the point of collection (or as is obvious from the context of collection).
Cookies and Log Files
We use small text files called 'cookies' which are placed on your hard drives to assist in providing a more customised website experience. For example, a cookie can be used to store registration information in an area of the site so that a user does not need to re-enter it on subsequent visits to that area. Cookies are not used to track individual visitors to our site.
The use of cookies is now standard operating procedure for most websites. However if you are uncomfortable with the use of cookies, most browsers now permit users to opt-out of receiving them. In most cases, a visitor may refuse a cookie and still fully navigate our Web sites.
In order to properly manage our website we may anonymously log information on our operational systems, and identify categories of visitors by items such as domains and browser types. These statistics are reported in the aggregate to our webmasters. This is to ensure that our website presents the best web experience for visitors and is an effective information resource.
Children
We understand the importance of protecting children's privacy especially in an online environment. Our sites covered are not intentionally designed for or directed at children 13 years of age or younger. It is our policy never to knowingly collect or maintain information about anyone under the age of 13.
Third Party Links
There may be pages on our sites which include links to websites which are owned and operated by third parties and so which do not operate this privacy statement. When you link to other websites, this privacy statement and our privacy practices no longer apply. We encourage visitors to review each site's privacy policy before disclosing any personally identifiable information.
Legal Disclaimer
The information contained in this website is provided by the Institute of Designers in Ireland (“IDI”). We endeavour to keep the information up-to-date and correct. If errors are brought to our attention, we will try to correct them as quickly as possible (contact info@idi-design.ie to report any such errors if found).
In no event will the Institute of Designers in Ireland be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of the Institute of Designers in Ireland. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, the Institute of Designers in Ireland takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
Cookie & Privacy Statement
The Institute of Designers in Ireland uses cookies. Cookies are small pieces of text stored on your computer to help your browser keep track of your movements on the site, remember preferences you may have selected or keep you logged in until you log out. They are also used to anonymously collect marketing data, mostly through GoogleAnalytics. Cookies may be disabled in your browser settings.
Types of cookie:
‘Session’ cookies remain in your browser during your browser session only, ie until you leave the website.
‘Persistent’ cookies remain in your browser after the session (unless deleted by you).
‘Performance’ cookies collect information about your use of the website, such as webpages visited and any error messages; they do not collect personally identifiable information, and the information collected is aggregated such that it is anonymous.  Performance cookies are used to improve how a website works.
‘Functionality’ cookies allow the website to remember any choices you make about the website (such as changes to text size, customised pages) or enable services such as commenting on a blog.
Information
Privacy Policy and Cookies