https://www.cambridgeacademy.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Statement
CAE is committed to protecting the privacy of users of this website and the security of the information which website visitors provide once this data is in CAE’s possession.
Before anyone sends information to this website they first must accept the insecure nature of the internet and the risk this may pose to the integrity of the information they provide. Accordingly, CAE accepts no liability for any loss or misuse of the data that may occur while the data is in transmission.
Upon receipt of information via this website, CAE will take responsible precautions to ensure personal data in the school’s possession is secure and not open to abuse.
Our Policy
Our privacy policy explains how we process and store the personal data we collect from you or that you provide to us. Please read the following to understand the way we use your personal data. By using our website www.cambridgeacademy.co.uk (CAE website), you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.
Data we may collect from you
Information obtained/provided through the CAE website when subscribing to our services, personalising the CAE website with your preferences, taking part in social media functions, posting materials or requesting other CAE services.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of your correspondence which identifies you via email. We may keep your email and email address.
Information about transactions you carry out through the CAE website and documentation concerning applications placed with us.
Details of your visits to the CAE website, and any access to online resources or materials
Details from CVs and application forms for specific purposes
We may also collect information about your computer, IP address and operating system for system administration.
Who processes your information?
The Cambridge Academy of English (CAE) is the data controller of the personal information you provide to us.
This means CAE determines the purposes for which, and the manner in which, any personal data is to be processed. The CAE management team oversees the data control responsibilities. The school’s contact email address for any questions you have about your data is: cae@cambridgeacademy.co.uk
In some cases, your data will be outsourced to a third party processor; however, this will only be done with your consent, unless the law requires the school to share your data. Where the school outsources data to a third party processor, the same data protection standards that CAE upholds are imposed on the processor.
The CAE management team monitors the school’s data protection procedures and ensures they are compliant with the GDPR.
Why do we collect and use your information?
CAE holds the legal right to collect and use personal data relating to its students and other stakeholders. We collect and use personal data in order to meet legal requirements and legitimate interests set out in the GDPR and UK law.
In accordance with the above, personal data of CAE students and stakeholders is collected and used for the following reasons:
To enable CAE to process enrolments and all associated services required to provide English language courses under the terms of our British Council Accreditation scheme
To ensure the safety and welfare of our students
To monitor and report on student progress
To provide appropriate pastoral care
To assess the quality of our service
To comply with the law regarding data sharing
Which data is collected?
The categories of information that CAE collects, holds and shares include the following:
Personal information – e.g. names, student enrolment details and addresses
Attendance information – e.g. number of absences and absence reasons
Assessment information – e.g. progress reports
Relevant medical and behavioural information
Whilst some personal data you provide to CAE is mandatory, some is provided on a voluntary basis. When collecting data, the school will inform you whether you are required to provide this data or if your consent is needed. Where consent is required, the school will provide you with specific and explicit information with regards to the reasons the data is being collected and how the data will be used.
Your data will be stored at the offices of CAE as specified below. Our staff will be entitled to process your enquiries and orders, process your payment details and provide you with support services. By submitting your personal data to CAE, you agree to the transfer, storing and processing of such information. We will take all reasonable steps to ensure your data is treated securely and in accordance with the CAE privacy policy.
Students, or their parents, enrolling on courses at CAE will be required to give their consent on any forms necessary for the enrolment process.
How long is your data stored for?
Personal data relating to CAE students and stakeholders is stored in line with the school’s GDPR Data Protection Policy. In accordance with the GDPR, the school does not store personal data indefinitely; data is only stored for as long as is necessary to complete the task for which it was originally collected.
Will my information be shared?
CAE will not share your personal information with any third parties without your consent, unless the law allows us to do so.
What are your rights?
You have the following rights in relation to the processing of your personal data.
You have the right to:
Be informed about how CAE uses your personal data.
Request access to the personal data that CAE holds.
Request that your personal data is amended if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
Request that your personal data is erased where there is no compelling reason for its continued processing.
Request that the processing of your data is restricted.
Object to your personal data being processed. Where the processing of your data is based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw this consent at any time.
If you wish to know more about the way CAE is collecting or using your personal data, you can contact CAE at the following address:
Cambridge Academy of English
65 High Street, Girton, Cambridge, CB3 0QD, England
Tel: +44 (0) 1223 277230
cae@cambridgeacademy.co.uk
How can you inform and instruct CAE of your requirements concerning privacy and data protection?
On the various forms which may need your consent for the enrolment, teaching, housing or welfare of students, and which require specific consent for specific circumstances, CAE will always offer you the opportunity to decide if you want to provide such information for such purposes.
Changes to the CAE Privacy Policy
CAE will try to make our privacy policy as robust as possible. Any changes to the policy will be posted on this page. If you continue to use the CAE website, you will be accepting any such changes that may occur.
Summary
CAE has a legal and legitimate interest to collect and process personal data in order to meet statutory requirements.
CAE will not share personal data with any other third parties without consent, unless the law requires the school to do so.
In cases where specific consent is required, CAE will offer you the opportunity to decide if you want to provide such information for such purposes.
Any personal data is retained in line with the school’s GDPR Data Protection Policy.
Need assistance?
+44 1223 277230
cae@cambridgeacademy.co.uk