https://www.delicatefade.com/privacypolicy.asp
Have an active subscription? Sign In
Email
Password
Remember Me
Forgot your password?
Don't have an account? Register Now!
Home
Artist Profiles
Worship Charts
Song Lyrics
Song Requests
Church Directory
Privacy Policy
Subscription Registration
Quick Renew
My Account
My Artist Fan List
My Favorite Charts
My Customized Charts
Top 25 Worship Charts
Top Ten Most Visited Charts
10,000 Reasons
Matt Redman
Whom Shall I Fear
Chris Tomlin
Your Love Never Fails
Jesus Culture Music
Oceans
Hillsong United
Lord, I Need You
Matt Maher
Forever Reign
Hillsong Australia
One Thing Remains
Jesus Culture Music
Mighty To Save
Hillsong Australia
Words
Hawk Nelson
How Great Thou Art
Paul Baloche
Artists:   #    A   B    C    D    E    F    G    H    I    J    K    L    M    N    O    P    Q    R    S    T    U    V    W    X    Y    Z    All
Privacy Policy
We respect your Privacy and will safeguard any information we receive from you.
Revised November 2010
Depending on what you do when you visit any web site,
you are providing information about your visit to the site's owners. This
includes Delicatefade.com. We value privacy and think you do too, so we want you to have
the information you need to make your own decisions about your personal privacy.
When you visit or supply information to any web site, we think it's a good idea
for you to first understand what that site's privacy policies are. If the site
doesn't tell you, don't hesitate to ask.
The bottom line at www.Delicatefade.com and its related sites (collectively "Delicatefade.com") is
that we use the information that we get from your visit for internal tracking
purposes, to make Delicatefade.com as useful and interesting to you as we can, and to
respond to your requests for information or other services. Except as
specifically noted, we do not use your personal information for any other
purpose; we never sell it to any third party; and, we never share it with any
third party.
Read more about:
I. Notice
– What personal information we collect and how we use your information
– Our policy regarding sharing of information
II. Choice
– How you can decide what communication you'll receive from us
III. Access
– How you can control the use of your personal information
IV. Security
– How we protect the security of your personal information
V. Customer Service and Recourse
– Changes to the Delicatefade.com Privacy Policy
– How to contact Delicatefade.com
I. Notice
What personal information we collect and how we use your information:
When you visit the Delicatefade.com web site, we capture the internet provider's
domain name and country that you came from (e.g., 'aol.com') and the paths taken
as you move from page to page (i.e., your "click stream" activity).
Information we collect may be used to enhance your use of Delicatefade.com in ways like these:
Arrange the web site in the most user-friendly way
Customize your browsing experience of this web site
Communicate special offers and featured items to you, if you choose to receive such notices
Respond to your question or suggestions
Visitor Registration or Requests for Information:
Delicatefade.com only collects personal information
that you choose to provide voluntarily when using or registering with the
Delicatefade.com site. "Personal information" includes information that can identify you
as a specific individual, such as your name or email address; and, in the case
of license agreements, your name and company name. While you can browse our site
without registering, you will need to register in order to take advantage of
certain features, such as requesting updates on promotional offers.
Delicatefade.com will on occasion ask you to voluntarily submit information
about other people. For example, you might be asked to submit a person's email
address to inform them about a sweepstakes or contest offered on Delicatefade.com. The
type of personally identifiable information that may be requested about other
people may include the person's name and email address. Delicatefade.com may use this
information to inform them about a sweepstakes or contest.
Browsing and the use of Cookies:
Delicatefade.com uses cookie technology as part of our web site's statistical reporting. A cookie is a
small piece of information sent by a website that is saved on your hard disk by
your computer's browser. It holds information a site may need to personalize
your experience (i.e., rotating images on Delicatefade.com home page) and to gather web
site statistical data, such as which pages are visited, what is downloaded, the
internet provider's domain name and country that our visitors come from (e.g.
'aol.com,' or 'umich.edu') and the addresses of sites visited immediately
before, and after, coming to Delicatefade.com. However, none of this is associated with
you as an individual. It is measured only in aggregate. The information in the
cookies lets us trace your "click stream" activity (i.e., the paths taken by
visitors to our site as they move from page to page. Cookies do not capture your
individual email address or any private information about you.
We also use standard web server log files to help us count visitors and evaluate our
site's technical capacity. We use this information to find out how many people
visit Delicatefade.com, help us arrange the pages in the most user-friendly way, keep
the site browser-friendly, and to make our pages more useful to our visitors. We
record information on site traffic but not information on individual visitors to
our site, so no information about you in particular will be kept or used.
To browse without cookies, you can configure your browser to reject all
cookies, or to notify you when a cookie is set. (Each browser is different, so
check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie
preferences.)
Sweepstakes, Trivia Games, and Surveys:
From time to time, Delicatefade.com may conduct sweepstakes, trivia games, or
surveys via our web site. If you choose to participate, we use your response to
select sweepstakes winners, to come up with the game or survey results and,
sometimes, to publish those results in aggregate on the site. Except where
necessary to run a sweepstakes, we will never permanently record or report any
response you give on its own or connect it to your name or address. We will hold
these responses only as anonymous statistics. We will never sell or rent such
information to any third parties.
Email, Mailing Lists, and Other Services:
When you send us an email, we use your email address to thank you for your
comment and/or reply to your question, and we will store your communication and
our reply in case we correspond further. Beyond our initial reply, we will never
use your email address to send you any unsolicited message or information, nor
will we share it with or sell it to anyone else for such use.
When you request information or other services, we use your
email address and any other information you give us to provide you with the
information or other services you requested until you ask us to stop (using the
'unsubscribe' instructions provided with each email and/or on the site where you
signed up and/or as we otherwise provide), or until the information or service
is no longer available. We will not use your address or other information to
provide you with any unsolicited message or information (unless that is part of
the service you are requesting), nor will we share it with or sell, rent or
lease it to any third party for such use.
Linking To Other Sites:
Please remember that when you use a link to go from
Delicatefade.com to another web site, the Delicatefade.com Site Rules and this Privacy Policy
are no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other web site,
including any site that has a link on Delicatefade.com, is subject to the rules and
policies of that site. We encourage you to read the rules and policies of the
sites you visit to further understand their procedures for collecting, using,
and disclosing personal information.
Our policy regarding sharing of information:
Our policy is simple: we never sell or rent your personal information to any third parties under any circumstances.
II. Choice
How you can decide what communication you'll receive from us:
If you choose to receive them, Delicatefade.com may
periodically send you email messages describing updates, new features, or
promotional offers related to this web site. You can choose to stop receiving
this email at any time. Simply follow the instructions included in your email,
or send a reply stating your request.
If you do not explicitly choose to 	receive informational emails, the
only email messages you will receive from Delicatefade.com will be to respond
to email inquiries that you send us.
III. Access
How to update or correct your personal information:
To modify or delete your personal information, you may use the "My Account" section to make changes after you have logged on, or send an
email stating your requests, and we will make the requested changes.
IV. Security
How we protect the security of your personal information:
The security of your personal information is very important to us and we are committed to
protecting the information we collect. Delicatefade.com uses firewalls and has security
measures in place at its physical facilities to protect against the loss,
misuse, or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our web site.
V. Customer Service and Recourse
Changes to the Delicatefade.com Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was amended in November 2010. Delicatefade.com reserves the
right to change, modify or amend this policy at any time. Please also read over
the Delicatefade.com Terms of Use. Delicatefade.com takes privacy matters very seriously, and intends
to stay at the forefront of privacy policy and protection matters. Delicatefade.com will
occasionally update our privacy policy and we will post those updates on this
page. You are responsible for revisiting this page to review our privacy policy
updates.
How to contact Delicatefade.com:
Please note that whenever you submit any information to us in connection with any Delicatefade.com
related services, you consent to Delicatefade.com's processing of this information in the
United States as necessary to provide the services in which you are participating.
If you have any questions, comments, criticisms, or complaints about
Delicatefade.com's privacy policy and/or the way it affects you, please feel free to contact us.
Praise and Worship Chord Charts
Join our subscription service to access thousands of Christian chord charts and song lyrics.
About
Overview
About Us
Link To Us
Register For Subscription
Quick Renew Subscription
Services
Artist Profiles
Worship Charts
Church Directory
Song Lyrics
Premium Service
Standard Service
Partners
ChristianBook.com
Worship-Live.com
antispam
Radio Stations
K-LOVE Radio
PowerFM Christian Rock
Contact Us
Email Customer Service
FAQs
Send Us Feedback
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© Copyright 1998 - 2020 ::
Delicate Fade, Inc.
::
All Rights Reserved.