https://www.justforkix.com/privacy
Store
Classes
Camps
Events
Teacher Program
Digital Dance
Sites
Store
Classes
Camps
Events
Teacher Program
My Account
Login
Store Setup
SIGNUP FOR FREE CATALOG
Shipping Starting at $4.95! Free Shipping $75+  Save up to 25% today! Learn More
Just For Kix Privacy Policy To demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy, Just For Kix Catalog Sales has created the following statement regarding privacy:Just For Kix Catalog Sales is the sole owner of the information collected on justforkix.com. Just For Kix Catalog Sales collects information from our users at several different points on our website.We hold our customers in the highest regard, therefore, we will not give, sell, rent or loan any identifiable personal information to any third party in other ways than what is stated in this policy. We are committed to using any information you give us in a responsible manner. You are very important to us and we want to provide you with a safe and secure online experience. INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USEPersonal Information:• Your private online communication, including information registered with us (name, telephone number, mailing address, etc.) is not disclosed to any third party unless authorized by you, or required by law. From time to time we may share your information with a third party that we feel may be of interest to you, in this case we provide them with only your name and mailing address. Ordering:• When required to submit your financial information during the order process, this information is used for billing and order fulfillment purposes only, and is never disclosed to any third party, unless required by law. Online Security:• We use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving your personal information. On the Internet, when you see either a solid key icon or a locked padlock icon at the lower portion of you browser window, this indicates that the site is secured through secure sockets layer (SSL).  Offline Security:• As well as online security, we protect your personal information from any unauthorized access offline. Only personnel who require your personal information to complete a specific job (customer service representative, order fulfillment, etc.) are allowed access to your confidential information. Solicitations:• Occasionally Just For Kix Catalog Sales and its affiliates may offer additional email communications (i.e. newsletters, special offers, upcoming events, special announcements, updates to the site). Customers may choose not to receive these emails by simply following the instructions on the email to remove themselves from these types of communications. Choice/Opt Out:• You are given the opportunity to opt-out of having your information used for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask for the information. For example our catalog request form has an opt-out mechanism so users who want a catalog from us, but don’t want to have their info shared with trusted partners we feel our customers will find valuable, are able to specify.To unsubscribe from our email lists, please email dancers@justforkix.com Links:• This website may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that Just For Kix Catalog Sales is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website. Surveys & Contests:• From time to time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code). Contact information will be used and may be shared with the contest and/or survey sponsors to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site. Users’ personally identifiable information is not shared with third parties unless we give prior notice and choice. Though we may use an intermediary to conduct these surveys or contests, they may not use users’ personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. Consent:• By browsing, utilizing and/or ordering from our site you consent to the collection and use of your personal information for the uses described in this policy. If any changes are made to our policy, we will post these changes on this policy so you, the consumer, are immediately made aware. Disclaimer:• You understand that Just For Kix Catalog Sales cannot and does not guarantee or warrant that files available for downloading through the site will be free of infection or viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other code that manifest contaminating or destructive properties. You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints to satisfy your particular requirements for accuracy of data input and output, and for maintaining a means external to the site for the reconstruction of any lost data. You assume total responsibility and risk for your use of the site and the Internet. Just For Kix Catalog Sales does not make any express or implied warranties, representations or endorsements whatsoever (including without limitation warranties of title or non-infringement, or the implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose) with regard to the site, any merchandise, information or service provided through the site or on the Internet generally, and Just For Kix Catalog Sales shall not be liable for any cost or damage arising either directly or indirectly from any such transaction. It is solely your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, completeness and usefulness of all opinions, advice, services, merchandise and other information provided through the site or on the Internet generally. Just For Kix Catalog Sales does not warrant that the site will be uninterrupted or error-free or that defects in the site will be corrected. The site and any software made available on the site are provided on an "as is, as available" basis. The documents and related graphics published on this site may include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically made to the information herein. Just For Kix Catalog Sales and/or its respective suppliers may make improvements and changes in the product(s) or the program(s) described herein at any time. Comments:• If you have any questions or comments regarding our privacy policy feel free to email us at dance@justforkix.com.
×
Follow Us
Follow Us online, join our conversations, engage with our teams around the world!
×
IMPORTANT!
Please enter your contact info! Our agents are currently offline, but we can get back to you ASAP if you leave your email and phone# in the live chat widget below.
Close Save changes
×
HELP
Here you can find additional information about our services:
ShippingReturnsTermsOur CatalogAbout UsPrivacySubscribeCareersSitemap
218-829-7107 (Dance Class Questions) 800-762-3347 (Catalog) Physical Address
7842 College Rd
Baxter MN 56425
HelpShippingReturnsTermsOur CatalogAbout Us
ResourcesPrivacySubscribeCareersSitemap
Get Social