http://www.westga.edu/uwgonline/uwg-online-student-help.php
Skip to content
Skip to main navigation
What We Offer
Online Programs
Online Courses
Joint/Dual Enrollment
Transient Enrollment
eCore
eMajor / Bachelor of Science in Organizational Leadership
Credit by Prior Learning (CPL)
Why Go West
Top Reasons
Amazing Things Happen
Get Started
Is Online For You?
Apply Now or Request Info
International Students
Important Dates
Cost
Financial Aid
Military Options
FAQs
Technology Requirements
About Us
Meet the Staff
Distance & Distributed Education Center
Effectiveness
DLA Conference
Meaningful Living Conference
Online Journal of Distance Learning Administration
Consumer Information
Help
Contact UWG Online
Student Resources
Faculty & Staff Resources (CTL)
Prospective Students
Status Page
The UWG Online Faculty & Student Services Team is here to help with any questions
or concerns you have with your online classes.
UWG Resource for Online Support (Knowledge Base)
Helpful links Jump to content
CourseDen Tutorials Jump to content
Other Services Jump to content
Downloads & More Tools Jump to content
Get Help Jump to content
CourseDen Announcements
Technology Requirements
CourseDen Log In
Online Student Guide
Academic Calendar
Registration
Orientation
Exams and Testing
Academic Policies
Accessibility & Privacy Statements for Technology (DOC)
Status Page
Getting Started
CourseDen is an innovative learning management system for creating, hosting and editing
online learning resources. CourseDen contains a flexible suite of tools for creating
custom content for courses, instructor, and users. Use the navigation to the left,
or select an icon below to get started working with the tools CourseDen has to offer
For a complete walkthrough, please visit our Student/Instructor Getting Started Guide.
I would like to:
Your Account
Add a profile picture
Setup email/text message notifications
Change my password
Help! This is my first time logging into CourseDen
Log into CourseDen
Unlock my account
Help! My classes are not appearing
Navigation
Access my courses
Pin courses (DOC)
Pin courses (YouTube)
General Topics
Help! My content is not displaying (Mixed Content)
Help! CourseDen is down or inaccessible
Help! This my first time logging into CourseDen
What is CourseDen's technical compatibility
Help! I am getting an error 500 or internal server error
Accessibility
Web accessibility refers to how easily people with disabilities can navigate and interact
with websites. Disabilities may be physical (such as blindness, low vision, deafness,
or fine motor skills difficulty), or cognitive (such as dyslexia or attention deficit
disorder). People with disabilities often use assistive technologies to help them
navigate the web. An assistive technology is any device that helps a person with a
disability. Common web assistive technologies include modified mice and keyboards,
screen readers and screen magnifiers.
Web accessibility occurs when websites support web accessibility standards, are compatible
with assistive technologies, and are easy for people to navigate and understand.
Desire2Learn follows web accessibility standards closely and work with interested
clients to test the usability of their products for people with disabilities. They
believe that instructional practices should focus on helping people learn, and should
not be limited by the learning management system the material is delivered in.
For a complete walkthrough, please visit our Student/Instructor Accessibility Guide.
I would like to:
Increase the font size
Learn more about screen reader compatibility & video accessibility
Learn more about the online text-to-speech integration - ReadSpeaker
Calendar
Use the Calendar tool to arrange and visualize your course events in multiple views
and enable integration of course content and your Calendar.
You can use iCal to synchronize the Calendar tool to your personal calendars (such
as Outlook and Google Calendar, as well as iPhone, Android, and Blackberry).
For a complete walkthrough, please visit our Student/Instructor Calendar Guide.
I would like to:
Add a task
Sync my calendar to Google calendar
Sync my calendar to Outlook
Chat
The Chat tool is a real-time, text-based collaboration tool. You can use the Chat
tool to brainstorm ideas, hold a question and answer period, have a debate or discussion,
or organize a remote study group. As opposed to other collaboration tools, such as
Discussions, Chat conversations occur in real-time. You can set up course specific
chat rooms or chat rooms that involve individuals from all over the organization.
For a complete walkthrough, please visit our Student/Instructor Chat Guide.
Classlist
Use the Classlist tool to view who's enrolled in your course, check users' online
statuses, send email or pager messages, view shared locker files, and read their blogs
if they have one.
For a complete walkthrough, please visit our Student/Instructor Classlist Guide.
Content
Use the Content tool to access course materials, complete required activities, and
monitor your completion progress on topics contained within each course module.
For a complete walkthrough, please visit our Student/Instructor Cotent Guide.
I would like to:
Access the Binder tool
Bookmark content
Download course content
Help! My content is not displaying (Mixed Content)
Help! I am having video playback errors
Help! Where's my syllabus?
Discussions
The Discussions tool is a collaboration area to post, read and reply to threads on
different topics, share thoughts about course materials, ask questions, share files,
or work with your peers on assignments and homework.
For a complete walkthrough, please visit our Student/Instructor Discussion Guide.
I would like to:
Bookmark a discussion topic
Filter a discussion topic
Mark a discussion 'read' or 'unread'
Subscribe to a discussion topic
Use the 'search' function
View discussions like emails
Create and reply to a discussion
View a graded rubric for a discussion
Dropbox
The Dropbox tool enables you to submit assignments in CourseDen, eliminating the need
to mail, fax, or email your work to instructors. Simply upload your submission to
the appropriate dropbox folder and submit.
For a complete walkthrough, please visit our Student/Instructor Dropbox Guide.
I would like to:
Learn more about the TurnItIn originality detection
Learn more about Dropbox submission confirmation
Identify when TurnItIn is active
View feedback from instructor
Email
The Email tool allows you to send email from within Learning Environment. You can
also organize received mail using folders and store email addresses using the Address
Book.
You have an email account for sending emails to and receiving emails from other users
in CourseDen. You cannot send emails to external addresses.
For a complete walkthrough, please visit our Student/Instructor Email Guide.
I would like to:
Help! I can't see my email (Email filter)
Email my whole class
Filter my emails and contacts by course
Setup my email notificaions
Setup my email signature
View an attachment
Help! My email link not showing or displaying a "Not Authorized" warning
Limit my email filter to "All Messages" and "Course" only
Grades
Use the Grades tool to check your grades on assignments and tests. You can see your
individual grades and comments, as well as class averages and feedback. You can also
view your final grade and the grade formula used to evaluate you once your instructor
releases your grades.
For a complete walkthrough, please visit our Student/Instructor Grades Guide.
I would like to:
View my instructor's feedback
View my progress in a course
Locker
Use the Locker tool to upload and store files in CourseDen. Locker enables you to
upload files from your PC, or to create new HTML files. Group locker areas allow you
to collaborate on files with others.
For a complete walkthrough, please visit our Student/Instructor Locker Guide.
News
Use the News tool to read instructor messages, course information, and other news
updates.
News items appear in the News widget, but through your notification settings, you
can also receive instant notifications about postings through email, SMS, and RSS
feeds.
For a complete walkthrough, please visit our Student/Instructor News Guide.
Pager
The pager is an online messaging tool for sending text messages to classmates and
other members of CourseDen. A page is quicker and less formal than an email. Use the
pager to quickly see which of your classmates are online, get an answer from a friend,
or to send a reminder or notice.
For a complete walkthrough, please visit our Student/Instructor Pager Guide.
Quizzes
Use the Quizzes tool to take a quiz, review your quiz results, and see class statistics
for a quiz.
For a complete walkthrough, please visit our Student/Instructor Quizzes Guide.
I would like to:
Help! I can't access my quiz!
Review a quiz (and view quiz feedback)
User Progress
The User Progress tool helps track student progress in a course by measuring their
completion of 9 different progress indicators. Instructors can use User Progress to
track their students' overall progress and prepare progress reports, while students
can use User Progress to keep track of all of their course-specific assignments and
feedback. Progress reports are available for the following progress indicators:
Grades
Objectives
Content
Discussions
Dropbox Folders
Quizzes
Checklist
Surveys
Login History
For a complete walkthrough, please visit our Student/Instructor User Progress Guide.
Other Resources
Online Resources
YouTube Tutorial Videos
UWG|Online Maintenance Schedule:
Please see the Board of Regents GeorgiaView Maintenance Schedule for the latest dates and times for scheduled maintenance downtime. GeorgiaONmyLINE
programs, such as eCore®, follow the schedule for D/X site regardless of campus affiliation.
Be sure to mark these dates in your calendar so you can allocate time for completing
assessments, assignments, discussions, and other course related content.
** Note - if one of the above listed tools is still active when the server goes down,
you WILL be kicked off with no chance to save, submit, or complete your materials.
Banweb (to register for courses and more)
Banweb is a secure, online tool used to manage student information and register for
classes online. Through BanWeb, students can register and perform typical student
tasks from the comfort of their own home or dorm room.
BanWeb is used for:
Registration for classes
Pay Fees
Drop / Add
Check Grades
Change Address
View and print Transcripts
View and print Class Schedule
Purchase Meal Plan
To access BanWeb, you must log into Campus Pipeline on the myUWG page. Once logged in, simply click on the "BanWeb" tab.
For a complete walkthrough, please visit our Student Banner Guide.
I would like to:
Access Banweb.
Learn more about eCore classes.
Learn more about fully online courses.
Learn more about partially online courses.
Search Banweb for fully online courses.
Would you like to get hands on training with some of the most important systems we
use at UWG? Click the links below to launch the software simulations.
BanwebGrades FirstSchedule BuilderWolf Watch
Center for Academic Success
View the Center for Academic Success website.
Collaborate Ultra (web conferencing & collaboration)
Blackboard Collaborate software solutions offer a social, interactive learning experience
with virtual classrooms, online conferencing, instant messaging and more collaboration
tools.
The Collaborate Classroom is the cornerstone of the Collaboration Suite. It is a live,
virtual classroom environment with robust features that include audio, video, application
sharing and content display. Its pedagogical design and ease-of-use ensures that educators
and students engage as if they were meeting face-to-face.
Advanced features include polling, whiteboarding, presenter on-the-fly, resizable
chat areas and participant lists, usage analytics tools, and now both MP3 and MP4
downloads enable further dynamic interaction between students and educators..
UWG | Online is happy to assist students with Blackboard Collaborate and Wimba Classroom
during normal business hours.
For specialized and after-hours assistance with Blackboard Collaborate contact Blackboard
via the below options: Toll Free at 1-877-382-2293 and/or on the Blackboard service page.
Frequently Asked Questions:
Introduction to Collaborate
Interacting with Participants
Cannot Open Collaborate Classroom
View a Recorded Session
External Training Resources:
Visit Blackboard's Website
Training Provided by Blackboard
Training Provided by Brainshark
Grammarly
Grammarly is an automated proofreader that checks for more than 250 types of spelling,
grammar, and punctuation errors. It helps enhance vocabulary usage through word suggestions
and also attempts to correct possible plagiarism issues by suggesting properly formatted
citations.
UWG provides the Premium Education versions of Grammarly for free for all UWG faculty,
students, and staff. If you need support or assistance with Grammarly, please contact
Janet Gubbins via phone (678-839-0630) or email (jgubbins@westga.edu)
To install and set up your FREE UWG Premium Grammarly account:
If you do NOT already have a Grammarly account, follow the Account Setup - Option 1 instructions.
If you DO already have a Grammarly account, follow the Account Setup - Option 2 instructions.
If you would like to use Grammarly with Microsoft Word, view the document that is
linked below
Please read all warnings and suggestions prior to installing the MS Word add-on. These
can be found in any of the Grammarly documentation files that are linked in this section.
If you still want to install the MS Word add-on, follow the Grammarly add-on instructions.
For more comprehensive information, you can view the Grammarly information page.
ReadSpeaker (webReader & docReader)
The CourseDen ReadSpeaker Integration automatically enables ReadSpeaker online text-to-speech
& screen reader technology for CourseDen’s HTML content pages for all users. Using
webReader Any student can hear their HTML course content spoken aloud or download
it as an MP3 using only their internet browser. Students can also highlight and play
back a subset of the content. You can also open documents in the docReader and have
ReadSpeaker's text-to-speech read the document along with providing a few other useful
tools.
If you think there is an issue with your ReadSpeaker, be sure your are trying to listen
to a CourseDen HTML file. Give UWG | Online’s help desk a call at 678-839-6248 if you are unsure what kind of page you are trying to listen to.
Further Resources:
About ReadSpeaker
Basic Text to Speech
Settings
Download as MP3
Student Selected Highlighting
Smarthinking (online tutoring and writing center)
Smarthinking is an online tutoring/writing assistance service provided to UWG students
in online courses, off-campus (Newnan, Douglasville, etc.) courses, and QEP courses.
It is simple, fast, and always available. Students can connect to live educators from
any computer that has internet access, with no special software installation or equipment
required.
Depending on semester funding, access may be open to all students or only students
enrolled in an entirely and fully online course, a course within a current or developing
online program, a QEP course, or a course being offered at UWG Newnan, UWG - Douglasville
Center, or any off-campus locations site. If you are in a qualifying course, you may
contact your professor to request adding the Smarthinking link to your course, or
contact our helpdesk at 1-855-933-8946 (local: 678-839-6248) or online@westga.edu.
Log into CourseDen
Enter one of your classes
Click Resources > Smarthinking to be taken to the Smarthinking website
Further Resources:
Frequently Asked Questions
Smarthinking Overview
Accessing Smarthinking
Using Smarthinking
Explore Smarthinking
Student CoursEval (course evaluations)
Log-in
CoursEval, which maintains online student evaluations, had an update to its servers
in the Fall of 2014. As part of these updates there is now a new, direct link to your
account and CoursEval will accept your UWG ID username and password as your login
credentials.
New login processDirect Link to CoursEval Use this link to access your evaluation results or open surveys
Credentials Username: Your UWG ID username (for example, jsmith) Password: Your UWG ID password (12+ character passphrase)
What is CoursEval
Formative evaluations/ End-of-term evaluations During the last weeks of the term, the DDEC conducts its own online student evaluation
of instruction. Our evaluations are conducted outside of CourseDen, in CourseEval,
and can be accessed online any time. See the CoursEval Privacy Policy and Accessibility [PDF] statements.
Your instructors welcome your suggestions and take them very seriously. Evaluations
are anonymous and secure. Be assured that instructors cannot access evaluation results
until the final course grades are turned in.
Things to remember
There are two evaluations to complete: One for each of your online courses and one
for UWG|Online.
You can also easily access your evaluations using either your computer or mobile device.
Let Your Voice be Heard!
More than just a box to check off at the end of the semester, the student evaluation of instruction (SEI) is a critical feature for faculty looking
to increase their ability to make a lasting impact on their students. During the last
weeks of the term, the DDEC administers online student evaluation of instruction (SEI)
for all distance courses. These anonymous evaluations are conducted outside of CourseDen,
in CourseEval. They must be completed during the open evaluation time periods each semester, but
can be viewed online at any time.
Specific results are shared with the instructor, the Chair, and the Dean. The Evaluation Summary for Distance Courses form requires that the faculty provide written documentation reflecting on their
DE course evaluation results and how the students' feedback will be used for improvement.
Aggregate results are made available online at: DE Evaluation Documents. Reminders are shared on the UWG|Online social media sites (Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram).
If you get an error message, or do not see your course, check with your professor.
Your professor may have chosen to offer an in-class paper evaluation.
If you have any questions, please e-mail UWG|Online at online@westga.edu or call the UWG|Online Helpline at 678-839-6248 (Mon-Fri from 8am - 5pm).
I would like to:
Access CoursEval
Students - Send Proof of Survey Completion
TurnItIn (plagiarisim prevention & assessment)
Turnitin is an originality checking and plagiarism prevention service used by millions
of students and faculty, and thousands of institutions worldwide. Turnitin encourages
best practices for using and citing other people’s written material. The service offers
a complete web-based service to manage the process of submitting and tracking papers
electronically, providing better—and faster—feedback to students.
Further Resources:
Turnitin Introduction
Checking your Grade in GradeMark
GradeMark Overview
Originality Checker Overview
Create a Student Account for Turnitin
UWG Campus Writing Center
View the Campuse Writing Center website.
Any Video Converter
UWG|Online recommends this program to students who need to do one of the following:
convert video files, reduce file size, and/or reduce the frame size of their video
Visit the Any Video Converter for more information.
More Resources:
Online Help for Any Video Converter - Free Version
Video Tutorials
FAQ Center
Audacity (audio editor & recorder)
Audacity is a fast, open-source, multi-track audio editor and recorder. It supports
WAV, AIFF, Ogg, and MP3 formats. Features include envelope editing, mixing, built-in
effects, and plug-ins, as well as unlimited undo. On top of all that, it's free!
Visit the Audacity homepage for more information and to download the software.
More Resources
F.A.Q.
Manuals and Documentation
More Tutorials (Wiki)
Tips (Wiki)
Google Drive (web-based office suite)
Google Drive is a Web-based office suite all in one location. It allows you to create,
edit and manage documents, presentations and spreadsheets while collaborating online
in real-time. With Google spreadsheets and forms, you can learn to create, save, and
enter data which can be shared with respondents of your choice. As they respond, their
answers will be stored in a spreadsheet which you can use to analyze, graph and share
the results. Access Google Drive.
Further Resources:
Overview of Google Drive
Google Drive on the web
Google Drive for your Mac/PC
About Google Drive for your Mac/PC
Install Google Drive on your Mac/PC
System requirements
Sync files and folders
Organize your files into folders
Google Sites (build your own website)
Google Sites is the easiest way to make information accessible to people who need
quick, up-to-date access. People can work together on a Site to add file attachments,
information from other Google applications (like Google Docs, Google Calendar, YouTube
and Picasa), and new free-form content. Visit the Google Sites Help Center for more information.
Beginner's Guide
Step 1 - Welcome to Google Sites
Step 2 - Creating your site
Step 3 - Building and editing your site
Step 4 - Site access
Step 5 - Advanced site tips
iMovie (video editor)
iMovie is a movie editing application that allows Mac users to create movies from
a number of different sources including digital video cameras, DV-encoded files, and
pictures. Visit the iMovie support site for more information.
Further Resources:
Download iMovie
iMovie Help
Kaltura
Kaltura is an online multi-media tool that allows users to create, edit, stream, manage,
access, and collaborate on multi-media projects. The tool can be used to easily capture
audio and video, as well as deliver related documents or files.
Visit UWG's Kaltura webpage for more information.
Further Resources:
Quick Start Guide
Personal Capture
Video Captioning
Piktochart (create infographics)
Piktochart helps you to create infographics, share and get results in 3 easy steps.
No design experience required. Using your UWG Google email account, you can create
a free, limited account.
Visit the Piktochart website for more information.
Further Resources:
Create your free account
Overview
Research
Design
Results
Download E-book
Video Library
PowToon (animated presentations)
PowToon will create the world’s most minimalist, user friendly and intuitive presentation
software that allows someone with no technical or design skills to create engaging
professional “look and feel” animated presentations.Using your UWG Google+ account
(associated with your student GMail account), you can create a free, limited account.
For more information, visit the PowToon website.
Further Resources:
Blog
Cartoon Marketing E-Book
PowToon Examples
Knowledge Base
Tutorials
Prezi (animated presentations)
Prezi is a free web-based presentation application and storytelling tool that uses
a single, infinite canvas instead of traditional slides.
Prezi provides discounts to students and teachers who sign up with a school email
address. If you do not have an email associated with your educational institution,
please see the standard pricing. Visit the Prezi website for more information.
Further Resources
Starting a Free Student Account
Prezi for Windows
Prezi for Mac
Prezi for iPad
Prezi for iPhone
Learn & Support
Manual/F.A.Q.
Community Forum
Online training
SlideShare (share presentations)
SlideShare is an online community for sharing presentations. You can upload PowerPoint
and Keynote presentations, Word and PDF documents, and videos.
SlideShare consists of more than 15 million uploads from individuals and organizations
on topics ranging from technology and business to travel, health, and education. Find
and search for what interests you. Visit the SlideShare website for more information.
Further Resources:
Access SlideShare
Help Center
StudyBlue (study tool)
StudyBlue is a collaborative learning ecosystem that empowers more than 4.5 million
people to master any subject. Students can connect with others who are on a similar
learning journey through a shared library of more than 200+ million pieces of user-generated
content. StudyBlue brings together the wisdom of the crowd, making it easier to master
anything from chemistry to Chinese. - Start using StudyBlue.
Need help with StudyBlue? Visit the StudyBlue Help Center.
WinSCP (upload web content)
WinSCP is a free open source SFTP client for Windows. It allows file transfering between
a local and remote computer and offers scripting and basic file manager functionality.
Use this program to upload content to your student web directory. For more information
about WinSCP visit the WinSCP webpage.
Further Resources:
UWG Web Publishing Basics
Download WinSCP
WinSCP Support Documentation
This list of downloads shows the best versions of software to use CourseDen effectively.
Supported Internet Browsers
Mozilla Firefox
Safari
Google Chrome
Microsoft Edge
Java Plug-In
Java
Other Recommended Software
RealPlayer
Adobe Reader
Adobe Flash Player
Apple Quicktime
Any Video Converter
Software Simulations
Would you like to get to know some of the most important systems we use at UWG? Click
the link below to learn more.
Online Orientation (a general orientation for everything UWG)
You can create a guest login to view the orientation slides
Direct Link to CourseDen:
If you are experiencing latency/bandwidth issues accessing CourseDen using a portal
login (i.e. http://www.westga.edu), always try using the direct link to login to CourseDen.  (Remember: eCore, eMajor, EU, and WebMBA courses log on to GoView)
Please Note: You will not have access to CourseDen until 24-48 hours after you actually
register for classes via MyUWG. Also, keep in mind, that you will not be able to see
any of your registered courses in CourseDen until the actual start date of the course.
How to Login
Go to CourseDen using the direct link and enter:
Username = your registered UWG ID username (ex. sdoe1, sd00001)
Password = your registered UWG ID password (hint = it’s at least 12 characters long)
Check Your Browser
View the GeorgiaView system checker to see if your computer and browser are compatible with CourseDen.
You will want to make sure that all of the checks say YES. If anything says NO, you will need to try to fix it or contact UWG|Online for help.
Need Help?
UWG ID: Contact ITS Service Desk Monday - Friday 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM EST (678) 839-6587servicedesk@westga.edu Learn more about the UWG ID by visiting the UWG ID Information Page.
CourseDen (D2L): Contact UWG|Online Help Desk(678) 839-6248  or 1-855-933-UWGO (8946)online@westga.edu
Regular Hours:Monday - Thursday: 8:00 AM - 8:00 PM ESTFriday: 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM EST
Summer Hours (May 18 - Jul 27):Monday - Thursday: 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM ESTFriday: 8:00 AM - 4:30 PM EST
Chat With Us: Live HelpRemote Support: Team Viewer
CourseDen 24-hour Help1-855-772-0423
Collaborate After Hours Support
UWG|Online is happy to assist students with Blackboard Collaborate during normal business
hours (see above for contact info)
For specialized assistance with Blackboard Collaborate after hours, contact them via
the below options:
Toll Free at 1-877-382-2293
Or, on the Blackboard Support website.
Back to the top
Search
People
Departments
Sites
close
© 2020 University of West Georgia. All Rights Reserved.