http://www.bostonsingersresource.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Home Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
Thank you for visiting our web site and reviewing our Privacy Policy.  This web site, www.bostonsingersresource.org (the “Site”), is operated on behalf of Boston Singers’ Resource (“BSR”), a non-profit organization dedicated to strengthening the New England classical singing community.  Your privacy is important to us.  It is our policy to protect your Personal Information (as defined below) and to use it only in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  This Privacy Policy governs our use and disclosure of information collected through this site.Information We Collect From YouWe automatically collect information about your Internet connection, including but not limited to:The name of the Internet domain you used to access the Internet;The IP address of the web site from which you linked directly to our Site;The date and time you accessed our Site; andThe pages you visited.This information (“Non-Personal Information”) does not identify you personally.  We use this Non-Personal Information to monitor the effectiveness of the Site and to consider potential improvements to the Site.We request that you provide certain personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) to register for access to the Subscriber-only portions of the Site.  In order to register we request that you provide contact information, including but not limited to your name, address, e-mail address, and phone number.  In order to make full use of the services provided on the Site you may also wish to post your photograph, individual biography, and interviews.  Providing such information is voluntary, and by providing such information, you consent to our collection and use of it pursuant to this Privacy Policy.  You may choose not to provide Personal Information via the Site, and you may choose not to participate in the Subscriber-only portions of the Site.We also request that you provide your credit card information (“Credit Card Information”) to purchase a paid membership to the Site and to register for certain events conducted by BSR.  We collect Credit Card Information and use it only to process such transactions.  Providing such information is voluntary, and by providing such information, you consent to our collection and use of it, as described in this Privacy Policy.  If you do not wish to provide Credit Card Information, you may mail a check or money order for payment of subscription or registration fees, or you may choose not to subscribe to the Site or register for events.Use of Your Personal InformationOnce you have registered, we use your Personal Information to display your contact information to other Members of the Site via the Boston Singers’ Resource Directory.  We also use your Personal Information to administer your participation in the Site and to communicate information we think may be of interest to you.  You also understand that other users of the Site may access and use your Personal Information and that we have no control over their use of your Personal Information and are not responsible for their use of your Personal Information.  We may use your Personal Information to provide aggregate statistics about our users, traffic patterns, and related site information to our sponsors and partners.  None of these statistics will identify you personally.  Identifying information about any individual person will not be disclosed by BSR unless that person has given us permission to share that information.  BSR does not sell, lend or rent any of your Personal Information to third parties. Sharing Your InformationThrough the Boston Singers’ Resource Administration, we disclose your Personal Information to Other Members of the Site.  We may use third party service providers and suppliers to facilitate the Site and the services we provide, and they may have access to Personal Information.  In addition, we may buy or sell business assets, be acquired by or acquire other organizations, or enter into partnerships with other organizations.  In such transactions, Personal Information generally is one of the transferred or shared business assets.  In the event we merge or consolidate with another institution, Personal Information may be transferred to the successor entity.  In the event we enter into a partnership with another organization, we may disclose your Personal Information to such other partner in order to administer your participation in the Site and further the mission of BSR.  We may also disclose Personal Information if we are required or requested to do so by law. BSR does not assume any liability for third parties that have been provided with information as permitted by this Privacy Policy or who have collected information as permitted by this Privacy Policy.Use of CookiesThe use of cookies enables us to enhance your visits to the site.  Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that are transferred to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser.  Cookies enable us to recognize your browser and provide features that are tailored to your needs.We may use information from cookies for purposes of planning and tracking, as well as assessing the technical function of the Site.  We may also use cookies to track information about which pages you visit within the Site to help us gauge the effectiveness of the Site or our content.Cookies do not identify the user personally; they simply identify the browser and track the settings, preferences or features.  You may stop or restrict the placement of cookies on your computer, including third party cookies, or flush them from your browser by adjusting your web browser preference, in which case you may still use our web site, but it may interfere with some of its functionality.MembershipBoston Singers’ Resource does not discriminate on the basis of race, age, color, religion, national origin or ancestry, sex, gender, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression. Any individual may become a free or paid member of Boston Singers’ Resource and may remain so as long as they abide by the BSR Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.  BSR reserves the right to remove any individual or group from free or paid membership who does not abide by the BSR Terms of Service or Privacy Policy.  BSR reserves the right to remove information posted by any individual or group that does not support the rules, laws and guidelines outlined in the BSR Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.Linked SitesWe may provide links on the Site to other sites of interest or to sites that perform services for us.  We do not review or endorse or screen the content of these sites or guarantee that they will abide by this Privacy Policy.  Your use of such linked sites is subject to the terms and conditions and privacy policies of the providers of those sites.  We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our Site and to read the privacy statements of each Site that collects personal information about you or your credit card information.Website ContentBSR reserves the right to edit and/or remove content throughout the Site.  Content subject to editing and removal may include, but is not limited to profile information, news and calendar posts, articles, links, photos, videos, and general resource information. Security MeasuresWe work hard to protect the security of your information.  While we strive to protect your information through security measures on our system, we cannot guarantee such security, particularly for a service such as BSR that relies significantly on the public Internet.  Consequently, we do not insure or warrant the security of information you transmit, and you do so at your own risk.  BSR also does not insure or warrant the security or integrity of electronic data transmitted to your computer and other electronic devices in connection with your use of the Site.Disclaimer Of WarrantyBy use of the Site you acknowledge that BSR shall not be responsible for (a) damage or expenses caused by any viruses, spyware or malware, that you might incur in connection with your use of the Site and (b) any direct, indirect, incidental, special consequential or exemplary damages which may be incurred by you, however caused and under any theory of liability.  This shall include, but not be limited to, any loss of profit (whether incurred directly or indirectly), any loss of goodwill or business or personal reputation, any loss of data suffered, cost of procurement of substitute goods or services, or other intangible loss.Children And ParentsUsers under 18 years of age may use our Site only with the permission of a parent or guardian.  We do not intend to collect Personal Information from children.  If your child has submitted Personal Information and you would like to request that such information be removed, you may contact us via one of the contact methods described on the Site and we will promptly remove such information and shall not use such information or include it in our database.  Users under the age of eighteen and their parents or guardians are advised that any Personal Information voluntarily entered by children may be available for public access until BRS becomes aware that a user is under the age of eighteen and has had a reasonable opportunity to remove the information from the site.Children under 13 years of age should not send any information about themselves to us.  If a child under 13 submits information to us, and we discover that the person submitting the information is a child, we will attempt to delete this information as soon as possible.  Because we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under 13, we do not use or disclose such information to third parties.Reviewing InformationYou may review your information at any time by logging into the Site.  You may make changes to the information you have submitted at any time through the Site.  You may contact BSR via one of the contact methods described on the Site if you wish to discuss any issues regarding your information.Changes To This PolicyWe may change this Privacy Policy from time-to-time.  If we do make a change, we will post the revised Privacy Policy on this Site.  We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically.  Questions, comments or complaints about our privacy policies should be submitted to us via the methods described on the Site.Effective DateThis Privacy Policy was last updated June,  2013.