https://www.scbwi.org/scbwi-privacy-policy/
Admin Dashboard
Renew
Log Out
My Home
Renew
Sign In
Join
Home
About
Our Mission
Membership Benefits
Membership Categories
Board of Advisors
Who We Are
Anti-Harassment Statement
SCBWI Policies
SCBWI Statement of Intent on Equity and Inclusion
SCBWI Digital
Digital Workshops 3.0
Digital Workshops – Archive
SCBWI Connects
SCBWI YouTube
Regional Webinars
Events
Winter Conference 2021
Nonfiction Workshop
Summer Spectacular 2020
Annual Events
SCBWInvite
Local Chapters
Regional Chapters
Publications
The Book: Essential Guide to Publishing for Children
The SCBWI Bulletin
INSIGHT
La cometa, boletín en español
Podcasts
Masterclasses
Showcases
SCBWI BookStop
2020 Reading List
Happy Book Birthday
Member Bookstore
Illustrator Gallery
Speakers Bureau
Awards & Grants
Awards & Grants
Contact
Blog
GO TO BLUEBOARD
SCBWI Policies
Privacy Policy
The SCBWI takes very seriously the responsibility of maintaining our members’ privacy. It has long been, and will continue to be, our policy not to share or sell members’ personal information, including contact information or membership activity, such as conference or workshop attendance. Communications from the SCBWI to its members are limited to information regarding the field of publishing and related endeavors,
If members were to receive questionable correspondence from someone outside of the organization or believe their contact information may have been shared or hacked by an outside entity, please contact us at once at scbwi.org. We will investigate the source and, if necessary, issue an immediate cease and desist order to the offending party,
Weapons Policy
It is the policy of the Society of Children’s Book Writers and Illustrators to maintain an environment that is safe for all persons.  To achieve this objective, it is the SCBWI’s policy to maintain a firearms and weapons free environment at all of our events and prohibit the possession of firearms and weapons regardless of any license or permit that an individual may have which would otherwise authorize the individual to carry firearms or weapons. Weapons are defined as anything that is intended to cause harm to another person.
Non-Solicitation Policy
The SCBWI has a very strict policy on the use of any and all member and Regional Volunteer contact information. This applies to all published materials from the SCBWI and information on the SCBWI website and on its regional websites. This includes all email addresses, member information and chapter volunteer contact information, including but not limited to Regional Advisors, Assistant Regional Advisors and Illustrator Coordinators. THIS CONTACT INFORMATION MAY NOT BE USED FOR ANY SOLICITATIONS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, OR OTHER ITEMS OF ANY KIND. Violation of this policy will result in immediate termination of your membership.