http://www.wfsb.com/site/privacy.html
Welcome, Guest
Sign Up
Log In
Dashboard
Logout
My Account
My Account
Dashboard
Profile
Saved items
Logout
Home
News
US & World News
Local News Only
Politics
3Cares
Newsletters
Family Friday
Something's Brewing
Something's Cooking
Something's Open
Wellness Wednesday
Trending Now
Lost and Pound
Fugitive Files
Podcasts
Videos
Hometown Scramble
Birthdays & Anniversaries
Weather
Alerts
Radar
Pinpoint Doppler Loop
Pinpoint Doppler Livestream
7-Day
Closings & Delays
Weather Maps
Weather Cams
Hurricane Tracker
Technical Discussion
Science Sunday/ CT Science Center
Weather Tracker
Better CT
Better Money with Johnson Brunetti
Better Lawyer
Aging in Style
Watch Live Events, Weather, and Updates
CBS Livestream
Traffic
Liberty Bank Surprise Squad
Vote Now
Submit a Photo
Medical Rounds
Face the State
Entertainment
InStyle
Entertainment Weekly
People
People en Espanol
Sports
Athlete of the Week
Friday Night Football
Friday Night Frenzy
Links
Contests
Local Steals & Deals
Advertise with us
Station Information
Our Apps
Calendar
Contests
TV Schedule
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Closed Captioning
Careers
Meet Our Team
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Toggle navigation
Menu
Log In Using Your Account
Log In
Don't have an account? Sign Up Today
My Account
Dashboard
Profile
Saved items
Logout
Search
28°
Clear
Severe Weather Alert
News
Weather
Traffic
Medical Rounds
Better
Videos
Steals & Deals
I-Team
Sports
Recipes
Breaking // US panel endorses widespread use of Pfizer COVID-19 vaccine
YOUR PRIVACY MATTERSEffective Date: September 1, 2020From personalizing your experience on our website to connecting you to great products and services, Meredith Corporation works very hard to provide you with a destination you can trust and rely on for every stage of your life.  Our mission is to be clear and transparent about how and why we collect and use information and to empower you to control your personal information. You are not our product, you are our customer. When Does this Policy Apply?This Privacy Policy applies when you interact with WFSB-TV (CBS), one of Meredith’s Local Media Group stations (“Stations”) through their website, mobile apps, email communications and other platforms (our “Sites”) What Does it Say?You should read this policy in full, here, but below are the highlights What Personal Information Do our Stations Collect about You? When you visit the Station Sites, we collect:Online Identifiers (IP address, internal and third party identifiers, advertising identifiers and device information like unique device ID)Location Data (zip codes)Internet Activity Information (browsing history, information on how you interact with our Sites (which articles or ads you click on, whether you click on links in our emails), and your interactions with social media platform features)Inferences about Your, Interests, Preferences and other Behavioral Data (hobbies, and interests (like your favorite foods, purchases or recipes, consuming tendencies) If you sign-up for a newsletter or create an account on the Sites, some of the Stations will also collect:Contact InformationAccount/Registration Information (user name and password, reminder questions and answers and communications preferences (e.g. which newsletters you would like to receive)) Some Stations collect:Publicly Available Information (your posts and submissions to blogs, video-sharing services, and other interactive forums) MORE Where/How Do We Collect Information About You?   From YouWhen you enter information on the SitesFrom Your DeviceFrom Cookies & Other Technologies (information stored on your browser, which tell us your browser, device information, IP address, and how you interact with the Sites)From OthersAdvertisersData PartnersService Providers MORE How Do We Use Your Information?  We use your information for following purposes:To recognize you when you are on our Sites so that we can personalize the content and ads that you see when you visit our SitesTo provide you with offers and other promotions from our Stations and AdvertisersTo conduct market research and analysis to help us understand you, as well as general trends in who uses our Sites, and how ads perform on our Sites (e.g., who clicked on the ad?) and which content users engage with on our Sites (e.g. who read that article or watched that video?)To protect you and us from fraud and other security issuesMORE Who Do We Share Your Information With?  We share your information in the following circumstances:With Meredith’s Local Media Group Stations, which are covered by this Privacy Policy, as well as the other companiesowned by the Meredith Corporation.With our service providers, who use your information on our behalf to help us with the purposes described above.With the advertisers who advertise on our sites or partner with us to send you offers, promotions, or ads about their products and services we think you may be interested in.With third party data partners who help us identify you and who give us additional information about you that helps us target and optimize our content and communications relating to the Sites.When required by law or as we deem necessary to respond to requests from public authorities, for business transfers or other related purposes.With other third parties, when we have your consent. MORE How Can You Control Our Use of Your Information? You can tell us how we can use your information by clicking on the links below:Marketing communicationsYou can opt-out from any Meredith email newsletter or other email list by using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each message.To request deletion or access to your information click here :Interest-based advertisingDAANAINielsen opt-out  MOREChildren’s Privacy   Meredith Stations do not knowingly collect information from anyone under the age of 16. MORERights for Our California Residents  If you’re a resident of California, you have the right to:Request that we not sell your personal information.To opt-out of the sale of your personal information on this website, please click on the link labeled “California Do Not Sell” in the footer on the homepage of this website.Disclose to you whether we share your information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes:If you would like to exercise this right, email us at lmg.privacy@meredith.com MORE How You Can Learn More Click here to read our full Privacy Policy. Still can’t find what you’re looking for about our data privacy practices? Don’t worry, just reach out to us at lmg.privacy@meredith.com and we will get back to you! What Personal Information Do We Collect?When you visit our Sites, we collect the following information:Contact Information:  Your name, phone number, postal address or email address.Account/Registration Information: User name and password, reminder questions and answers, subscription and account numbers, and communications preferences (such as which newsletters you would like to receive).Online Identifiers: IP address, advertising ID, unique device ID, and other information about your device, and internal and third party IDs that have been assigned to you. Location Information:  Information about the general location of your mobile device. Internet Activity Information: Information about your use of our Sites and other websites you visit, including the web pages, content and advertisements you view and links you click on, and whether you open, forward or click the links in emails we send to you, your browsing history, and social media use including the "shares" and “likes” you make on a social media platform that is connected to the Sites.Inferences about Your, Interests, Preferences and other Behavioral Data: (like your hobbies, and interests). Where/How Do We Collect Information About You?We collect information about you from a number of sources:From you. We collect your contact, registration/account information, and payment information when you provide it to use on the Sites.  When you make a purchase on the Sites, we also retain a record of your purchases and order history.From your Device.What are Cookies & Other Technologies?Cookies. A “cookie” is a tiny file that’s stored on your computer. It contains a unique identifier, as well as the address and other information about the website you are visiting.  Cookies help us know who you are when you visit our Sites.  For example, although you may not log-in when you visit our Sites, we can use cookies to recognize that you have visited the Site in the past.  This means that we can decide whether or not to show you the same ad, whether you may be interested in an offer from one of our Stations or advertisers, or whether there is content that you may prefer to see first when you are on one of the Sites.Web Beacons, Pixel Tags and Other Tracking Technologies.  Web beacons, pixel techs and other “tracking technologies” are small strings of code placed on a web page or in an email or advertisement.  These technologies allow your browser to recognize and store certain types of information such as cookies previously set, the time and date that you viewed the page with the beacon and a description of that page.Can You Opt Out?In most cases, yes!  There are some cookies that we need in order to operate the Sites.  If you deleted those cookies, the website would no longer function (as an example, if we can’t remember the items you put in a shopping cart, then you won’t be able to place an order on the Sites).  You can always decide to opt-out of or delete the third party cookies (cookies set by Advertisers and Data Partners) on our Sites.  Keep in mind, if you block cookies, you may not be able to view or access some of the features of our Sites.  Visit our section on your privacy choices for more information on how to opt-out.From Others.Advertisers.  In some cases, the Advertisers who serve ads on our Sites will share your email or online identifiers with us so that we can make sure their advertisements or offers reach you.Data Partners.  We work with third party data partners who share information with us about your demographic information, internet activity information, purchasing information, and your interests, preferences, and other behavioral data, which help us understand you better and personalize the contents and ads we display to you.Service Providers. We work with service providers who collect information on our behalf in order to provide services to us, such as hosting our websites, processing our credit card transactions, fulfilling your subscriptions and orders, verifying your identity, and other activities needed to help us provide our content and services to you.  We only allow our service providers to use your personal information in connection with the services they provide us.How Do We Use Your Information?We and our Affiliated Companies,Service Providers, Social Media Platforms, Advertisers, and Third Party Data Partners use information collected about you to:To Contact YouTo send you emails, including our Station newsletters, surveys and other communications.Personalize Your Experience on Our Sites, Including the Ads Displayed to YouCustomize the content and ads you see when you use our Sites, third party sites, and in our email communications.Remember your browser settings and any preferences you set while using the Sites.Provide and Improve the SitesAnalyze, operate and improve our Sites (including repairing errors or debugging) or develop new ones.Allow you to participate in features such as surveys, polls, sweepstakes, and message boards.Measure and analyze visitor traffic and usage patterns and improve the quality and effectiveness of our Sites, features and related communications.Advertising, Marketing and other Research for our AdvertisersProvide you with special offers, promotions and information from companies within our corporate family, and select Advertisers (as permitted by law).To understand trends in how the visitors to our Sites interact with the ads, content, and features on our Sites (e.g. your behavior on our Sites may be included in a general report about whether people prefer video content over written content on our Sites).Conduct market or audience analysis and related reporting (e.g. to give reports on who our visitors are and whether the ads displayed are effective).Security and Fraud PreventionEnforce our legal rights or comply with the law.Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities, comply with applicable law and enforce our see the Terms of Service.We may use your information for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information, provided we have obtained the required consent.Who Do We Share Your Information With?We may share your personal information with our Affiliated Companies,Service Providers, Social Media Platforms, Advertisers, and Third Party Data Partners.Our Affiliated Companies.  The Meredith Stations covered by this Privacy Policy share your personal information with each other and use your information as we have described here.  The Stations may also share your personal information with other companies in the Meredith family, which have their own privacy policies and are not subject to this privacy policy. Service Providers.  We engage Service Providers to provide services such as credit-card and billing processing, shipping, marketing, advertising optimization and interest-based targeting, email and text message distribution, data processing, mobile and website analytics, user authentication, security and promotions management.  We may share any information we collect about you with these Service Providers and authorize them to collect information from you directly to support the services they provide to us.  We do not authorize our Service Providers to share or use your information with any other third parties.Social Media Platforms.  To make your experience with our Sites more enjoyable, we may offer allow you to features made available by social media platforms (such as likes or social sharing). Some of Social Media Platforms may collect information directly from you pursuant to their own separate privacy policies which may differ from ours. Some social media platforms also act as our data partners, which means that we may share your personal information with them as described below under “Data Partners.”Advertisers.  We may share your information with our Advertisers who promote their product and services on our Sites.  We make your contact information, Internet activity information, inferences about your interests, preferences and other behavioral Data, and demographic information (such as your name, age, and/or email address) available to these Advertisers.  If you sign up for a special email offer from one of our Advertisers, we will also share your email address and any other information you provided with your request with the advertisers you selected.Legal Compliance, Business Transfers, and Other Disclosures.  We disclose information about users of our Sites when we believe the law requires it, for example, to respond to compulsory process or law enforcement requests, enforce our Terms of Service, or protect the rights, property or safety of users of our Sites, the public, Meredith Corporation, our Affiliated Companies, Service Providers, Social Media Platforms, Advertisers, Data Partners, or any third party. Over time, we may reorganize or transfer various assets and lines of business. We reserve the right to disclose or transfer any information we collect to third parties in connection with any proposed or actual purchase, sale, lease, merger, foreclosure, liquidation, amalgamation or any other type of acquisition, disposal, transfer, conveyance or financing of all or any portion of Meredith or our affiliates.How Can You Control Our Use of Your Information?What Rights Do You Have?Right to Know – You have the right to ask us to tell you what personal information we collect use, disclose and sell about you.Right to Request Deletion - You have the right to ask us to delete the personal information we collect or maintain about you.Right to be Free From Discrimination – You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising these rights.Right to Access or Correct Your Information - You have the right to request access to and to edit certain personal information that you have provided to us through our SitesWhile these rights are only legally required in certain jurisdictions, we do our best to honor these rights for all Meredith visitors.  If you are in the U.S. and wish to exercise your rights:Information and Deletion Requests. To exercise your right to for information on our data collection practices on this site or request deletion of the information on this site, please use the request form available hereWe will need to verify that you are who you say you are before we delete or share personal information with you.  After you submit your request, you will be sent a confirmation email and need to click on the link provided. If you are a postal subscriber, we may need to request more information from you in order to verify your request.What Other Choices do You Have?Marketing CommunicationsEmail. You can opt-out from any Meredith email newsletter by using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each message.Cookies & Other Technologies.There are a few ways to opt-out or delete cookies:On your browser (Chrome, Safari, etc.).  If you visit the settings of the browser you use, it should give you an option to accept or reject most cookies, or to notify you when a cookie is set. (Each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.) Please be aware that certain browsers cannot block or delete so-called "Flash" cookies, which use a feature of the Adobe Flash video player to store information on your computer. For information about how to delete Flash cookies, please visit the Adobe website . This will opt you out of cookies on the browser you are using. If you use multiple browsers, you will need to take this step for all relevant browsers.  Please note that denying all or certain cookies may result in a less personalized experience of some of the services offered on the website.On a Mobile Device. Depending on your device and operating system, you may be able to reset your mobile device's advertising identifier to limit this data collection or prevent the collection of usage data across unaffiliated applications for interest-based advertising purposes by accessing the privacy settings on your mobile device. Each operating system, iOS for Apple devices, Android for Android devices and Windows for Microsoft devices, provides its own instructions. Visit the privacy settings for your mobile device or contact your platform operator for more information.Opt-Out of Nielsen’s Tracking Technologies.  Some of our Advertisers and Stations may use Nielsen’s measurement services, which contribute to market research, like Nielsen’s TV and Online Campaign Ratings service.  Nielsen’s pixel may be in some of the ads on our Sites and will record whether or not you viewed the ad.  Nielsen uses the data it collects to create ratings reports for advertisers and publishers.  For more information about Nielsen's information collection practices and any related opt-out choices, please see the Nielsen.com privacy policy.   Interest-Based AdvertisingWe follow the Digital Advertising Alliance’s ("DAA") Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral advertising.To opt-out of our use of your website viewing data to serve interest-based advertising on third party websites and email newsletters, visit the DAA’s Consumer Choice Page. link to .You can also click on the Ad Choices located in the footer of our websites and navigate to the consumer opt-out form.Most of the third party advertising and data companies we work with, including DoubleClick and Google also subscribe to the DAA Principles and/or are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI"). To learn more about the information collection practices of NAI members and your related opt-out choices, please visit the NAI's website  .You must opt-out separately from each computer or device and browser that you use to access our Sites and if you clear your cookies, you will need to repeat the opt-out process.**Note that many of our websites allow you to adjust your cookie preference. You can find these controls in the footer of our website.Mobile App Advertising and TrackingWe, our Affiliated Companies and our otherService Providers, Social Media Platforms, Advertisers, involved in the delivery of advertising you receive through our mobile applications may collect information about your mobile device, including unique advertising identifiers and the names and IDs of apps you have installed, as well as information about how you use our mobile applications and other unaffiliated applications. We and our partners use this information to enable interest-based advertising you receive through our Sites and within third party apps and other marketing channels.Do Not TrackWe do not currently respond to browser do-not-track signals. Instead, we adhere to the standards set out in this privacy policy and offer the opt-out choices described above.  Children’s PrivacyWe do not knowingly allow anyone under the age of 16 to provide us with any personal information online. Children should always get permission from their parents before sending any personal information about themselves (such as their names, email addresses, and phone numbers) over the Internet, to us or to anyone else. If you're under 16, please do not register for the Sites or provide us with any personal information.Additional Privacy InformationContests and Other Co-Sponsored Promotions.  From time to time, we may offer contests, sweepstakes or other promotions. Participation in these promotions may require registration on our Sites.  We may share your registration information with co-sponsors or other third parties involved in the promotion that we identify in the rules or entry materials. We don't control these third parties' privacy practices, and our Privacy Policy does not apply to their collection and use of your information. We may also share some of your entry information with third parties or the public in connection with the administration of the promotion, such as winner selection and prize fulfillment, and as permitted by the promotion's official rules, such as on a winners' list.Security, Retention and Storage of Information. We use commercially reasonable procedures to protect the information that we collect. However, we cannot guarantee the security of our databases, nor can we guarantee that information you supply won't be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet. Please see our  Terms of Servicefor more information related to posting materials on our Sites including our use of such materials.Location of Your Data. Meredith is a U.S. company and your personal information will be transferred to, processed, stored and accessed by us, our Affiliated Companies and Service Providers in the United States and in other jurisdictions where we or they operate, which may not provide you with the same level of privacy protection as you are entitled to in your jurisdiction. When you visit our Sites or use our Brands, you consent to the processing of your information in the United States and other jurisdictions as described here.EU-U.S. Privacy Shield.  Meredith adheres to the principles of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework (“Privacy Shield Principles”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union (“EU”) to the United States, and it is in the process of certifying its compliance with the U.S. Department of Commerce.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles will govern.  To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, please visit the Privacy shield website.  Meredith is responsible for the processing of personal information it receives under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, or subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Meredith complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers from the EU and EEA, including onward transfer liability provisions. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Meredith’s compliance with its obligations under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield.  In certain situations, Meredith may be required to disclose personal information in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Meredith commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. EU individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact us at LMG.privacy@meredith.com. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not resolved your complaint, you may submit your complaint at no cost to you to JAMS, our independent recourse mechanism, at https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield. In the event there are residual complaints that have not been resolved by JAMS, or any other means, you may seek a non-monetary remedy through binding arbitration to be provided to you in accordance with the Privacy Shield Principles.Changes to Our Privacy Policy.  Digital technology is rapidly evolving. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy in the future, we'll post the changes here and indicate at the top of the policy the last date on which it was updated. Unless otherwise noted, all changes will be effective when posted.Rights for Our California ResidentsThis section contains information on the personal information we collect about residents of California (our “California Consumers”), including the sources of that information, how that informed is used, who it is shared with, and the rights that California Consumers have under California law. Our collection of your information, our data sharing practices, and your privacy rights are discussed below.       I.          Our Collection of Your InformationWhat Information Do We Collect About You?Where Do We Collect this Information From?Why Do We Collect this Information?Who Do We Share this Information With?Contact Information (Name, Email, Postal Address, Zip Code, Telephone Number)From you when you register on our sites, subscribe to one of our publications, or otherwise submit this information to us.From our Advertisers who place ads on Services. To contact you (to deliver our newsletters, surveys, and other communications to you).To create and manage your account when you register on our Services, and provide you with your membership benefits.To combine with other information we receive from our Data Partners to help us learn more about you, your interests and preferences so that we can customize your experience on our Services (including the content and advertisements displayed to you).To deliver targeted advertisements to you on social media platforms or other third party websites.To help us measure the effectiveness of the ads on our Services, including to understand whether you click on the ads on our Services and whether you buy the products/services advertised.To prevent fraud, including verifying your identityService Providers (companies who use your personal information solely to provide services to us, including advertising, website support, analytics, payment processing, subscription/order fulfillment and customer service).Our Advertisers (the brands that advertise on our Services and provide offers and other promotions to you).Social Media Platforms.Other Meredith Stations and Meredith entities that are not covered by this Privacy Policy. Online Identifiers (IP addresses, device IDs, and other internal and third party identifiers we use to recognize you online)From Pixels, Cookies, and Other Tracking Technologies, which collect information about you when you visit our Services online. To create consumer segments (groups of cookies and other IDs based on information we collect about, for example “Women age 35-44 who have purchased mascara.”, which we share with advertisers looking to sell mascara or products we think people who like mascara may also be interested in).To serve targeted ads to you (to help us, our advertisers, and our advertising networks and platforms to identity the best ads to display to you on our Services, based on the Interests, Preferences and Other Behavioral Data associated with your online identifiers).To help us measure the effectiveness of the ads on our Services, including to understand whether you click on the ads on our Services and whether you buy the products/services advertised. Service Providers (companies who use your personal information solely to provide services to us, including advertising, website support, analytics).Our Advertisers (the brands that advertise on our Services and provide offers and other promotions to you).Other Meredith Stations and Meredith entities that are not covered by this Privacy Policy.Online activity information (browsing history, search history, information about your interactions with our Services)From Pixels, Cookies, and Other Tracking Technologies, which collect information about you when you visit our Services online. To create consumer segments (groups of cookies and other IDs based on information we collect about, for example “Women age 35-44 who have purchased mascara.”, which we share with advertisers looking to sell mascara or products we think people who like mascara may also be interested in).To serve targeted ads to you (to help us, our advertisers, and our advertising networks and platforms to identity the best ads to display to you on our Services, based on the Interests, Preferences and Other Behavioral Data and Online Activity associated with your online identifiers).To help us measure the effectiveness of the ads on our Services, including to understand whether you click on the ads on our Services and whether you buy the products/services advertised. Service Providers (companies who use your personal information solely to provide services to us, including advertising, website support, analytics).Our Advertisers (the brands that advertise on our Services and provide offers and other promotions to you).Other Meredith Stations and Meredith entities that are not covered by this Privacy Policy.Interests, Preferences and other Behavioral Data (including purchase behaviors)Data Partners (these are companies who give us information about you to help us and our Advertisers understand who you are and what you may be interested in).From Pixels, Cookies, and Other Tracking Technologies, which collect information about you when you visit our Services online. To create consumer segments (groups of cookies and other IDs based on information we collect about, for example “Women age 35-44 who have purchased mascara.”, which we share with advertisers looking to sell mascara or products we think people who like mascara may also be interested in).Service Providers (companies who use your personal information solely to provide services to us, including advertising, website support, analytics).Our Advertisers (the brands that advertise on our Services and provide offers and other promotions to you).Other Meredith Stations and Meredith entities that are not covered by this Privacy Policy. II.  Our Data Sharing PracticesWe share the personal information below with our Service Providers. Our Service Providers help us send our newsletters to you, fulfill your orders, provide advertising and marketing services, and analytics, and other activities that support our business Service Providers only use the personal information we share with them to provide these services to us. Below are the categories of personal information we disclose to our Service Providers:Contact InformationOnline IdentifiersOnline activity informationInterests, Preferences and other Behavioral Data Data We Sell to Third PartiesIn some limited circumstances, we share your personal information with third parties who we allow to use that information for their own commercial purposes. Below are the categories of personal information we sell to third parties:Online IdentifiersOnline activity informationInterests, Preferences and other Behavioral DataIII. Your Privacy RightsWhat Rights Do You Have?Shine the Light Rights – You have the right to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed certain types of personal information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year. At our option, we may respond to such requests by providing instructions about how our users can exercise their options to prevent our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.Right to Opt-Out of a Sale of Personal Information –You have the right to ask us not to sell your information to third parties.IV. How Do You Submit These Requests to Us?In addition to the rights detailed in the “How Can You Control Our Use of Your Information?” section above, California residents can: Contact us to exercise your Shine the Light Rights at lmg.privacy@meredith.comOpt-Out of Sales. To opt-out of the sale of your personal information on this website, please click on the link labeled “California Do Not Sell” in the footer on the homepage of this website.How Can You Learn MoreHow to Contact UsIf you have any questions or concerns about the Meredith Corporation. Privacy Policy or its implementation please contact us via email by clicking here or by writing to:Meredith Corporation1716 Locust StreetDes Moines, Iowa 50309lmg.privacy@meredith.com1-515-284-3000