http://www.hotindienews.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Menu
HomePrivacy PolicyAboutDecember 11, 2020
Hot Indie News
Indie Resource for Movies, Music, Politics and more
Menu
Home
About
Privacy Policy
NYC Updates
News
Business News
Cultural News
Education News
Entertainment News
Environmental
Lifestyle News
Political News
Sports News
Technology News
World News
Reviews
Book Reviews
Concert Reviews
Cultural Reviews
Movie Reviews
Music Reviews
Nightlife Reviews
Restaurant Reviews
Photos
Activism Photos
Concert Photos
Festival Photos
Political Photos
Videos
Activism Videos
Comic Con Videos
Live Performances
Music Videos
Political Videos
Press Conferences
Public Hearings
Rallies/Protest Videos
Video Interviews
[ Hot Indie Media ]
[ M3 Radio ]
Search for:
×
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Hot Indie News collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the http://www.hotindienews.com website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Hot Indie News.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways in connection with activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site.. Users may visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Hot Indie News may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
– To process payments
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
– To send periodic emails
If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Advertising
Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Google Adsense
Some of the ads may be served by Google. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Users based on their visit to our Site and other sites on the Internet. DART uses “non personally identifiable information” and does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, etc. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Changes to this privacy policy
Hot Indie News has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page and send you an email. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Hot Indie News
http://www.hotindienews.com
Hot Indie News 269 12th Street, Suite 1 Brooklyn, NY 11215-3919
917-865-2591
hotindienews@yahoo.com
This document was last updated on February 03, 2014
Privacy policy created by Generate Privacy Policy
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYou must be logged in to post a comment.
admin2Authors
Aaron Sanchez
Adam Parker
admin3
Aka Khipashvili
Alex Rubin
Alfonso Biondi
Alysia Melisaratos
Amanda Ognibene
Andrea Baquero
Andrew Colarusso
Angela DiBartolomeo
Bari Gross
Bethany Joy Burr
C.W. Ross
Cailin Schiller
Casey Hicks
Cat April Watters
Chris
Cindy Trinh
Cynthia Cherish Malaran
Dani Liebling
David Conner
Dennis Levy
EbbnFlow
Elena Nearpass
Elissa Suh
Ellen Miller
Enzo Di Paolo
Eric McIntosh
Gabe Vigh
Gabriele Holtermann-Gorden
Grace Cicatello
Gregg Sauber
Haleemon Woodard
Helen Liu
Ilya Setrakian
Inga Orlova
intern
Irene Taniegra
Isa Bella
Izzo
Jacob Hyman
James Lane
Janna Green
JD Davis
Jen Klee
Jessica Dixon
Jessie Slater
jimnazium
John West
John Worth
John Zangas
David Baldwin
Jose Franco
Karen Jennings
DJ Knix
Katy Lane
Keith Chachkes
Kelvin Watkins
Kristen Mollica
Lana J. Lee
Lauren Saul
Lynn Jordan
Maria
Mark Ge
Melissa Kucirek
Melissa Patterson
Michael Johnson
Michael O'Neil
Michael Reiss
Mike Johnson
Mike SOS
Marilynn Larkin
Natasha Brandstatter
Onel Mulet
Paola
Pete Totten
Peter A. Lavenia
Stuart Nelson
Rachel Reynolds
Ralph Aloia
Ralph White
Rhiannon Strayer
Ross Edwards
Ryan Buynak
Scot Gregor
Scott Levine
Selkirk Doon
Sofia degli Alessandri
Sonya Landau
Spyder Darling
Stacy Wilson
Stella Sweeney
Stephanie Quinn
Steve Trager
Stevie B
Suhail Content
Tara Storozynsk
Tingyu Shen
Vanessa Szajnberg
Xavi Liebling
Yvonne Gougelet
Zishun Ning
Copyright © 2020 Hot Indie News
Design by ThemesDNA.com
Scroll to Top