http://www.crowden.org/privacy-policy
Skip to content Privacy PolicyUse of Personal InformationWe do not collect any personal information unless you voluntarily provide it by sending us email, participating in a survey, or completing an online form. Personal information submitted will not be transferred to any non-affiliated third parties unless otherwise stated at the time of collection. When a user submits personally identifiable information it is used only for the purpose stated at the time of collection.ConsentWhere consent for the use and disclosure of personal information is required, Crowden will seek consent from the appropriate person. In the case of a student’s personal information, Crowden will seek the consent from the student and/ or parent/guardian depending on the circumstances and the student’s mental ability and maturity to understand the consequences of the proposed use and disclosure.CookiesA cookie is a small text file stored by your browser that allows the website to “remember” your preferences such as calendar settings and site bookmarks on the site from visit to visit, or to maintain your “logged in” status when visiting protected areas. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Web browsers have settings allowing you to reject cookies, or selectively accept cookies, or delete cookies previously accepted. Please be aware that rejecting or deleting cookies from our website may make certain functions unavailable to you.Log FilesLike most standard website servers we use Google Analytics to analyze trends in how our website is accessed and utilized. Information monitored includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, geographic location of visitors (country, city), browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, time spent on pages, and keywords used to find our site via search engines. This information is anonymous and cannot be directly linked to individual users. We may use it to identify high-use or low-use areas of the site, pinpoint problem areas of the site, analyze broad demographic trends in our visitors, and make decisions about how to make it easier for people to find and navigate our website. Crowden Music Center1475 Rose Street (at Sacramento) Berkeley, CA 94702 Just 2 blocks from N. Berkeley BARTCrowden is working carefully to reopen our campus. » Click here to learn more about our reopening and COVID-19 response plans.
Scroll to Top
Skip to content
Open toolbar
Accessibility Tools
Increase Text
Decrease Text
Grayscale
High Contrast
Negative Contrast
Light Background
Links Underline
Readable Font
Reset