http://www.handheldhalo.com/hhhp_privacy_policy.htm
Hand
Held Halo Productions Privacy Policy
v1.2:2006
We
at Hand Held Halo Productions take your privacy very seriously and that is
why we have created this Privacy Policy to explain what information we
collect and what we do with it.
What
information do we collect?
When you visit this site, certain non-personally identifying information is recorded automatically by the standard operation of our Internet servers. Information such as the type of browser being used, its operating system, and your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address (a number that your Internet service provider assigns to your computer whenever you surf the Internet) is gathered
to determine website traffic characteristics.  This non-personal
information is NOT disclosed to any third parties unless required
by law or in connection with any investigations into the misuse of the
Hand Held Halo Productions website or it's products/ services.
When
purchasing items from any Hand Held Halo Productions secure online shop
you will be requested to supply your name, postal address, email address
and a valid credit/debit card number with expiration date (collectively
or in part known as "personal information").  All
credit/debit transactions are processed by the PayPal (Europe) Ltd secure
online banking service (Please refer to their Terms
or Use separately).  Hand Held Halo Productions only has access
to the information required to complete your order i.e name, postal
address, email address and the items purchased, we DO NOT have
access to credit/debit card information.  Your personal
information such as your name, postal address and email address will NOT
be disclosed to any third parties unless required by law or in
connection with any investigations into the misuse of the Hand Held Halo
Productions website or it's products/services.
Why
do we use Cookies?
A
cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer's hard drive
by your web browser.  Depending on your own personal web surfing
preferences you can configure your web browser to either accept or
reject cookies.  Where the immediate download of purchased items is
offered, "accept cookies" must be enabled in order to download
them.  Hand
Held Halo Productions may use a cookie to identify the item that you
have purchased for immediate download.
This is the only reason the cookie is created, Hand Held Halo
Productions do not use cookies to collect or monitor any other type of
information. In the event of a dropped line or congested connection the
cookie will remain active on your machine for a total of 24 hours to
allow you to complete the download of your purchased
item.
After 24 hours the cookie expires and the items are no longer
available for download.  "Disabling
cookies" will not stop you purchasing other non-downloadable items or enjoying any other
part of our website.
What
do we do with your information?
Hand
Held Halo Productions will only use your name and postal address to
provide you with the products and/or services that you have purchased
from us.  We will also include your email address on our opt-out
mailing list in that you can unsubscribe at any time by simply replying
to any of the emails with the words "PLEASE REMOVE" in the
subject header.  The "halocast" news bulletins and
exclusive offer emails are relatively infrequent circulations (approximately
bi-monthly) as we are very sensitive to the annoyance
caused by the volume of unwanted marketing and promotional email that
congests the world-wide web.  Information provided by you or your
computer will
NOT be disclosed to any third parties unless required by law or
in connection with any investigations into the misuse of the Hand Held
Halo Productions website or it's products/services.
Changes
in This Privacy Policy
We
reserve the right to modify, alter or otherwise update this Privacy
Policy at any time, so we encourage you to review this Privacy Policy
from time to time. When we make changes which we consider material in
our privacy practices, we will notify you in this space. We may also
attempt to notify you of any such material changes to our privacy
practices via email or by placing a notice on our home page.
Acceptance
of This Privacy Policy
By
using this site, you consent to the collection and use of your Personal
Information by Hand Held Halo Productions and PayPal (Europe) Ltd in accordance
with this Privacy Policy.  Please send any questions to admin@handheldhalo.com
©
Hand Held Halo Productions. All Rights Reserved. Designated
trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners. Use of
this website constitutes acceptance of the Hand Held Halo Productions Disclaimer
& Privacy Policy.
Unauthorised
copying, public performance, broadcasting, hiring or rental is strictly
prohibited.