https://www.ceolas.co.uk/about/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Ceòlas take your privacy very seriously. We know that you care about how your personal information is used and shared. Please read the following to learn more about how we collect, store, use and disclose information about you when you interact with us, in any manner, via our website and/or our services.
What Does This Privacy Policy Cover?
This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of information that we gather when you are accessing or using our websites or services or when you contact us in any manner. We gather various types of information, including information that identifies you as an individual (“Personal Information”) as explained in more detail below.
What Information Does Ceòlas Collect?
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US:
When you use our website – we collect the personal information that you provide to us, for example your name, your email address, your telephone number and your company name via our online and downloadable forms.
When you use our services – we collect the personal information that you provide to us, for example your name, your email address, your company name, your job title as well as any other contact or other information you choose to provide us in connection with the delivery of services.
INFORMATION WE AUTOMATICALLY COLLECT:
When you use our website – we collect information via cookies and other similar technologies which may include saving cookies to users’ computers. We collect certain information related to your device such as your device’s IP address, referring website, what pages your device visited, and the time that your device visited our website.
For further information, please see our cookie policy.
How Do We Use the Information?
We use the information we collect via our services for a range of reasons, including:
to set up a contact record in our system;
to provide, operate and maintain the services;
to process and complete transactions and send related information including transaction confirmations and invoices;
to investigate and prevent fraudulent activities, unauthorised access to the services, and other illegal activities;
for any other purposes about which we notify customers and users.
We use the information we collect via our website:
for administration and reporting purposes including (but not limited to) troubleshooting, performance analysis, statistical analysis and testing;
to improve our website to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device;
to analyse customers’ use of our website for trend monitoring and marketing purposes;
for the purposes made clear to you at the time you submit your information – for example, to fulfil your request for information on our products and services;
as part of our efforts to keep our website safe and secure.
We may also use the information you send to us via our website and/or services, to communicate with you via email and possibly other means regarding products, services, offers, promotions and events we think may be of interest to you or to send you our newsletter. You will always be able to opt-out of such communications at any time.
How Do We Share and Disclose the Information to Third Parties?
We do not rent or sell your Personal Information to anyone under any circumstances.
We may process your personal information for our legitimate business interests e.g. direct marketing, data analytics and/or enhancing/modifying/improving our services.
We do not transfer any information, personal or otherwise, outside of the EEA (European Economic Area).
Under certain circumstances we may be required to disclose your Personal Information in response to valid requests by public authorities such as the Police or security services.
Legitimate Interests
“Legitimate Interests” means the interests of our company in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/products and the best and most secure experience. For example, we have an interest in making sure our marketing is relevant for you, so we may process your information to send you marketing that is tailored to your interests. It can also apply to processing that is in your interests as well. For example, we may process your information to protect you against fraud when transacting on our website, and to ensure our websites and systems are secure.
When we process your personal information for our legitimate interests, we make sure to consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative), and your rights under data protection laws. Our legitimate business interests do not automatically override your interests – we will not use your Personal Data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law).
If you have any concerns, you have the right to object to processing that is based on our legitimate interests.
Is Personal Information About Me Secure?
We use appropriate technical, organisational and administrative security measures to protect any information we hold from loss, misuse, unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Unfortunately, no company or service can guarantee complete security. Unauthorised entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of user information at any time.
What Choices Do I Have?
You can always opt not to disclose information to us, but keep in mind some information may be needed to register with us or to take advantage of our services. You can opt-out of receiving promotional or marketing communications from us at any time by using the Manage Preferences page or unsubscribe link in the email communication we send. If you have engaged in any of our services, we may send you non-promotional service related communications.
Linked Websites
For your convenience, hyperlinks may be posted on our website that link to other websites (the “Linked Sites”). We are not responsible for, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to, the privacy practices of any Linked Sites or of any companies that we do not own or control. Linked Sites may collect information in addition to that which we collect on the website. We do not endorse any of these Linked Sites, the services or products described or offered on such Linked Sites, or any of the content contained on the Linked Sites. We encourage you to seek out and read the privacy policy of each Linked Site that you visit to understand how the information that is collected about you is used and protected.
Will Ceòlas Ever Change This Privacy Policy?
We’re constantly trying to improve our website and services, so we may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will alert you to material changes by, for example, placing a notice on our website and/or by sending you an email when we are required to do so by applicable law. You can see when this Privacy Policy was last updated by checking the date at the top of this page. You are responsible for periodically reviewing this Privacy Policy.
What If I Have Questions About This Policy?
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policies, please send a detailed message to info@ceolas.co.uk.
Our main address for the purposes of this website is Ceòlas Uibhist, Taigh Gleus, Dalabrog, Uibhist a Deas, HS8 5SS. Ceòlas is a Scottish Charity (No. SC031179) and a company limited by guarantee (Company No. SC216090).
Cookie Policy
We use cookies and similar technologies (“cookies”) on this website for various purposes.
What are cookies?
A cookie is a piece of information in the form of a small text file that is placed on an internet user’s computer or mobile phone when you first visit a website or page. Cookies are typically made up of letters and numbers. They are stored on your computer by your internet browser, which are then sent back to the originating website, which recognises the cookie. These cookies allow us to distinguish you from other users of the website, which helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and allows us to improve our site.
Browser’s settings
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies visit aboutcookies.org.uk.
Removing cookies
You can withdraw your consent and remove or block cookies at any time using the settings in your browser, but in some cases, this may impact your ability to use our website.
Why do we use cookies?
Like most websites, Ceòlas Uibhist uses cookies to make your visit to our website easier and to improve the quality of your user experience: by enabling cookies, a user’s preferences, information and general statistics can be stored. These statistics are things like how many people visit our website, what type of browser/technology they are using, and how long they spend on our site. These cookies help us to continuously measure and improve the performance of our website, and ultimately the user experience.