https://www.theatretillsonburg.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to toolbar
About WordPressWordPress.orgDocumentationSupportFeedbackLog InSearch
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Theatre Tillsonburg collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the theatretillsonburg.com website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Theatre Tillsonburg.
Theatre Tillsonburg acknowledges the individual’s right to privacy and is committed to protecting the confidentiality of its patrons’ personal information. Theatre Tillsonburg’s privacy policy provides Users with all of the safeguards standardized in the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA).
Theatre Tillsonburg collects personal information in order to complete patron requests, ticket orders, and charitable donations. Depending on the nature of a patron’s relationship with the theatre, such information may include the following: home address, phone and fax number(s), email address(es), credit card number(s), date of birth, name(s), a record of tickets purchased and donations made, and preferences or special needs identified by the patron, such as special-access seating.
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users when they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site.
Theatre Tillsonburg does not lend, rent or sell User information to any organization or individual. There are certain limited circumstances where it is necessary to send patron information to a third-party. For instance, we do contract third-party agencies to prepare mailings, to send emails and surveys on our behalf. When we do provide your personal information to said third-parties, we provide only the information that you have given us permission to do so and that is required in the circumstances, which may include mailing address, phone number or email address. Information provided is used only for the purpose stipulated and is subject to strict terms of confidentiality.
Theatre Tillsonburg uses Secure Server Technology using encryption for the secure exchange of data between the patron and our system. This website is secured using a Digital Certificate.
Copyrights
Theatre Tillsonburg provides access to a variety of resources including, but not limited to, text, photographs, graphics, images, illustrations, audio and video clips, logos (collectively, the “Content”) that are protected by copyright as a collective work and/or compilation under the Canadian copyright laws, international conventions, and other copyright laws.
Any reproduction, modification, publication, transmission, framing, misuse, transfer, sales, or distribution of the Content of the Site is prohibited unless prior consent is obtained by Theatre Tillsonburg. Notwithstanding the foregoing, use of these resources may be used by our media contacts for promotion and news purposes but must not be archived for future use. Any notices and or credits on content, such as footage, photographs, images, and logos, must not be removed.
Third-Party Websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Theatre Tillsonburg has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. We encourage Users to check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. Users acknowledge and agree that it is their responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your Acceptance of these Terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
If you have questions about Privacy or Terms of Use, please contact a patron services representative at boxoffice@theatretillsonburg.com.
Type and Press “enter” to Search