http://www.vincehill.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Note: Please see Section II below for a description of certain specific policies applicable to the collection and use of information from children under the age of 13.
The www.vincehill.co.uk website is maintained by/the property of Vince Hill Ltd which from this moment onwards will be referred to as the “owner”. The owner fully respects the privacy concerns of the visitors to this web site. As a general policy, no personal information is automatically collected from users of the site. In the event that we do collect any personally identifiable data about visitors to this site, that information is only collected on a voluntary basis, and it is only known to the owner [and, with respect to certain information, the relevant website maintenance company and their management].
Certain non-personal information of visitors (for example, the type of browser being used by the visitor, the type of operating system in use by the visitor and the domain name of the visitor’s Internet service provider) is recorded by the standard operation of this website’s Internet servers. This information is primarily used for internal purposes, and only in an aggregate and non-personally-identifying form. However, the owner sometimes does provide this information, in aggregate and non-personally identifying form, to other parties for marketing, advertising or other use.
Personally identifiable information may be collected by the owner when Web Site visitors voluntarily provide this information (including when visitors fill out contest entry forms, subscribe to newsletters/artist information bulletins or participate in other types of promotions). All such personal information is retained by the owner/any nominated email mailing list provider and is not sold or otherwise transferred outside the company unless we obtain the user’s express consent to do so or if we are required by law or by court/governmental order to disclose such information in a particular circumstance. This information is used by the owner for internal marketing and promotional purposes, in order to better understand the use of our sites and to support promotions included on these sites, as well as to enhance user enjoyment during the on-line experience. This data, in aggregate, non-personally-identifying form, may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising or other uses. We sometimes also use e-mail addresses and other personally identifying information to contact visitors who communicate with us. For example, we direct e-mail to visitors who provide us with their e-mail addresses for specific purposes such as receiving our e-mail newsletters/bulletins or being notified if they have won one of our contests. Each e-mail newsletter or bulletin contains instructions on how to discontinue receipt of the newsletter or bulletin.
This site also uses “cookies,” which are pieces of information that are transferred to an individual user’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. The owner never uses cookies to retrieve information from your computer that was not originally sent in a cookie and the cookie itself does not contain any personally identifying information. Cookies function by saving your passwords and site preferences – and as a result, it is possible to speed up your future activities at our site and allow us to provide you information specifically tailored to your interests. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you would prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. However, it may be possible that some parts of the site will not function optimally if you do so.
This site contains links to other Web sites. The owner is not responsible for the privacy policies and practices or the content of such Web sites.
II. Specific Policies Regarding Children Under the Age of 13:
The owner encourages parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate in the interactive activities offered on this site. Parents should consider using parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers to help supervise their children’s online activities. These tools can also prevent children from disclosing their name, address, and other personal information online without parental permission.
Your Acceptance of These Terms:
By using this site, you signify your assent to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this policy, please do not use this site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of this Web site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean that you accept those changes.
Contact Us: If you have any questions about this policy, you may email this site’s administration team at webmaster @ vincehill.co.uk .
VINCE HILL’S GREATEST HITS ALBUM!
LEGACY: My Hits & Rarities (1965-74)
Release date: 09-Jun-2017
LISTEN TO VINCE HILL ON SPOTIFY!LATEST VIDEO
Vince Hill & Cilla Black Duets (1974)
Read more