http://www.winchestergalleriesltd.com/pages/privacy-policy
Create account
|
CLIENT LOGIN
Search
0/SELECTION(S)
Menu
My Acquisitions
0
Exhibitions
Artists
Collections
+
-
Contemporary
Historical
Blog
Contact
CLIENT LOGIN
Create account
Search
Thank you for visiting our website. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using this website, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit this website to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
Note, the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this website only. If you link to other websites, please review the privacy policies posted at those websites. We cannot be held responsible for other websites, no matter if they were arrived at by way of a link from this website or not.
OUR STORE / ONLINE PURCHASESOur online store and all online purchases through our website are serviced by a third party, Shopify Inc. In the process of using our online store and making purchases through our website some of your data and information will be collected by Shopify Inc. and as such you should review Shopify Inc.’s Terms of Service which can be found at www.shopify.com/legal/terms and their Privacy Statement which can be found at www.shopify.com/legal/privacy. Purchases made through our website and our online store are subject to Shopify Inc.’s Terms of Service and we will not be held responsible for the privacy practices of Shopify Inc. or any other third party service used in connection with our website.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATIONWe collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. The information you provide is used to fulfill your specific request. This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our mailing lists.
COOKIE/TRACKING TECHNOLOGYThis website may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to this website, and understanding how visitors use this website. Cookies can also help customize this website for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
DISTRIBUTION OF INFORMATIONWe may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or other investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to anyone for marketing purposes.
COMMITMENT TO DATA SECURITYYour personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings.
PRIVACY CONTACT INFORMATIONIf you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us.
We reserve the right to make changes to this privacy policy from time to time and it is your responsibility to review the same each time you visit this website.
Facebook
Twitter
Email