http://www.writersunion.ca/content/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
The Writers' Union of Canada
The national organization of professionally published writers.
User login
Member Login
Username *
Password *
Forgot your password?
x
Not a Member?
Committed to advocacy and community, The Writers' Union of Canada provides services, programs, and support for Canadian writers.
Join Today
Member Login Block
Member Login
Join Today
Top Right Menu
Home     Contact Us      Search
Main menu
AboutNational Council & StaffCurrent and Past Chairs
Equity Policy
Accessibility
Advocacy
SupportLegacy Circle & Planned Giving
JoinWhy Join?
Join Now
Member Directory
ProgramsPublic ReadingsNational Public Readings Program
National Public Readings Northern Program
Virtual Event Tips
Hosting a Successful Reading
School VisitsOntario Writers-in-the-Schools
Northern Ontario Writers-in-the-Schools
Participating Authors
Virtual School Presentation Tips
Hosting a Successful School Visit
Professional DevelopmentAnnual Conference & AGM
BIPOC Writers Connect
Webinars
Manuscript Evaluation Service
Ghostwriting
Filing a grievance (Members Only)
ResourcesGetting PublishedFinding a Publisher
Multiple Submissions
Submitting to Magazines & Journals
Literary Agents
Contracts
Copyright
FAQ - Getting Published
Writers' How-to Series
Write magazine
Links for Writers
Reports for Writers
AwardsDanuta Gleed Literary Award
Short Prose Competition
Freedom To Read Award
Graeme Gibson Award
News & EventsMember AnnouncementsVirtual Events
Supporters
Privacy Policy
Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA)
Protects personal information from improper use and disclosure.
Gives the right to individuals to request information about themselves.
Gives the right to individuals to request corrections or additions to their personal information if they feel there are inaccuracies.
TWUC follows guidelines of PIPEDA where relevant. Most of its activities are non-commercial and therefore outside the scope of this law. PIPEDA applies to the sale of material and services.
For more information, visit the government of Canada’s Privacy Commission’s website: www.privcom.gc.ca
A Definition of Personal Information:
Personal information is any information that can be used to distinguish, identify or contact a specific individual.
Exceptions: business contact information and certain publicly available information, such as that published in telephone directories, are not considered personal information.
Privacy Protection Commitment:
The Writers’ Union of Canada (TWUC) is committed to protecting the privacy of members, donors, staff and other stakeholders in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act and Protection of Privacy Act.
What personal information is collected?
1. Dues, Sales, Services and Donation transactions: TWUC may collect personal information such as e-mail addresses, home fax numbers, and credit card information from individuals paying dues, purchasing publications or other services, or making donations.
2. Members: Personal contact information as well as biographical and bibliographical information for members may be offered by such individuals and will be maintained in a database by TWUC staff and/or in the Union’s files. Correspondence of a confidential nature from members to the Union may be maintained in a paper or electronic filing system by TWUC staff. Copies of contracts and other information related to dealings with publishers and/or other individuals/businesses intended to be confidential are also maintained by the Union in a paper or electronic filing system.
3. Website: Composite tallies of website page views, such terms, and other traffic information useful for improving the design and content of our site. This composite information does not identify individual users. The TWUC website does not use “cookies”.
Why is it collected, and what is it used for?
1. Dues, Sales, Services and Donation transactions: This information may be collected by TWUC staff to: process dues payments; fulfill sales orders for publications or other services; registration for professional development programs and/or annual meeting; to provide a tax receipt, thank you correspondence, invoice, receipt or other correspondence related to a purchase, donation or dues payment; or to send renewal notices.
2. Members: Information regarding members is collected to provide correspondence, newsletter and other information regarding the business of the Union. Biographical and bibliographical information provided by members, unless otherwise indicated by the member, is not considered to be confidential information and may be used for such purposes such as members’ webpages or promotion for readings. Copies of members’ contracts and related correspondence is collected to allow the Union to assist the individual member with a grievance or other query and to allow the Union to effectively undertake its efforts on behalf of other members.
3. Website: No personal information is collected about general website visitors.
How is it collected?
1. Dues, Sales, Services and Donation transactions: The information may be collected through various forms available to writers and other individuals from the Union office. This information may also be taken over the phone as requested by the individual. [We strongly caution you not to provide personal information, including credit card information, by e-mail. Electronic correspondence is not secure.]
2. Members: Some information may be collected through various forms available to writers. Other information including correspondence and/or contracts is collected by fax, mail, phone, or e-mail by TWUC staff.
3. Website: No personal information is collected about general website visitors.
Where is it kept and who has access?
All contact information for members, donors and other individuals is tracked in a centralized database maintained by TWUC staff. This includes, if provided, personal contact information. The database does not include credit card information.
Original forms and documents (which may include VISA numbers as provided by an individual), and photocopies of cheques are kept in the Union’s files on site. Other forms (which do not include VISA numbers) are kept in the Union’s files on site, at the Union’s off site storage unit, and/or at McMaster University. (Portions of the Union’s files are sold to McMaster University’s archives for future research purposes.)
Correspondence from/to members and copies of contracts and other relevant correspondence are maintained in the Union’s files on site, at the Union’s off site storage unit, and/or at McMaster University.
What security measures are used?
TWUC’s offices are locked and secured by an alarm system and evening patrols.
TWUC’s offsite storage is locked and secured.
TWUC’s files at McMaster are accessible by researchers except for Grievance Committee, Membership Committee, and individual members’ files, which are embargoed for a minimum of 25 years (unless permission is obtained from the Union and McMaster).
The centralized database is accessible by TWUC staff.
To whom is it disclosed?
TWUC does not disclose personal information to any third parties except during a payment transaction when financial information is disclosed to relevant financial and credit institutions in order to process the payment or to a third-party mailer from time to time to facilitate large mailings to members and other stakeholders.
TWUC does not sell, trade or rent personal information to other organizations or individuals, TWUC does not use personal information outside of the purpose for which it is intended.
When is it disposed of?
Financial records from sales transactions are kept on file for a period of seven years as per the Canada Revenue Agency, and then are destroyed by shredding.
Correspondence from/to members and copies of contracts and other relevant correspondence are maintained in the Union’s files on site, at the Union’s off site storage unit, and/or at McMaster University.
TWUC’s files, which have been sold to McMaster, remain the property of McMaster unless they are transferred or donated to a category “A” institution as defined by the Cultural Property Export and Import Review Board or transferred/donated with the permission of the Union.
Any questions or complaints can be directed to:TWUC Privacy OfficerJohn Degen, Executive Director600-460 Richmond St. W.Toronto, ON  M5V 1Y1Tel: 416.703.8982 x 221Fax: 416.504.9090Email: jdegen@writersunion.ca
Footer menu
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
FOLLOW US:
We acknowledge the support of the Canada Council for the Arts and the Ontario Arts Council, and agency of the government of Ontario. We also acknowledge, with immense thanks, the generous donation of legal services by Blake, Cassels & Graydon LLP.
The Writers’ Union of Canada does not endorse or recommend any commercial products, processes, or services.
Copyright © 2020 The Writers' Union of Canada Charitable Number: 105261341RR0001