http://www.cnyarts.com/privacy-policy/
LOADING ..
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting CNY Arts website. Please review our Terms of Use and Privacy Statement.CNY Arts does not discriminate on the basis of race, creed, color, national origin, sexual orientation, sex, disability, or any other protected class.  Privacy PolicyCNY Arts respects and takes every precaution to protect your information. CNY Arts will never sell, trade or rent your personal information to other individuals or companies. CNY Arts collects personal information, such as your name, address, telephone number, and email address for purposes including but not limited to signing up to receive emails,  completing registrations in our directory, and for the collection of donations. If you are an artists or arts and cultural organization, we may share contact information with Funding Organizations affiliated with CNY Arts.  Be aware that if you submit a profile to our directory, your email and contact information may be visible to the public unless you choose not to have that information public. CNY Arts uses third-party vendors to facilitate the collections of donations made to CNY Arts and for sending out e-mail newsletters and periodic reminders highlighting news and information regarding CNY Arts. We adhere to the privacy policies of these third-party vendors. If you do not want the third party to communicate with you or share your information, please contact us.If you no longer wish to receive our e-mail newsletter or other information from CNY Arts, at any time you can click the unsubscribe link in any of the e-mail updates.Our web server automatically gathers statistical information for analysis to determine usage patterns of our website. These statistical reports do not contain any personal information on visitors to the site and are used for internal informational purposes only. We include links to websites of other arts and cultural organizations and CNY Arts partners. Please be aware that CNY Arts is not responsible for the privacy policies of other sites nor we do not endorse the contents of those sites. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any website you access through a link on our site. Your use of such linked sites is subject to the terms and conditions and privacy policies of the providers of those sites.CNY Arts reserves the right to modify this privacy statement at any time and will post changes on this web page.By receiving a grant from CNY Arts, participating in a CNY Arts event i.e. award grant ceremony, or attending a CNY Arts workshop, technical assistance or other related programs of CNY Arts, you give CNY Arts explicit permission to use your photo for marketing and promotions on CNY Arts websites, communications including newsletters or other outreach and marketing collaborative.If you do not agree with any of these terms, please do not use this website, submit any personal information or use the services of CNY Arts.Policy on CNY Arts Directory and CNYarts.org SubmissionsArts and Cultural Organizations, artists and other users (“Users”) of this website and the GotoCNYarts.org events calendar may submit information of community interest, comments and opinions (“User Submissions”) for posting on this website. Users are solely responsible for their own User Submissions and the consequences of posting them. Users represent and warrant that they own or have the necessary rights to use, and authorize CNY Arts to use, all proprietary rights in all User Submissions to enable use of the User Submissions in the manner contemplated by this website.Although Users retain all of their ownership rights in their User Submissions, by submitting User Submissions to CNY Arts, Users grant CNY Arts a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, sublicensable and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute and display the User Submissions in connection with this website and CNY Arts activities.Please note that the users of this web site are responsible for checking the accuracy, completeness, currency and/or suitability of all information. CNY Arts makes no representations, guarantees, or warranties as to the specific accuracy, completeness, currency, or suitability of the information provided via this web site.CNY Arts does not endorse any User Submission or any opinion, recommendation or advice expressed therein, and CNY Arts expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with User Submissions. CNY Arts reserves all rights to deny and/or terminate registration without prior notice, which decision shall rest in its sole and absolute discretion and may be based upon factors including, but not limited to, the registrant’s posting of illegal or inappropriate content.  Individuals or entities whose registrations are denied or terminated may contact CNY Arts to discuss that decision.  CNY Arts is not responsible for the acts or omissions of any registrant.  CNY Arts is also not responsible for the content of any information posted on this website by a registrant, and CNY Arts reserves the right to remove or edit any content for any reason.CNY Arts reserves the right to edit submissions for grammar, style, and objectionable content and for any reason it deems necessary. The responsibility for content rests with the artists and organizations that provide the information listed in our Directory. The inclusion of links from our site does not imply endorsement by CNY Arts. Specific questions regarding information provided by artists or organizations should be directed to that artist or organization and not necessarily to CNY Arts.If you have any questions about our policies and procedures regarding personal information, please contact us or by mail at:CNY Arts, Inc.John H. Mulroy Civic Center421 Montgomery St., 11th Flr. Syracuse, NY 13202