https://www.difc.ie/website-terms-of-use/
1. Website Operator
This website is operated by the Dublin International Foundation College (“DIFC”).
2. Licence
2.1 DIFC lets you use this website on the following basis. This use is not exclusive to you.
2.2 DIFC may stop your use or the provision of the website at any time and does not have to tell you before then.
2.3 DIFC reserves the rights to change these terms and conditions at any time by posting changes online. Your continued use of this site after changes are posted constitutes your acceptance of this agreement as modified.
2.4 You agree to use this site only for lawful purposes, and in a manner which does not infringe the rights, or restrict, or inhibit the use and enjoyment of the site by any third party.
3. Materials in Site
3.1 This website contains material which DIFC owns or is allowed to use. This material includes, amongst other things, its design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. It is protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws.
3.2 You may view, use, download and store the material on this website for personal and research use only but not for any commercial use. You may not distribute, publish, or otherwise make available the material on this website to third parties without asking DIFC first or it may be a criminal offence and lead to legal action for damages.
3.3 Documents may be copied for personal use only on the condition that copyright and source indications are also copied, no modifications are made and the document is copied entirely. However, some documents and photos have been published on this site with the permission of the relevant copyright owners (who are not DIFC). All rights are reserved on these documents and permission to copy them must be requested from the copyright owners (the sources are indicated within these documents/photographs).
4. Accuracy of Information
4.1 The information in this website is for general information/interest only and may change without prior notice. DIFC has tried to ensure the material is accurate but does not guarantee this. DIFC does not accept responsibility for errors. Clause 6.3 is the exception to this.
4.2 The information in this website should not be relied on and is not to be taken as advice or recommendation. By using this website you confirm that you have not relied on any such information. If you choose to make any arrangements with any third party referred to on this website you do so at your own risk and responsibility.
4.3 The information made available by DIFC on this website does not form part of any contract and should not be seen as an offer to do so.
5. Linking
5.1 This website may contain links to other websites. DIFC accepts no responsibility or liability for the content of other websites which are not under its strict control. Link(s) are not intended to be a recommendation of any kind by DIFC of another website, and should not be seen as such.
5.2 You may not create a link to this website from another website or document without first asking DIFC.
6. Liability
6.1 DIFC does not guarantee that this website will be compatible with all hardware and software which you may use when trying to visit this site.
6.2 Except for under clause 6.3, DIFC will be under no liability to you whatsoever regardless of how it is caused arising out of or in connection with the use of this website or the use, accessing, downloading or relying on any information or other materials contained in this website. This includes the risks of working online (i.e. any damage caused by any computer virus).
6.3 These terms and conditions do not exclude DIFC’s liability (if any) to you for personal injury or death resulting from DIFC’s negligence, for fraud or for any matter which it would be illegal for DIFC to exclude or to attempt to exclude its liability. Otherwise they do exclude any actions brought in negligence or otherwise.
7. Privacy
7.1 DIFC is registered under the terms of the 1988 Data Protection Act, and we are committed to protecting your privacy. Personal information entered online will be held securely, and will not be used for any other purposes other than those for which you have given us permission.
7.2 In disclosing your personal information you agree to the collection, storage and processing of your personal information by us. Your personal information will be used for internal administration/analysis, or to inform you about school events that we think will interest you.
7.3 DIFC will never pass your personal information on to third parties without your explicit consent.
8. Complete Agreement
These terms and conditions contain all the terms which you and DIFC have agreed in relation to the use of the website.
9. Jurisdiction and acceptance of these terms and conditions
9.1 This website is controlled and operated by DIFC from its offices in England (see clause 1). Any dispute relating to any of the materials contained in this website shall be governed by English law. This includes the construction, performance, validity of these terms and any question about any of the content of this website.
9.2 The English and Welsh courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes about these terms or use of the website.
9.3 Your continued use of this website indicates your acceptance of these terms.
Want to Enquire?
Contact Us
Email Us
WhatsApp
Quicklinks
Study Abroad
Find A Course
About Us
How To Apply
Our Locations
News
Stay in the Loop
Legal Terms Of Use
College Policies
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Copyright All Rights Reserved © 2018
Start typing and press Enter to search
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkNo