http://www.scottishopera.org.uk/terms-conditions/
Skip to main navigation
Skip to main content
Skip to bottom nav
Terms and Conditions of Use
This web-site (“the Site”) is operated by or on behalf of Scottish Opera. Your use of the Site is regulated by these Terms and Conditions (“the Terms”) and, by browsing the Site, you are demonstrating that you accept the Terms and agree to be bound by them. If you do not accept the Terms either in whole or in part, you should stop using the Site immediately.
1. Intellectual PropertyThe content of this Site (except where otherwise stated) is copyright © Scottish Opera. This includes the text and graphics used, contained or displayed on the Site and any material which is available to download from the Site. You may print or download the content of this Site for your own personal, non-commercial use only but any such downloads should acknowledge that the material is copyright © Scottish Opera.
The distribution or copying of the content of the Site (or any part of it) for any commercial purpose whatsoever is expressly prohibited other than with the prior written consent of Scottish Opera. A written licence for commercial distribution or copying may be obtained on request on such terms and at such costs as we may determine.
Any trade mark, service mark or other intellectual property contained in or relating to this Site is the property of Scottish Opera, unless otherwise stated. The use of such trade marks, service marks or other intellectual property without Scottish Opera’s permission is strictly forbidden.
2. ExclusionsWe shall not be liable to you (whether directly or indirectly and whether as a result of negligence or otherwise) in respect of any losses or damage which you may incur as a result of your use of the Site, its content or any material which is available to download from the Site.
We have taken, and will continue to take, reasonable steps to ensure that the Site and all information which is published on the Site is accurate and virus-free. We cannot however guarantee (and make no representations whatsoever):
that material, information or data obtained from or through this Site is complete, accurate or not an infringement of any party’s intellectual or other property rights; or
that material, information and data submitted via this Site will be fully secure; or
that material, information and data obtained from or through this Site will meet your requirements; or
that your access to or use of this Site will be uninterrupted, timely or error-free; or
that the Site, its content and/or any material which is available to download from the Site is free of viruses, bugs or Trojans.
The information on the Site is published “as is” for general informational purposes only and Scottish Opera expressly disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, as to the accuracy of any of the content provided on the Site, its security, its quality or as to the fitness of the information for any purpose whatsoever.
Scottish Opera recommends that you employ your own virus detection and protection measures when accessing the Site.
3. HyperlinksThis Site may contain hyperlinks to websites operated by other parties. These links are suggested for information only and our inclusion of hyperlinks to such websites does not imply any endorsement of views, statements or information contained in such websites. You should exercise care when visiting any external sites linked from this Site and remember such external sites will have their own terms and conditions. No liability is accepted for any information contained on any external site. If you consider that the content of any external site linked from this Site is illegal, immoral or offensive please advise us by sending an e-mail to information@scottishopera.org.uk.
You may only link to this Site where we have given our express written permission to such linking.
4. Alteration of Terms and Conditions Scottish Opera reserves the right to update or modify these Terms in which case any such changes will be effective from the date of posting on the Site. Your continued use of the Site indicates your acceptance of any changes which we may make to the Terms.
5. Complaints If you have any cause for complaint about this Site please contact us at Scottish Opera, 39 Elmbank Crescent, Glasgow G2 4PT.
6. Use of Information Where you submit information to Scottish Opera through the Site, we shall (except where the information constitutes personal data) be entitled to use that information for any purpose which we consider appropriate. Any personal data which we collect about you through the Site will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Statement.
7. AnalysisScottish Opera uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how users use the site.  The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and story by Google on servers in the United States.   Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operations and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf.  Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refust eh use of cooking by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
8. GeneralThese Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of Scotland, and each of the parties submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Scotland.
Legal Information
Scottish Opera: Registered in Scotland No SC037531Registered Charity No SC019787Registered Office: Scottish Opera, 39 Elmbank Crescent, Glasgow G2 4PT
We use cookies to enhance your experience on our website. You can find out more about how we use cookies and how you can disable them in our privacy statement.
Accept & Close