http://www.joyofmotion.org/policies/
Policies
OUR COMMITMENT TO YOU
We are committed to cultivating a diverse community of dance students, educators, artists, and audiences in the DC metropolitan area by providing creative experiences that open doors for all ages and abilities. Because we believe that dance is a powerful vehicle for lifelong learning, well-being, transformation, and progress at Joy of Motion, we will:
Challenge you to realize your fullest potential.
Believe that you have the capacity to achieve artistic and personal excellence.
Foster authentic relationships and connections to make you feel like you are at home in our studios, whether we’re online or in-person.
Invite and value your participation and engagement through a lens of justice.
Meet you where you are, respect your contributions, and view our differences as opportunities for artistic innovation.
Uphold the principle that “Dance Is For Everyone” and create space for all to participate.
Pursue the highest standards of quality at all levels of dance education and performance.
We pledge to become more anti-racist and to build a dance community that is truly for everyone by committing to:
Challenge incidents of racist and/or discriminatory behavior and support others who are challenging racist behavior.
Examine our own actions and biases and to seek with humility to correct our own actions that are racist or discriminatory.
Listen to those who have a different race, heritage, culture, and experience from our own with an open heart and open mind, and to learn from you what words, actions, practices, policies, or structures you experience as racist.
Incorporate the history of the dance forms that we teach through a multicultural lens; to celebrate the triumphs, grieve the tragedies, and learn from the mistakes of the past.
Recognize, challenge, and actively dismantle the inequities that have led to Black, Indigenous, and People of Color (BIPOC) being vastly underrepresented in the dance space; and invite, celebrate, and support our BIPOC community in our classes.
Honor and embrace diversity and to stand against racism wherever it appears.
Before registering for a class, please review our General Policies, Programming Policies Makeup Policies, and Payment, Cancellation and Refund Policies, listed below.
Policies:
Adult Programming Guidelines
Joy of Motion defines adult students as individuals over the age of 18 who have completed high school.
Drop-In Classes:
Students under the age of 18 must obtain permission in advance, at the discretion of the Studio Manager and the instructor, before taking adult classes. Contact a Studio Manager for details.
Series Classes:
Students arriving more than 10 minutes after class has started will be allowed into class however student participation will be at the instructor’s discretion.
Youth Programming Guidelines
All youth classes are available by enrollment only.
Joy of Motion’s Fall 2020 session will be conducted fully online utilizing the Zoom video conference platform. No classes will happen in-person at Joy of Motion’s studios.
Joy of Motion is dedicated to being a safe place for all children, which we define as a space free of physical and emotional harm, including harassment, bullying, and abuse. In 2019, all staff and faculty are required to comply with our Code of Conduct, which is aimed at creating this environment for children, staff, and volunteers while nurturing creative freedom and self-expression for all.
Joy of Motion also requires that staff and faculty who regularly interact with youth students complete Darkness to Light’s Stewards of Children training (or a comparable module).
Youth students will be video conferencing with adult teaching artists hired by Joy of Motion. Minors must be supervised while participating in online dance instruction to minimize any potential unsupervised contact between students and instructors.
Note: Portions of our Code of Conduct are excerpted from the YMCA of the USA’s Child Abuse Prevention Code of Conduct, as recommended by Safe Shores: The DC Children’s Advocacy Center.
Series Classes | Ages 2-5:
Toddlers in Motion classes (age 2) must have a parent or guardian present who can participate in the class with them.
Series Classes | Grades 1-12:
Registration in Community Dance School classes Level 2 or higher may require teacher approval. If students are not performing at the level of the class, they may be moved to the appropriate level.
Terms & Conditions
Fall Session 1 & 2 will be conducted fully online utilizing the Zoom video conferencing platform. No classes will take place in-person at Joy of Motion’s studios.
By registering, online dancers commit to ensuring that their required contact information is correct at the time of their registration.
60-75 minutes prior to class start time (or five minutes after registration if dancers register within that window) online dancers will receive a unique zoom link via email to the email on file from no-reply@apiant.com. Online dancers are strongly encouraged to add that address to their inbox and whitelist the address to ensure that they receive their class links.
By registering, online dancers accept responsibility for ensuring that they receive this unique link. This agreement and/or any receipt that includes the text of this agreement is not inclusive of the zoom class link.
As an online student of Joy of Motion Dance Center, I am aware that I (or my child) am engaging in virtual dance instruction at my own risk. I agree that I will not hold the studio, the organization, its staff, or the instructors liable for any injuries sustained during the virtual dance instruction. If I (or my child) have any particular injuries or concerns, I (or my child) will exercise caution in all movements and ask my (or my child’s) instructor for appropriate modifications as applicable.
As an online student of Joy of Motion Dance Center, I understand and will comply with the system requirements laid out by Zoom to ensure that my class experience is as seamless as possible and that Joy of Motion is not responsible for any insufficient bandwidth or unsupported hardware, operating systems, or browsers.
I understand that as an online dancer, I (or my child) am not permitted to screenshot, illegally share, or record virtual instruction without the express permission from Joy of Motion administrative staff and the instructor.
Liability Waiver
As a prospective online student of Joy of Motion Dance Center, I am aware that I (or my child) am engaging in virtual dance instruction at my own risk. I agree that I will not hold the studio, the organization and its staff, or the instructors liable for any injuries sustained during the virtual dance instruction. If I (or my child) have any particular injuries or concerns, I (or my child) will exercise caution in all movements.
As the parent/guardian of the youth student, a minor requesting virtual instruction from Joy of Motion Dance Center, I understand that my student will be video conferencing with an adult instructor utilizing the Zoom video conferencing platform.
Joy of Motion Dance Center conducts background checks for all of its instructors and diligently seeks to minimize the instances of unsupervised contact with minors in accordance with its policies.
As an online student of Joy of Motion Dance Center, I understand and will comply with the system requirements laid out by Zoom to ensure that my class experience is as seamless as possible and that Joy of Motion is not responsible for any insufficient bandwidth or unsupported hardware, operating systems, or browsers.
I understand that as an online dancer, I (or my child) am not permitted to screenshot, illegally share, or record virtual instruction without the express permission from Joy of Motion administrative staff and the instructor.
Make-up Class Policy
Make-up classes are not currently offered.
Purchase Policy
All payments are contactless and must be made online at joyofmotion.org or through the MindBody app (drop ins only). We accept debit and Visa, Mastercard or American Express credit cards. We, unfortunately, do not accept bank transfers.
ALL SALES ARE FINAL. Payment plans are available for series classes, full payment must be received prior to the final class of a session.
Cancellation Policy
Series Classes:
If you are not satisfied with your participation prior to the start of the session or after the first lesson, studio staff will do our best to place you in a more appropriate class. If they are unable to do so, the value of the class will be credited to your account for future use.
Drop-In Classes:
Drop in class cancellations must be made prior to the close of class registration, which is 15 minutes prior to the start of class.
Return/Refund/Credit Policy
ALL SALES ARE FINAL. Joy of Motion Dance Center may choose to honor requests for account credits in extraordinary circumstances, particularly those relating to injuries or medical emergencies. Any request must be made in writing to info@joyofmotion.org no later than one week after the missed class. I understand that any request must include documentation, such as a doctor’s note or medical record.
These requests are honored at the management’s discretion. In the extraordinary and rare circumstance in which Joy of Motion staff and management approve an account credit or refund, a prorated amount for the services not yet rendered less a $25.00 administrative processing fee per class 12-16 weeks after approval.
Account credits cannot be converted to refunds after they have been processed.
Archival Recordings Policy
To keep our community safe, our classes are recorded in the cloud for archival purposes. These recordings are ONLY used for archival purposes unless express, written consent is obtained from all individuals in the class.
Recordings are not available to students, teaching artists, or Joy of Motion staff for review, marketing, or promotions without express, written consent from all participants (teaching artists, students, & moderators/monitors).
Privacy & Online Security Policy (Classes)
Online dancers are not permitted to screenshot, record, or illegally share virtual instruction without express permission from both Joy of Motion staff and the teaching artist.
To ensure privacy and security, a Joy of Motion administrative staff member may be present during the entirety of the virtual instruction. These staff members may not be participating in any way, but simply observing and monitoring to ensure best practices are being kept and that online security is maintained to the best of our ability.
Joy of Motion makes every effort to maintain the operational security of online instruction and the privacy of our online students by utilizing every available security and privacy tool that Zoom offers.
Online dancers must familiarize themselves with Zoom’s Privacy Policy and agree to their terms and conditions in addition to those set forth by Joy of Motion.
Online Class & Social Media Interaction Guidelines
Violations of these community guidelines may result in a temporary or permanent block/ban from our online spaces.
Safety & Privacy
Joy of Motion is dedicated to being a safe place for all, which we define as a space free of physical and emotional harm, including harassment, bullying, and abuse. All staff and faculty are required to comply with our Code of Conduct, which is aimed at creating this environment for students, families, staff, and volunteers while nurturing creative freedom and self-expression for all.
Impersonation
Accounts that are established to impersonate another individual will be reported to the appropriate platform.
Bullying, Harassment, Discrimination, Trolling
We are committed to being a friendly and welcoming space for everyone both inside the studios and online. Bullying, harassing, attacking, or discriminating against individuals or groups of people will not be tolerated.
We do not support engagement that promotes or condones violence against individuals or groups based on race or ethnic origin, religion, disability, gender, age, nationality, sexual orientation, or gender identity, or content that incites hatred on the basis of these core characteristics.
“Trolling” is a big and messy term, but we know what trolls are and they aren’t tolerated here.
Threats
Things like predatory behavior, stalking, threats, harassment, intimidation, invading privacy, revealing other people’s personal information, and inciting others to commit violent acts or to violate the Community Guidelines are taken very seriously. If you engage in these types of activities, you will be reported to the social media platform and, depending on the severity of the threat, will be reported to the authorities.
Appropriate Content
Do not post content on Joy of Motion’s social media channels or as comments on the website if it fits any of the following:
Misleading content: Content that targets young minors and families, but contains:
Sexual themes
Violence
Obscenity or other mature themes not suitable for young audiences in spaces that minors may be exposed.
Cyberbullying, harassment, and trolling: Content that:
Targets individuals for the purposes of abuse or humiliation
Reveals personal information like email addresses or bank account numbers
Records someone without their consent
Sexually harasses
Encourages others to bully or harass
Sexualization of minors: Sexually explicit content featuring minors and content that sexually exploits minors. We are obligated to report content containing child sexual abuse imagery to local law enforcement agencies. These incidents can include, but are not limited to the following:
Initiating unsolicited contact with minors (for example, private messages between stranger adults and minors)
Soliciting, displaying, sharing, or viewing imagery of nude, sexualized, or sexual activity with minors
Arranging real-world sexual encounters or obtaining sexual material from a minor directly
Displaying nudity to minors
Harmful or dangerous acts involving minors: Content showing a minor participating in dangerous activities or encouraging minors to do dangerous activities. Never put minors in harmful situations that may lead to injury, including dangerous stunts, dares, or pranks.
Infliction of emotional distress on minors: Content that could cause minor participants or viewers emotional distress, including:
Exposing minors to mature themes
Simulating parental abuse
Coercing minors
Violence
Spam, Selling, Advertising
We have a zero-tolerance policy for spam. Messages that the staff believes to be spam and the users generating said messages may be temporarily or permanently banned from our social media platforms.
Direct sales, invitations to MLM events, advertising classes or services that are in direct competition to Joy of Motion’s, or any other unsolicited commercial messages are not allowed in the comments section on Joy of Motion’s website or social media. They will be removed ant the users generating said messages or posts may be temporarily or permanently blocked or banned from our website and/or social media platforms.
ADMINISTRATIVE STAFF
Main Mailing Address
1333 H Street NE
Washington, DC 20002
info@joyofmotion.org
202-813-9505 (call, text, fax)
Join our Mailing List
|
Policies
|
Rentals
|
Staff & Faculty Resources
© 2020 Joy of Motion Dance Center: a non-profit 501(c)3 organization.
Photo Credits: we work with a mix of professional photographers, staff members, and volunteers. Head over to our credits page to get a full list of photographers that we have worked with!
×