http://www.bard.org/privacy
The Professional Theatre at Southern Utah University
Skip to main content
Privacy
We Don't Sell or Share Your Personal Information
While using our site, you may choose to submit information through email or online forms. We will use this information to process your requests, but we will not intentionally sell, share, or distribute your personal information to third parties, except as required by law.
Statistical Logs Kept
The Festival uses analytic programs to collect data about visitor traffic to our site, but we do not attempt to personally identify visitors. Instead we collect data to analyze in aggregate, to determine trends, and to improve our sites. Types of data we collect include browser type; referring web page; and date, time, and duration of visit.
Safeguarding Your Information
Credit card data in our database conforms to the Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council (PCI SSC) Payment Application Data Security Standard (PA-DSS) v3.1 requirements from the credit card industry. That means we do not store data from credit card transactions such as Track II or CVV2/CID (the 3 or 4 digits on the back of the card). If stored, credit card numbers are securely encrypted and we ask that you never send a complete number to us in an email.PCI compliance means that our database and key internal applications have been tested for security by independent third party auditors and approved by the PCI council.
Retention
Data no longer required for our business purposes or legal requirements is destroyed.
Security Precautions You Should Take
Although we make every effort to secure our networks, the Festival cannot guarantee privacy of online communications. Always use discretion in providing information on the web. If you order tickets via our Ticket Order section, be sure to "lock up" when you leave by exiting the site and closing your browser. Otherwise, the next person to use the computer may see your information.
Alternate Ways to Submit Information
You have a choice about whether to provide personal information online. For other options, contact the Ticket office and learn how you can provide information by phone, mail, or in person.
Loading
×
×
Account
Log In
Sign up for our E-Newsletter
Thanks for signing up!
Sign up to get interesting news and updates delivered to your inbox. We ask your birthday to verify that you are at least 13 years old.
Email Address
First Name
Last Name
Birth Date
/
/
Sign Up
By submitting this form, you are granting Utah Shakespeare Festival, 351 West Center Street, Cedar City, Utah, 84720, United States,
permission to email you. You may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email.
(See our Email Privacy Policy for details.) Emails are serviced by Constant Contact.