http://www.hetzlersmusic.com/termsofuse.html
Terms of UseGeneralTo assist you in using www.hetzlersmusic.com and www.hetzlersfakebook.com (referred to as my sites) and to provide you with a clear understanding of the relationship arising from your use of my sites, I have created a Privacy Policy and a set of terms and conditions of use. The Privacy Policy explains how I protect and treat contact and other information you provide to me through my sites. The Terms and Conditions of Use govern your use of my sites. Please read my Privacy Policy and my Terms and Conditions of Use carefully - they impose legal obligations on you. By using or accessing my sites, you are acknowledging that you have read and understood these terms and agree to be legally bound by them.www.hetzlersmusic.com and www.hetzlersfakebook.com are created, owned and controlled by Edward Hetzler doing business in Massachusetts as Hetzler's Music. Services are provided to persons using these sites (referred to as you and your) subject to the following terms and conditions. You may not use these sites unless you agree to accept these terms and conditions of use.Use of this SiteYou may browse these sites for information. You may download posted files for personal use. You may purchase products and services I offer for sale. You may not distribute, modify, transmit, revise, change, reproduce, hire, duplicate, copy, sell, resell, or otherwise make these sites or any portion of these sites available for any commercial purpose without prior written permission from Edward Hetzler.Hetzler's Music reserves the right to refuse to provide its services without explanation and without limitation, if I believe that User conduct violates applicable law or is harmful to the interests of Hetzler's Music. Transmitting or posting communications or material that is unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic or profane is prohibited.CopyrightAll original creative content included on www.hetzlersmusic.com and www.hetzlersfakebook.com such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images and music, is the property of Hetzler's Music and is protected by U.S and International copyright laws. The collection, arrangement, and assembly of all content on www.hetzlersmusic.com and www.hetzlersfakebook.com is the exclusive property of Hetzler's Music and is protected by U.S. and International copyright laws. All software used on www.hetzlersmusic.com and www.hetzlersfakebook.com is the property of Hetzler's Music or the software suppliers and is protected by U.S. and International copyright laws. The content and software on this site may be used only in connection with the services of Hetzler's Music. Any other use, including, but not limited to, reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display, or performance of the content on this site is prohibited.Trade MarksAll Trademarks referred to on www.hetzlersmusic.com and www.hetzlersfakebook.com are the property of their respective owners.DisclaimerThese web sites, www.hetzlersmusic.com and www.hetzlersfakebook.com, are provided on an "As Is" basis. Hetzler's Music disclaims all representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, including without limitation, as to the operation of the site or the information, content, materials, products or services included on this site.Applicable LawHetzler's Music (www.hetzlersmusic.com and www.hetzlersfakebook.com) is created and controlled in the United States of America. The laws of the United States of America will govern these disclaimers, terms, and conditions, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. You agree to submit to the laws of the United States of America and the exclusive jurisdiction of the Massachusetts courts for all matters arising in relation to this site.I reserve the right to make changes to my sites and these disclaimers, terms, and conditions (including the Legal Notice) at any time by posting an updated version, with immediate effect from such posting.MiscellaneousI may suspend these services at any time without notice. I may disable or block any links to content without notice. No delay or failure by me in enforcing any legal right shall constitute a waiver of such or restrict me in the future from asserting any such right. I may assign any and all of my rights and/or obligations without limitation and without notice.Legal Notice Notification ProceduresThe procedures for notifying me of a claim of infringement of your rights are set out below. These procedures are designed to allow me to assist right holders, users of my sites and me in preventing false or misleading notifications, incorrect or inappropriate claims. Failure to follow these procedures may result in my not being able to process your claim expeditiously or at all.1. Notices must be in writingI must receive the notice alleging infringement ("Notice") in writing. I will not respond to any Notice given by verbal, telephonic or any other means.2. Contents of NoticesEach Notice must include at least the following information:Identification of any relevant material (including any copyrighted work) or right which you claim has been infringed and your legal entitlement to assert such claim, or, where multiple materials/works are to be included in the same Notice, a representative list of such Identification of any link to any such material (including any copyrighted work) or right that is sufficient to allow us to locate such and (to the extent we reasonably can do so) disable the link or otherwise block access to such material Your full legal name and contact details including your full postal/mailing address and, if available, your telephone number, facsimile number and e-mail address 3. Notices must be under oathEach Notice must be in the form of a statutory declaration under U.S. law swearing that the contents of the Notice are truthful and accurate; that you are the appropriate right holder to make the claim asserted or are duly authorized on behalf of such person to do so.4. Notices must be physically signedEach Notice must bear the hand-written signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the right(s) allegedly infringed.5. Delivery of NoticesEach Notice must be furnished via the U.S. Postal Service to: Edward Hetzler, 30 Causeway Street Hudson, MA 01749  USACopyright © 2002-2020 C. Edward Hetzler All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy StatementThis page was last updated: January 8, 2020Hetzler's MusicHetzler's Music30 Causeway Street, Hudson, MA