https://www.paintworksmag.com/privacy/
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Please read our Privacy Policy carefully. We may change or update this Privacy Policy periodically. You can view the most current version of the Privacy Policy at any time by clicking on the hyperlink labeled “Privacy” located on each page of this Website.
Collecting information
Q: When do you collect information?
A: We collect information from you when enter information on our site.
Q: How do you use my information?
A: We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website.
Limits of Confidentiality
For legal reasons, Paintworksmag.com may be required under certain circumstances to disclose your personal information. Reasons for this may include:
1. To comply with any legal process served on us. In addition, we reserve the right to disclose your personal information, to third parties as we believe necessary or appropriate in connection with any investigation of piracy or any other unlawful or prohibited activity that might expose us to legal liability.
2. To protect and defend our rights or property.
Cookies
Paintworksmag.com uses cookies on this Websites to track orders you may make in purchasing products on our Website, to facilitate site-navigation and to customize the information that appears on Paintworksmag.com. Paintworksmag.com also may use cookies to collect non-personal information about users of the this Website, such as a user’s IP address, the type of web browser and operating system being used and/or the pages of the website a user visits.
PaintWorks team
Looking for something?
Get more stuff like this in your inbox
Subscribe to our mailing list and get interesting stuff and updates to your email inbox.
I consent to my submitted data being collected via this form*
Thank you for subscribing.
Something went wrong.
we respect your privacy and take protecting it seriously
Popular
Tags
Apple Maidens Recipe Box
Projects
4 comments
Mastering Mediums
Features
4 comments
Garden Delight Card Box
Projects
3 comments
Poppies Heart Box
Projects
3 comments
Swan Lake Bentwood Box
Projects
2 comments
acrylics
advice
box
candle
featured
flowers
heart
Heart Box
history
intermediate
key box
lessons
love
medium
oils
painting
paiting
paper
plate
tin
traditions
watercolor
wood
We are social:
Advertise
Privacy
Contact us
By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. More information OKThe cookie settings on this website are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best browsing experience possible. If you continue to use this website without changing your cookie settings or you click "Accept" below then you are consenting to this.Close