https://www.tmchoir.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment
The TMC is committed to protecting the privacy of its members, employees and other stakeholders. The TMC frequently gathers and uses information from donors, members, volunteers and others who are involved or interested in the Choir.
The TMC complies with and endeavours to exceed the legal requirements of Canada’s Federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act. We will do our best to ensure that we honour any limitations that you wish to place on the usage of your personal information.
Personal Information
Personal information is any information that can be used to distinguish, identify or contact a specific individual, such as your e-mail address, name, title, and address. Anyone from whom we collect such information can expect that it will be carefully protected and any use of this information is subject to the person’s consent.
Principles
The TMC recognizes that we are responsible for all personal information collected by us and under our control.
The TMC will identify and specify to the owner the purposes for which personal information is collected when or before it is collected.
The TMC will ensure that the consent of any individual is obtained for the collection, use, or disclosure of their personal information.
The TMC will ensure that personal information is protected by security safeguards.
Our members are given opportunities to choose how often and in what way they wish to hear from us and at any time they may opt out of receiving communications material from us.
The TMC does not currently sell nor has it in the past ever sold its membership lists to third parties.
Contact Regarding your Personal Information
The TMC will make every effort to respond to inquiries regarding our use, management and disclosure of personal information. If you have any questions, concerns or complaints relating to the TMC’s policy or practices with regard to the treatment or your personal information, please contact:
Executive Director
720 Bathurst Street
Suite 404
Toronto, ON M5S 2R4
(416) 598-0422 ext 222