https://www.soundrangers.com/privacy/
Privacy
Soundrangers is strongly committed to protecting your privacy, and providing a safe and secure online experience. In over 20 years of doing business online we have never allowed anyone to see customer information or violated a customer’s trust in anyway. We collect only what is necessary to complete a transaction and this information is never used for any other purpose and would never give, sell or trade your information with any other party. It’s very simple, all we do is create and sell royalty free sound effects and production music. We will never send you anything other than order receipts and, if you want, or occasional updates about new sound effects or music added to our library. We would never do anything to jeopardize our relationship with our customers. If you ever have a question or problem with anything Soundrangers, please let us know.
Controlling Your Personal Information
You may, at any time, change, correct, modify or delete any personal information that you may have provided by visiting the Customer Area. We only use the email address provided for order related correspondence. You can also subscribe or unsubscribe to any non-order related correspondence. If you subscribe the only email we send is a monthly, or less, “New Sound Alert”. This is an email that notifies user of new sound effects and music added to the site.
For your protection we do not store credit card information on our servers and your password is encrypted so we can’t even see what it is.
Cookies
It is not necessary to enable cookies in your browser to use this site, but it helps. We only use cookies to help keep track of your order as you move around the site. They do not contain any personal information and are not used for any other purpose.
External Links
Soundrangers is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of web sites linking to or from this site.
Questions
If you have any questions about our privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Soundrangers, please contact us.