https://www.harlowchorus.org.uk/cookie-and-privacy-policy.html
Skip to main content
Harlow Chorus
Welcome to Harlow Chorus. If you already have a account then please login, if not then why not register.
Home
About us
Music Team
Our Members
Our Repertoire
Concerts
Past Concerts & Reviews
Join us
Professional Vacancies
Support us
For hire
Music For Hire
Members pages
Notices
Concert Information Page
Rehearsal Guide
Harlow Chorus Committee
Library Team
Social Events
Tours
External Fund-Raising
Members Info (For Committee Members Use Only)
Gallery
Contact us
Harlow Singers
Cookies In Use on This Site
Cookies and how they Benefit You
Our website uses cookies, as almost all websites do, to help provide you with the best experience we can. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or mobile phone when you browse websites
Our cookies help us:
Make our website work as you'd expect
Save you having to login every time you visit the site
Improve the speed/security of the site
We do not use cookies to:
Collect any personally identifiable information (without your express permission)
Collect any sensitive information (without your express permission)
Pass data to advertising networks
Pass personally identifiable data to third parties
Pay sales commissions
You can learn more about all the cookies we use below
Granting us permission to use cookies
If the settings on your software that you are using to view this website (your browser) are adjusted to accept cookies we take this, and your continued use of our website, to mean that you are fine with this.
Should you wish to remove or not use cookies from our site you can learn how to do this below, however doing so will likely mean that our site will not work as you would expect.
More about our Cookies
Website Function Cookies
Our own cookies
We use Cookies to make our website work including determining if you are logged in or not :
PHPSESSID - a session cookie which expires after leaving the site
If you create an account on our website, or log in to an existing account, 2 session cookies called activuser and activdata will be placed on your computer and will remain in the cookie file of your browser until you close your browser.
There is no way to prevent these cookies being set other than to not use our site.
Third party functions
Our site, like most websites, includes functionality provided by third parties.
A common example is an embedded YouTube video.
Our site includes the following which use cookies:
YouTube - We embed videos from our official YouTube channel using YouTube’s privacy-enhanced mode. This mode may set cookies on your computer once you click on the YouTube video player, but YouTube will not store personally-identifiable cookie information for playbacks of embedded videos using the privacy-enhanced mode. To find out more please visit YouTube’s embedding videos information page
Google - We embed maps from Google which may place one or more cookies on your computer once you visit a page on our website with the embedded map. We have no control over those cookies, but you can find out about Google's privacy policy and approach to cookies at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Disabling these cookies will likely break the functions offered by these third parties
Turning Cookies Off
You can usually switch cookies off by adjusting your browser settings to stop it from accepting cookies (Learn how here).
Doing so however will likely limit the functionality of our's and a large proportion of the world's websites as cookies are a standard part of most modern websites
It may be that you concerns around cookies relate to so called "spyware".
Rather than switching off cookies in your browser you may find that anti-spyware software achieves the same objective by automatically deleting cookies considered to be invasive.
Learn more about managing cookies with antispyware software.
The cookie information text on this site was derived from content provided by Attacat Internet Marketing http://www.attacat.co.uk/, a marketing agency based in Edinburgh.
If you need similar information for your own website you can use their free cookie audit tool.
Privacy Policy
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; this policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.
Our website uses cookies.  We will ask you to consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy when you first visit our website. / By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
(1)      Credit
This document was created using an SEQ Legal template.
(2)      What information do we collect?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:
(a)      information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us (including e-mail address and post code)
(b)      information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website services, email notifications and/or newsletters
(c)      any other information that you choose to send to us
(3)      Cookies
Please refer to our Cookie Policy above
(4)      Using your personal information
Personal information submitted to us via this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website.
We may use your personal information to:
(a)      administer the website;(b)      send you general (non-marketing) communications(c)      send you email notifications which you have specifically requested;(d)      deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the website;(e)      keep the website secure and prevent fraud;
We will not without your express consent provide your personal information to any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing.
(5)     Disclosures
We may disclose information about you  insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes as set out in this privacy policy.
In addition, we may disclose your personal information:
(a)      to the extent that we are required to do so by law;(b)      in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;(c)      in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);
()      to any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information.
Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to third parties.
(6)     Security of your personal information
We will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
Of course, data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
(7)      Policy amendments
We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website.  You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes.
(8)      Your rights
You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you.  Provision of such information will be subject to:
(a)      the payment of a fee (currently fixed at £10.00); and(b)      the supply of appropriate evidence of your identity (for this purpose, we will usually accept a photocopy of your passport certified by a solicitor or bank plus an original copy of a utility bill showing your current address).
We may withhold such personal information to the extent permitted by law.
You may instruct us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes, by sending an email to us.  In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes.
(9)    Third party websites
The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites.
(10)    Updating information
Please let us know if the personal information which we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.
(11)    Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal information, please write to us by email to val@harlowchorus.org.uk or by post to Harlow Chorus, 7 Great Hyde Hall, Sawbridgeworth, Herts CM21 9JA
Copyright © 2020 Harlow Chorus. Registered Charity: 257201.
All Rights Reserved.
Site Map |  COOKIE & PRIVACY POLICY |  Terms of website Use |
Website Design by Activ Web Design Essex
Cookies in Use