http://www.mondaviarts.org/events/policies
Skip to main content
Policies
HomeVisit UsPolicies
We want to provide ticket buyers with the certainty that your investment in the Mondavi Center is one we take seriously. We have updated our exchange and refund policies for the 2020–21 season to ensure maximum flexibility, transparency and convenience.  Please visit our Frequently Asked Questions page for more information.
Ticket Sales & Support
Due to the suspension of campus activity, our ticket office windows are closed at this time. Email is currently our primary means of communication.
Online and Digital Event Support: 530.746.8094 | M-F 10am-6pm
General Information and Sales: 530.285.0992 | M-F 1pm-5pm
E-mail: tickets@ucdavis.edu
Mailing Address: Mondavi Center Ticket Office
One Shields Avenue - University of California, Davis, CA 95616-8543
Ticket Office Location: 523 Mrak Hall Dr, Davis, CA 95616
On the east side of the Mondavi Center (facing towards the Buehler Alumni/Visitors Center).
Ticket Policies
I can’t attend an event, what are my options?
It’s a shame when life gets in the way of great art, but we understand that plans change. We offer both ticket exchange and donation options within the same season up to 6 p.m. the business day before your event. Submit this ONLINE REQUEST FORM to exchange or donate tickets.
Exchanges into a higher-priced performance or seating area may result in a price difference and unfortunately, we’re not able to offer a refund for exchanging into a lower-priced event or seating area.
Mondavi Center subscribers enjoy flexible, no-fee ticket exchanges. Subscribers may also return tickets for an event credit to be used within the same season.
Single ticket holders (non-subscribers) may exchange tickets for a $5 per ticket exchange fee. Tickets may also be returned for a tax-deductible donation to the Mondavi Center. Ticket donations must be done in-person or by phone before the event start time.
Can I get a refund?
Tickets are nonrefundable, except in the case of a canceled event; all sales are final. Tickets for past or missed performances may not be exchanged or donated. Live performance is dynamic: all programs and prices are subject to change.
I have lost my tickets, what are my options?
The Mondavi Center Ticket Office will reissue tickets to the account holder. Contact the Ticket Office via phone: 530-754-2787 or email: tickets@ucdavis.edu to replace your tickets as soon as possible. The Mondavi Center does not replace tickets purchased through secondary markets.
What happens if an event is canceled?
If a performance is canceled, you will receive a full refund or a credit toward another Mondavi Center event. Refunds are granted only for canceled performances. Handling and convenience charges are non-refundable.
How do I become a subscriber?
Interested in becoming a subscriber and accessing valuable subscriber benefits? We have many packages to choose from based on your interests and budget. See our How To Subscribe page for more details.
House Policies
Arrive Early
We recommend that you arrive at least 30 minutes prior to event time to find parking, enjoy a beverage from our concessionaire, visit the gift shop and merchandise tables and find your seats. Events start promptly at the published time. If you arrive late, you and your party will be seated at an appropriate pause in the program or at intermission. For events without an intermission, you will be seated at an appropriate interval at the discretion of the house manager; in some situations, this can mean being given an alternate seat for the entirety of the event.
Getting Here
The Mondavi Center is conveniently located in UC Davis’ Gateway District on the south side of the main campus. From Highway 80 Take Exit #71 and proceed north on Old Davis Road.
Pick Up and Drop Off
A passenger loading zone is available in front of the Mondavi Center building on the west side of Mrak Hall Drive. Vehicles must circle Alumni Lane or proceed around the traffic circle at the end of Mrak Hall Lane to pull into the loading zone.
Parking
Event parking is $10 per vehicle and is managed by UC Davis Transportation and Parking Services. The main parking structure is located on Hilgard Lane, just south of the Mondavi Center building. Parking enforcement begins 90 minutes before event time. Parking fee is subject to change without notice. Detailed parking information can be found here.
Security
Our floor-based air-circulation system and fire code regulations require that we check all bags over 8.5” x 11”. The complimentary bag check is located at the north end of the Yocha Dehe Grand Lobby.  All bags may be subject to search. Thank you for your understanding and cooperation.
Eating and Drinking
There are concessions at each end of the main lobby floor selling beer, wine, spirits, water and a limited food menu. Bottled water is always allowed in the theatres. Details can be found in your EventMail.
Bringing Children to Events
All patrons must be ticketed, regardless of age. We strongly request that parents determine if their child can sit quietly for the duration of the performance. If you do find yourself with a restless young one, our Patron Services desk has coloring books, toys and other activities to keep them busy. The lobby has multiple monitors on which parents can watch the event.
Digital Devices
During performances, we encourage our audiences to fully engage with the work on stage. While you’re welcome to take pictures before the show, during events please silence and stow all your digital devices.
Accessibility
We offer special accommodations for our patrons with disabilities. For more information on accessibility, including seating, listening devices, sign language interpreting, Braille programs, service dogs and other accommodations. Detailed information on accessibility can be found here.
Donor's Consent
Donor’s Consent: The University is grateful for the support it receives from alumni and friends. One of the ways our thanks is expressed is through listing the names of donors in various publications. Please list your name on the order form. Should you wish that your name not appear as a donor, please write in the word "Anonymous" or call the Mondavi Center office at 530.754.5000.
Privacy Notice: The 1977 California Information Practices Act requires UC Davis to provide the following information to individuals asked to supply information about themselves: UC Davis is requesting this information to maintain accurate donor files in the Office of University Relations. Furnishing the information is strictly voluntary and it will be maintained confidentially. The information may be used by other university departments in the regular course of business but will not be disseminated to others except if required by law. You have the right to review your own data file. Inquiries should be forwarded to the Director of Advancement Services, University Relations, University of California, Davis, CA 95616.
It is the policy of the University of California, Davis, to utilize a portion of the gift principle and/or the short-term investment income on current gifts and grants to support the cost of raising and administering funds. The University of California does not discriminate in any of its policies, procedures, or practices. The University is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer.
Privacy Policy
The Mondavi Center collects information from patrons solely for the purpose of gaining necessary information to conduct business and serve our patrons efficiently. We sometimes share names and addresses with other not-for-profit organizations. If you do not wish to be included in our e-mail communications or postal mailings, or if you do not want us to share your name, please notify us via e-mail, U.S. mail, or telephone.
Quick Links
Directions
Seating
Upcoming Events