http://www.eriktheflutemaker.com/pages/privacy-policy
Search
Search
About Erik
Shop
Expand submenu Shop
Collapse submenu Shop
Whistles
Side Blown Flutes
End Blown Flutes
Saxophones
More from Erik
Specials
Erik's Music
Learn to play
Blog
Contact
Get in touch:
+1/954-424-6502
14701 SW 18th Court Davie, FL 33325
info@eriktheflutemaker.com
+Newsletter
We've sent you an email with a link to update your password.
Password Reset
Please enter below the email address you used to log in on our website. We will send you a link to create a new password.
Shopping Cart
Close Cart
About Us
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Shipping and Returns
FAQs
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Last updated on July 8th 2020.
This Privacy Policy (the “policy”) concerns customers and users of online services provided by Erik the Flutemaker Inc. (“company”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) and is intended to assist you in understanding what information is collected, used and shared when you visit, interact or make a purchase from our website https://eriktheflutemaker.com (the“Site”), whether you are a registered user or not, or in the context of any other contact you may have with us.
Your privacy is important to us. We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our policy or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at info@eriktheflutemaker.com or through our Contact Form here.
Erik the Flutemaker Inc. currently does not receive, nor has in the past, any money from third party companies in exchange for your personal information. Any information we share with others is to help provide you a quick and easy shopping experience and is not allowed to be shared with anyone else.
This policy is supplemental to any other information you may have been provided through our other Terms and Policies. The headings used in this agreement are included for convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect this Policy.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.
TABLE OF CONTENTS:
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
DO NOT TRACK
MINORS PERSONAL INFORMATION
STORAGE, ACCESSIBILITY AND TRANSFER
PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURITY
YOUR DATA RETENTION
YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS PRIVACY RIGHTS
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
CONTACT US
ACCEPTANCE
By visiting https://eriktheflutemaker.com, using its services or, otherwise by interacting with us and/or our Site, you acknowledge that you have read and understand this Privacy Policy and you agree that we may collect, use, store, transmit and disclose the personal data we collect through this Site and/or any other contact you may have with us, in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
If there are any terms in this Privacy Policy that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Site and our services, whether it is creating an account or making a purchase, contacting us or submitting personal data through this Site and/or any other contact form.
1. PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.
Device Information automatically collected:
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to this Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information), it is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Site, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information”.
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
“Cookies” which are data files placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org. You can also read our Cookie Policy here.
“Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
“Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
Order Information you disclose to us:
Additionally when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, either as a guest or registered member, contact us expressing an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and services, or opt-in for direct marketing email messages, we collect certain information, voluntarily provided to us by you. We refer to this information as “Order Information.”
The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and/or the Site, the choices you make and the products and features you use.
The personal information we collect can include the following:
Personal Details: We collect your first and last name, gender, country of origin, and other similar personal details allowed by applicable laws.
Contact Details: We collect your email address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact data.
Passwords: We collect passwords, password hints, and similar security information used for authentication and account access.
Payment Data: We collect data necessary to process your payment if you make a purchase, such as payment instrument (credit card, debit card, PayPal account) details and associated security code, passport number when required for tax. All payment data is stored and processed by Shopify Payments, which is our payment processor. For more information, you can read how Shopify handles your data in their Privacy Policy here.
By providing us with personal information you state that all of it is true, complete and accurate. It is your responsibility to notify us of any changes to such personal information.
If you provide us with personal information of third parties (e.g., your family members, other of our current or potential customers), you should make sure that they are informed of our policies and that they authorized the use of their data as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information collected from other sources:
We may collect limited information about you from other sources, such as social media profile information; public databases, joint marketing partners as well as from other third parties.
2. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We process and use the Order Information that we collect for legitimate business interests ("Business Purposes"), in order to enter into or perform a contract with you ("Contractual"), with your consent ("Consent"), and/or for compliance with our legal obligations ("Legal Reasons") depending on the specific circumstances in which you interact with us.
Your information may be used for:
Account Creation and Login Process (e.g. your name and email address): Give you the ability to create an account on our Site and/or Login to your existing account. If you choose to link your account with us to a third party account (such as your Google or Facebook account), we use the information you allowed us to collect from those third parties to facilitate your account creation and login process.
Order Fulfillment (e.g. your name, address and payment details): Manage, administer and process orders, payments, returns, and exchanges made through the Site.
Marketing and Promotional Communication (e.g. your email address, your name): Send you, directly or through our third party marketing partners, marketing offers such as newsletters and special discount codes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. You can unsubscribe from our marketing email list at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the emails that we send or by contacting us through our Contact Form here.
Contact and Feedback (e.g. your email address, your name, your phone number): Contact you directly in the event of any problem with the delivery of your purchase, to answer your queries or to inform you regarding any returns or warranty issues. Occasionally we may request feedback about your use of our Site.
Testimonials (e.g. your name, your message): We post testimonials on our Site that may contain personal information. Testimonials may include your message, name, location and date. We will not display your Last Name without prior consent from you. By sending us a testimonial, whether online, by email, by postal mail, or otherwise, you agree that we may display it on, but not limited to our Site, Social media profiles and printed materials, in part or full, without a prior written consent from you. If you wish to update, change or delete your testimonial, please contact us at info@eriktheflutemaker.com or through our Contact Form here and be sure to include your name, testimonial location, and contact information.
Terms, Conditions and Policies Enforcement: To make sure you are complying with our Terms and Conditions.
Site Protection, Legal Requests and Harm Prevention: As part of our efforts to keep our Site safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention). In case of a subpoena or other legal requests, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.
Data Analysis: Analyzing collected data, Identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Site, products, services, marketing and your experience.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
3. SHARING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We do not sell your information to third parties. We do, however, share data with third parties when necessary to fulfill orders, ship products, process credit and debit card payments, for administrative purposes, or when required by law, as described above.
Order Processing: We use Shopify to power our online store. You can read more on how Shopify uses your Personal Information in their Privacy Policy here.
Data Analysis: We use Google Analytics to help us understand our customers behavior. You can read more on how Google uses your Personal Information here. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here.
Invoice and Billing: We provide you with multiple billing options, one of them being PayPal. You can read more on how PayPal uses your Personal Information here.
Shipping and returns: Such third parties are not authorized to use personal data for any purpose other than to provide the contracted services on our behalf.
Policy Violations: We may disclose your Personal Information in order to investigate, prevent or take action against potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Legal Obligations: We may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a court order or a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
4. DO NOT TRACK
Current web browsers and select mobile operating systems and applications include a Do Not Track feature that, when activated, signals your preference to not have your online browsing activities monitored and collected. Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
5. MINORS PERSONAL INFORMATION
We do not knowingly request, collect, use or disclose any type of data provided by a person under the age of 18. Although our Site is a general audience Site; our services are intended for people age 18 and older. If we learn that personal data from users under the age of 18 has been collected, we will delete the information and deactivate the account.
By using this Site, you state that you are at least 18. If you are under this age, please do not register or proceed with the online purchase and ask an adult (i.e. your parents or your legal guardian) to proceed with the required procedures.
If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under the age of 18, please contact us at info@eriktheflutemaker.com or through our Contact Form here.
6. STORAGE, ACCESSIBILITY AND TRANSFER
Our servers are located in the United States. If you are accessing our Site from outside the United States, please be aware that your Personal Information may be transferred to, stored, and processed both inside the United States and in other countries.
Your Personal data will be accessed, on a need-to-know base, only by authorized staff, bound by confidentiality obligations, in the digital & IT, marketing, shipping and administration departments.
If you are a resident in the European Economic Area and we need to process and transfer your information in some countries which may not have data protection or other laws as comprehensive as those in your country, we will take all necessary measures to protect your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy and applicable law.
7. PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURITY
We have implemented technological and procedural security measures for our Site, but we cannot guarantee that the internet itself is 100% secure. We recommend you to only access our Site’s services within a secure environment and periodically update your software for protecting data transmission over networks.
Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, your providing of your personal data is done at your own risk and, to the greatest extent permitted under applicable law, we shall have no liability as a result of the disclosure of your personal information due to errors, omissions or unauthorized acts of third parties during or after transmission of personal information to and from our Site.
You are solely responsible for keeping your username and password confidential and not disclosing any of them.
If we have reason to believe that the security of your personal information in our possession or control was or may have been compromised, we will notify you of that development, as required by applicable law, using your email address, which by providing us with you hereby consent to receiving any such notification.
8. YOUR DATA RETENTION
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary to fulfill the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements) or until you ask us to delete this information.
We will not, for any purpose, keep your Personal Information after you have canceled your account with us. When we have no pending or ongoing legitimate need to process your personal information, we will either delete it or archive it, isolating it from any possible processes until deletion.
9. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
If, at any time, you would like to review or change the information in your account or terminate your account, you can do that from your Account Settings page or by contacting us through our Contact Form here.
Your account termination request will result in your account being deactivated or deleted unless some information might be required to be retained in our files for accounting purposes, to prevent fraud or for other legal requirements.
If you are an European Union resident you have the right, at any time and free of charge, to access any personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be changed, updated, or deleted (subject to exemptions which may apply). If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through our Contact Form here.
Also, please note that by processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example purchases through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above, your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
10. CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our visitors who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information regarding our disclosure of personal data to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us through our Contact Form here.
11. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to better reflect our practices or for legal or regulatory reasons.
We reserve the right to update, change or replace any part of this Privacy Policy to better reflect our practices, or for legal or regulatory reasons, by posting updates and/or changes to this page and updating the “Last updated” date at the top of this page. It is your responsibility to check this page periodically for changes and updates.
Your continued use of or access to the Site following the posting of any changes constitutes acceptance of those changes.
12. CONTACT US
If you have any questions about our Privacy Practices, please contact us by email at info@eriktheflutemaker.com, Phone at +1/954-424-6502 or through our Contact Form here.
Flutemaker Ministries
SHOP
Search
Search
NEWSLETTER SIGN UP
Sign up for our Newsletter and receive updates on exclusive promotions and events.
Helping Children
FlutemakerMinistries.org is commited to offer the children of Nicaragua a chance at a better future. Support our work and touch the world with practical love!
You can find out more by visiting FlutemakerMinistries.org.
(We are a 501(c)3 public charity.)
One time donation
SELECT ANY AMOUNT YOU WOULD LIKE TO DONATE IN THE NEXT STEP.
Every donation makes a difference, so Thank you for getting involved!
Monthly Recurring Gift
CHOOSE THE AMOUNT:
$10.00 USD - monthly
$50.00 USD - monthly
$100.00 USD - monthly
$200.00 USD - monthly
$500.00 USD - monthly
THANK YOU FOR YOUR GENEROSITY! Make sure to stay updated to our progress by checking our Website and following us on Facebook. If you have more questions or you would like to get involved contact us here.
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device