http://www.geffenplayhouse.com/privacy/
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Geffen Playhouse Website Privacy Policy
EFFECTIVE DATE: OCTOBER 26, 2014
1. INTRODUCTION
1.1. PURPOSE OF POLICY. Geffen Playhouse is committed to respecting the privacy rights of its customers, visitors, and other users of the Geffen Website or http://www.geffenplayhouse.org/ . We created this Website Privacy Policy (this "Policy") to give you confidence as you visit and use the Site, and to demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices and the protection of privacy. This Policy is only applicable to the Site, and not to any other websites that you may be able to access from the Site, each of which may have data collection and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Policy.1.2. NOTICE CONCERNING CHILDREN
The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act imposes certain requirements on websites directed toward children under 13 that collect information on those children, or on websites that know they are collecting personal Information from children under the age of 13. We are a general audience site, and although we produce shows and events that have content appropriate for children under 13 years of age, we do not collect information or direct any of our content specifically at children under 13 years of age. We will collect children's personal information only if is provided by a registered adult. We understand and are committed to respecting the sensitive nature of children's privacy online. If we learn or have reason to suspect that a Site user is under age 13, we will promptly delete any personal information in that user's account.
2. INFORMATION COLLECTION PRACTICES
2.1. WHAT BASIC INFORMATION DOES THE GEFFEN COLLECT?
In operating the Site, the Geffen may collect both personal and non- personal information about you when you use the Site to register, participate in online surveys, sign up for newsletters, receive discounted ticket offer alerts, submit contest entries, make donations, correspond with us and fill out other online forms that ask users to provide information. The "Personal Information" we collect may include contact data (such as your name, mailing address, phone number and e-mail address) and financial data (such as your account or credit card number). The "Non-Personal Information" refers to information that does not by itself identify you or a specific individual, like demographic data (such as which web pages of ours are most often visited, which of our productions are receiving the most website visits, your zip code, age, and income). If you communicate with us in any of the manners discussed above, the information provided in such communication may be collected as information pursuant to this Policy. We also collect Non-Personal Information through use of the industry standard technologies discussed below.
2.2. WHAT ADDITIONAL INFORMATION DOES GEFFEN COLLECT?
(a) AUTOMATIC COLLECTION. You may visit many areas of our Site anonymously without becoming a registered user, however, our servers automatically recognize visitors' domain names and IP addresses (the number assigned to computers on the Internet). No personal information about you is revealed in this process. The Site may also gather anonymous "traffic data" that does not personally identify you, but that may be helpful for marketing purposes or for improving the services we offer.
(b) COOKIES. From time to time, we may use the standard "cookies" feature of major browser applications that allows us to store a small piece of data on your computer's hard drive about your visit to our Web site. We do not set any personally identifiable information in cookies, nor do we employ any data capture mechanisms on our website other than cookies. Cookies help us learn which areas of our site are useful and which areas need improvement. You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings on your browser. However, if you choose to disable this function, your experience at our Web site may be diminished and some features may not work as they were intended.
3. USE AND SHARING OF INFORMATION
3.1. WHAT DOES THE GEFFEN DO WITH COLLECTED INFORMATION?
(a) PERSONAL INFORMATION. We will not share your Personal Financial Information with any third parties without your consent, except as necessary to provide you with the services offered by us or to comply with the law. We may use your Personal Information to verify your identity, to check your qualifications, or to follow up with transactions you have initiated on the Site. We may also use your Contact Information to inform you of any changes to the Site, or to send you additional information about the Geffen or other local arts institutions. Only name and mailing address information will be shared with those select parties. If you do not wish to be informed of future arts events at the Geffen or otherwise, please notify us immediately.
(b) ANONYMOUS INFORMATION. We use anonymous information to analyze our Site traffic, but we do not examine this information for individually identifying information. In addition, we may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our Site, to monitor our system performance and the level of activity on the Site in general and about specific portions of our Site and how the traffic on our Site is apportioned and from where it may come and to gather broad demographic information about our Site visitors so that we may display the content according to your preferences and make it easier and more convenient for you to navigate and use the Site. Traffic and transaction information may also be shared with business partners and advertisers on an aggregate and anonymous basis.
(c) USE OF COOKIES. We may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site, or for other purposes. Promotions or advertisements displayed on our site may contain cookies. We do not have access to or control over information collected by outside advertisers on our site.
(d) DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION. We may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (1) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on the Geffen or its subsidiaries or affiliates, (2) protect and defend the rights or property of Geffen or the users of the Site, or (3) act under exigent circumstances to protect the safety of the public or users of the Site.
(e) SALE OF INFORMATION. In order to accommodate changes in our business, we may sell or buy portions of the Geffen or other companies or the assets thereof, including the information collected through this Site. If the Geffen or substantially all of its assets are acquired or merged with another organization, customer information will be one of the assets transferred to the acquirer, however, your Personal Information will be transferred subject to this Policy.
(f) ACCESS TO INFORMATION. Unfortunately, we do not maintain any procedures for you to review or request changes to the information that we collect about you, except that you may request that we remove all information about you from our database by contacting us in accordance with Section 6.1 below.
4. COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT
We respect the intellectual property rights of others and expect all of our partners and users of our Site to do the same. If you believe that your copyrighted work appears on our Site in a manner that infringes your copyright, you may notify us as explained below. Upon our designated agent's receipt of a notice satisfying the requirements specified below, we will remove or block access to the allegedly infringing material. If the person or entity providing the allegedly infringing material believes in good faith that the notice of copyright infringement is invalid or has been wrongly filed, the provider of the material may submit a counternotice to us asking us to restore the removed or blocked material.
If you believe that your copyrighted work has been infringed, or if a notice of copyright infringement is filed against you, you should seek legal counsel. Please be advised that persons who falsely allege copyright infringement, or a counternotice filed in response to a notice of copyright infringement, may be liable for damages including attorneys' fees incurred as a result of the removal or blocking of the material.
You may file a notice of claimed infringement with our designated agent as follows:
Geffen PlayhouseAttn: General Manager
10866 Le Conte Avenue
Los Angeles, CA 90024
The notice of claimed infringement must include the following information:
1. The physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
2. A description of the copyrighted work you claim has been infringed and identification of where the original or authorized copy of the infringed work can be found.
3. Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the infringing material, such as the URL and location within a page.
4. Your contact information including address, telephone number and e-mail address.
5. A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or by law.
A statement, made under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or are a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.]
5. SECURITY
The Site has security measures in place to prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information that we obtain from you. Registrations made on our website are placed on our secure server and are encrypted with full 128-bit encryption, however, we make no assurances about our ability to prevent loss, or misuse, to you or to any third party arising out of any such loss, misuse, or alteration. You are solely responsible for safeguarding and maintaining the secrecy of any user ID, passwords and/or any account information in your possession or control. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online. The Site contains links to third parties who may collect information directly from you. Each of the websites linked from the Site, has a separate privacy policy and data collection practice, independent of Geffen, and we have no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions and is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites nor do we make any warranties or representations about the contents, products or services offered on such websites or the security of any information you provide to them. You can learn more about Internet privacy from government websites such as http://www.ftc.gov/privacy/. You may ask us in writing via mail or e-mail at
to have the information in your account deleted, updated or corrected; however, we may retain changed or deleted information for archival or other purposes.
6. WEBSITE AREAS BEYOND THE GEFFEN'S CONTROL
6.1. PUBLIC FORUMS
The Site may include interactive forums such as message boards and chat rooms. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
6.2. THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
The Site may contain links to other websites. If you choose to visit other websites, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of those other websites, and it is your responsibility to review the privacy policies at those websites to confirm that you understand and agree with their policies. We encourage you to read posted privacy policy statements whenever interacting with another website.
7. CONTACT INFORMATION AND POLICY UPDATES
7.1. CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this Policy, our practices related to this Site, or if you would like to have us remove your information from our database, please feel contact us at:
Geffen PlayhouseAttn: Webmaster
10866 Le Conte Avenue
Los Angeles, CA 90024
(310) 208-6500
7.2. UPDATES AND CHANGES
We reserve the right, at any time, to add to, change, update, or modify this Policy, simply by posting such change, update, or modification on the Site and without any other notice to you. Any such change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site. It is your responsibility to review this Policy from time to time to ensure that you continue to agree with all of its terms.
Home
Shows & Tickets
Shows
Calendar
Gift Cards
Stayhouse Support
Plan Your Visit
Box Office
Subscriptions
Play! Nights
Group Sales
Seating Charts
Special Programs
Accessibility
New Play Development
Past Shows
Stayhouse
Media
Media
Press Room
Podcasts
Streaming
News
Blog
Social
Jagged Little Pill: The Musical
Education & Community
Education & Community
For Educators
For Students
For Community Members
Artist Resources
Theater-Making at Home
Impact
Support Us
Support Us
Donate Now
Ways to Give
Donor Benefits
Events
Support New Art
Support Education
Thank You
About Us
About Us
Our Theaters
Our People
Join Our Team
Press Room
UCLA Partnership
Financial Info
Contact Us
Log In
Cart
Donate
Tickets