http://www.broomhillart.co.uk/information/terms-conditions-copyright.html
home
sculpture gardens
picture tour
artists
featured projects
children, groups and dogs
accessibility & parking
sales and commissions
in the park
montgomery trust
picture competition
art gallery
National Sculpture Prize
NSP Winners
2019 Finalists
your vote
how to enter
nsp archive
sponsors
Hotel
picture tour
tariff
offers
reservations
events
reviews
art gallery
Restaurant
picture tour
about our food
celebrations
reviews
Conferences
picture tour
catering and accommodation
equipment
capacity and rates
special requirements
terms and conditions
Weddings
picture tour
packages
menus
info and prices
enquiries
reviews
terms and conditions
Music
picture tour
coming-up
booking
enquiries
two night stay
previous gigs
Information
the art of doing
opening times & admission
finding us
accessibility & parking
children, groups and dogs
schools
things to do in the area
subscribe to our newsletter
privacy
terms, conditions and copyright
what our guests say
Join our mailing list
Follow us
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
Open Source Slideshow Software by WOWSlider.com v3.4
Useful links...
Finding Us
Accessibility & Parking
Contact Us
Newsletter Subscribe
Links
Things to do in the Area
Opening Times & Admission
Privacy Policy
Photo Competition
The Art of Doing
What Our Guests Say
Terms, Conditions & Copyright
Education
Terms, Conditions & Copyright @ Broomhill
Web and premises
We set out below the Terms and Conditions that apply both to users of this web site and to users of facilities at Broomhill.
General
We do our very best to keep this web site up to date and it is our intention, in all respects, to give our potential guests a true reflection of our establishment and our service. All facilities and conditions must be subject to availability and these terms and conditions. Broomhill is a congenial establishment and we do our very best to live up to our claims and to meet requests of our individual guests. These term and conditions are written to protect our visitors as well as to make it possible for us to run and develop our facilities.
Whenever you are coming to Broomhill for a special reason - a particular menu item, a particular exhibition, a particular garden sculpture for example - it is always best to contact us before setting off just in case for whatever reason there is a problem associated with your particular reason for coming.
Restaurant, Jazz and Other Special Events
A reservation can be made by email, fax, phone, letter or by using the reservation form. Bookings can, of course be made in person at Broomhill.
In the event of a reserved place not being taken up, or a place being cancelled with insufficient time to re-sell a reservation or ticket, Broomhill will charge the full price of the reservation or ticket.
Cancellations made in sufficient time to re-sell a ticket or reservation may incur a 10 per cent administration charge.
Broomhill cannot be held responsible for any consequential losses or damages where artists, performers or other third parties fail to appear as advertised. In such cases however, a full refund will be offered.
Items indicated on any menus on this web site or in advertising or other publicity material will be available unless they are sold out or are unavailable from suppliers. Where supplies might (rarely) meet our quality requirements we will reject them and thus certain items may be temporarily unavailable on the menu.
Private Hotel Reservations
A reservation can be made by email, fax, phone, letter or by using the reservation form. Bookings can, of course be made in person at Broomhill.
Confirmation
Confirmation of a Booking will be made by an appropriate communication back to you from Broomhill.
Confirmation can also be given over the phone when Broomhill staff.
Confirmation will only be made when a valid Credit Card has been satisfactorily recorded. This may also be possible on-line once we are sure that we have a secure means of doing so.
Where extra services are requested these will be carried out to the best of our ability but may depend on third parties who we do not control.
Should there be any problems outside of our control concerning the particular booking of any room the guest will be informed and given the opportunity to rebook. Such as utilities failure, unplanned maintenance or 'Acts of God'.
Our Tariff clearly shows the basic charges for Bed and Breakfast per person.
The contract price will be the price that is offered when replying to the initial booking. This may differ from the Tariff published where special requests are to be met or for other reasons. Whatever the reason this will be explained in the confirmation.
Cancellation & Deposits
Deposits are non-refundable but can be transferred to an alternative date.
If cancelled up to 3 days before date of arrival, only the fixed amount of £25 will be charged per night of the booking, if cancelled later or in case of no-show, 100 percent of the first night will be charged.
Conference Facilities
A deposit may be required on booking before confirmation can be given.
An approved credit account is needed prior to credit facilities being made available. Credit card details are required prior to the conference or meeting, or cash 'up front' if credit facilities are still not cleared.
Company name, representative's name, delegate numbers, contact details, invoice details and addresses are needed on booking confirmation.
Please advise us, a minimum of 72 hours previous, of any special dietary requirements or we will not be able to supply such requirements.
A guest’s or a visitor’s property is the sole responsibility of the guest, unless placed in the hotel safe and the appropriate fee paid. Guest's vehicles and their vehicle contents are left on the hotel site at the vehicle owner's sole responsibility.
Anti-social behaviour will not be tolerated.
Any damage to the hotel property by yourself or your guests, will be charged for in full, for the cost of any cleaning/repair, along with any lost revenue of rooms awaiting attention. This will be the liability of the organisation/person booking the event, who will be responsible for collecting payment, if necessary from their other guests/delegates.
Conference Bookings Cancellation
Deposits are non-refundable.
In the case where inclusive delegate rates or similar tariffs have been quoted and the number significantly reduces, an additional charge may be made to reflect the reduction in numbers and the cost of any supplies bought in or work carried out in preparation.
Failure to meet these deadlines will result in your liability to 75% of the booked value.
Any damage to the hotel property by yourself or your guests, will be charged for in full, for the cost of any cleaning/repair, along with any lost revenue of rooms awaiting attention. This will be the liability of the organisation/person booking the event, who will be responsible for collecting payment, if necessary from their other guests.
Functions
A deposit is required on booking with balance paid fourteen days prior to function. Ask for separate details.
An approved credit account is needed prior to credit facilities being made available. Credit card details are required prior to the event, or cash in front, if credit facilities are still not cleared.
Organisation name, organiser's name(s), contact details, invoice details and addresses are needed on booking confirmation.
Please advise us, a minimum of 72 hours in advance, of any special dietary requirements or we will not be able to supply such requirements.
Guaranteed minimum number to be confirmed at the latest 28 clear working days prior to arrival. These numbers then automatically become the minimum chargeable or 90% of the original number given, whichever is the larger. This figure may be increased prior to arrival by up to 10% on giving five working days notice and in any event, every endeavour will be made to meet the precise requirements under all circumstances.
A guest’s or a visitor’s property is the sole responsibility of the guest, unless placed in the Hotel safe and the appropriate fee paid. Guest's vehicles and their vehicle contents are left on the hotel site at the vehicle owner's sole responsibility.
Anti-social behaviour will not be tolerated, and persons involved will be asked to leave.
Any damage to the hotel property by yourself or your guests, will be charged for in full, for the cost of any cleaning/repair, along with any lost revenue of rooms awaiting attention. This will be the liability of the organisation/person booking the event, who will be responsible for collecting payment, if necessary from their other guests.
Breakages and Losses
Broomhill is an Art Hotel and, as advertised, contains many works of art. This is part of the glory of Broomhill. However, please be advised that while Broomhill takes reasonable precautions to prevent it, breakages can occur. Guests will be required to reimburse Broomhill for any damage caused through negligence or inattention. Children are very welcome at Broomhill but parents and guardians must take full responsibility for their children in and around Broomhill. Please note that most travel and holiday insurance will cover accidental damage caused by the insured or the insured's family.
Broomhill shall not be liable for the loss or any damage to the property of the customer or any guest suffered or incurred whilst on Broomhill premises, unless it is caused by the default of Broomhill, its servant or agents. In particular, it is to be noted that car parks, cloakrooms and other areas of Broomhill are not under constant supervision, and that any property is left at the sole risk of the owner(s) of that property.
Accidents
Please be aware that sculptures, works of art and other artefacts at Broomhill can not always be made absolutely secure. They are displayed to be looked at and, in appropriate cases, to be touched gently. None of the sculptures should be climbed on, sat on pushed, leant on, hung on or otherwise subjected to any forces of such kind.
Any damage caused by visitors will be the responsibility of the visitors and the cost of replacement or repair will be chargeable and recovered.
School Parties and Other Groups
Broomhill welcomes school visits. Please be aware that the party leaders must know where all the members of the party are at all times, and are fully responsible for any damages or losses caused by members of the party. Any breakages, damages or loses will be charged to the institution making the booking for the visit. It will not be sufficient for an institution to claim it is not allowed to reimburse Broomhill for repairs out of public funds. All party organisers must be fully insured and may be required to prove they are fully insured before the visit will be permitted.
Any anti-social behaviour or activity which in the opinion of Broomhill causing is or might cause annoyance to others must be avoided. Persistent offenders in this will be required to leave immediately.
Beyond our Control
Should there be any problems outside of our control concerning a booking for a room, conference, meeting or function you will be informed and given the opportunity to rebook. This would include but not exclusively such as utilities failure, unplanned maintenance or ‘Acts of God’.
We may also cancel a booking if the booking might, in the opinion of Broomhill, prejudice its reputation; if the client is more than 30 days in arrears of previous payments to Broomhill; or, if Broomhill becomes aware of any alteration in the client's financial situation.
Accessibility
The Sculpture Garden is not on a level setting - the contours are artfully used to provide many points of view of the many pieces.Since the landscaping strikes a balance between nature and organisation, there are parts that people with limited mobility may find challenging. Such people can still see most of the works of art, however, although they may not be able to approach them all as closely as others. This, some argue, is not a problem.
Children
The Sculpture Garden is an ideal place for children to learn about modern art and to experience large sculptures. However, whilst gentle touching, with discretion, may be appropriate, we must ask that sculptures are not climbed on, swung on or otherwise put under stress. They are works of art and as such are not designed with the same strength and stability as play equipment. Please be aware of the small lake and be sure you know where your children are at all times.
Dogs
Dogs are not discouraged in the Gardens. However, as with any excursion with your four-legged friend we would appreciate it if you came equipped to clean up if it should be necessary.
Problems and Shortcomings
If there is anything you are dissatisfied with relating to service or products, please inform the staff immediately so that it can be rectified or replaced whilst you are here. Members of staff are unable to authorise credit or till refunds.
Web Site Terms of Use
The content and information displayed on this web site is the property of Broomhill, annerykiln.co.uk and other third parties such as the artists involved. The downloading, reproduction, or retransmission of any information on this site, other than for non-commercial individual use, is strictly prohibited.
In accessing the Broomhill web site you agree that you will not use any device, software or other instrumentality to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of our site, and that you will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure. In addition, you agree that you will not use any robot, spider, other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy our web pages or the content contained herein, without the prior express consent from Broomhill.
All information on this site is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement.
Though Broomhill will endeavour to make it otherwise, this web site may contain inaccuracies and typographical errors. Broomhill reserves the right to make changes, corrections and/or improvements to this web site, and to the products described in such information, at any time and without notice.
If you choose to leave this web site to another web site, including those of advertisers, Broomhill can not responsible for the privacy policies of those other sites or the cookies those sites use. In addition, because Broomhill has no control over those sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that Broomhill is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources.
This is a United Kingdom web site and is subject to United Kingdom law. Broomhill will disclose any information regarding the use of this site including personal information pertaining to you without your permission when required by law, or in good faith believe that such action is necessary to investigate or protect against harmful activities to guests, visitors, members of staff, or property (including this site) of Broomhill, or to others.
Copyright Information for Broomhill
Somebody owns the rights
The entire contents and design of this web site are somebody’s copyright. Illustrations of artists’ work are used by the kind permission of each artist or of their appointed representative. No images may be downloaded, copied or otherwise used without the express and specific permission of the owner of the copyright. This is with the exception that a page may be printed out for personal and private use and not for any commercial gain.
Pages, such as those providing a profile of individual artists and the associated images, may be printed and copied for use in a bona fide educational context only. Such copies must include a reference to Broomhill and to the fact that the page contents are subject to copyright restrictions.
The design of the web site and the content written by Broomhill is the shared copyright of Broomhill and annerykiln.co.uk Web Design.
Use of images or text for illustrative, publicity or other purposes may be permitted but only with the express, prior permission of Broomhill or of annery-kiln.eu. Such permission will not be unreasonably withheld provided that such conditions as may be imposed are adhered to.
It is important to use that these conditions are heeded. Art works and images are provided in good faith to Broomhill by the artists. Inappropriate use of them could jeopardise the relationship Broomhill cultivates with artists.
SCULPTURE PARK  |  ART HOTEL  |  RESTAURANT  |  GALLERY
Broomhill Art Hotel, Muddiford, Barnstaple, North Devon EX31 4EX     01271 850262     info@broomhillart.co.uk
Images shown are either of works of art at Broomhill or by artists who are, or have been, featured at Broomhill. They may not be on display when you visit.