http://www.english-in-chester.co.uk/privacy/
Login to e-Chester
Home
The School
Facilities
Our Staff
Our Students
Why study with us?
This month at EIC
EIC People
News
FAQs
Chester
Historic Chester
Living in Chester
Travelling to Chester
FAQs
Courses
General English Courses (age 16+)Full-time courses throughout the year for students of 16 years of age and over with a range of different options available in the afternoon.
Study Year ProgrammeThis study programme is designed to meet the needs of long-term students.
25+ CoursesShort, intensive courses for students over 25 available in the Language Training Centre throughout the year.
Examination CoursesInternationally-recognised examination courses at different levels to help in work, study and career development.
50+ CoursesSpecially designed courses with an inclusive social programme for our more mature clients.
Summer Courses for Teenagers (age 13-16)Summer courses with an inclusive excursion/activity programme for individual 13-16 year olds and "mini" groups only.
Courses for GroupsShort tailor-made courses for all age groups.
Accommodation & Welfare
Homestay Accommodation
Self-Catering Residences
Hotels & Guest Houses
Welfare
FAQs
Student Life
Living in Chester
Social Programmes
Exploring outside Chester
This month at EIC
EIC People
e-Learning
e-CHESTER
Learning Zone
Free Online English Lessons
Gallery
Book
Course Finder
Test your English
Visas
Terms & Conditions
Policies & Procedures
Examination Results
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
View our privacy policy
Click here to view our Privacy Policy (PDF)
Educational Tour Operators (ETOs)
Our Brochure & Price List
Application Form
Share
English in Chester   9-11 Stanley Place   Chester   CH1 2LU
Tel: +44 (0)1244 318913   Fax: +44 (0)1244 320091   Email: study@english-in-chester.co.uk
Contact Us   Terms & Conditions   Privacy Policy   Policies & Procedures   Examination ResultsPrincipal: Nigel Paramor
English in Chester is operated by The English Language Centre.
Registered in England No: 1508550. Registered Office: 33 Palmeira Mansions, Hove, BN3 2GB, UK.
Registered as a charity under the Charities Act 1980 No: 281859.
English UK Member
English UK North Member
Member of IALC
Member of The English Network
Accredited by the British Council
Member of Quality English
English in Chester's sponsored charity is VSO
The content and design of this website are copyright English in Chester. Images and videos used on this website are subject to copyright and are used with permission or under licence, and must not be reproduced elsewhere without permission from their respective owners.	 Site designed and developed by Nick Day.
Switch site: Standard | Mobile