http://www.questia.com/help
Menu
About us
Take a tour
User Agreements
Privacy policy
Contact us
Site Sunset
Help
Help
Have a question about Questia? We’ve provided answers to some frequently asked question
below. If you don’t find the answer here, please contact us via our online form. For immediate assistance, please call Customer Service at 1-800-889-0097.
Expand all
Collapse all
Using Questia
How do I perform a search or advanced search on Questia?
Begin with the search box at the top of every page. From the results page, you can refine your search using any of our available search filters.
Watch a video demonstration.
How do I highlight or cite a passage in a book or article?
To create a highlight or cite a passage when reading a book or article, click or tap on the first word you want, and then click or tap on the last word you want.
Everything between those two words will be selected and a menu of options like highlight and cite passage will appear.
How do I create a bibliography?
Once you have saved work in a project, open your project, select items to include in your bibliography, and click "Create bibliography." From there, simply choose your bibliography style, and Questia handles the rest. Be sure to read the help notes once your bibliography is created.
Watch a video demonstration.
How do I access my research on Questia/How do I manage my projects (formerly named "Work")?
Your active project is indicated in the header of almost every page on the site. Click it to open your project. If you have multiple projects, a menu will be available, allowing you to open or activate any of your projects.
Watch a video demonstration.
Where can I find your 6,000+ research topics plus complete lists of all your books and journal, magazine and newspaper articles?
Open the “Browse library” menu at the top of every page.
Can I use Questia's project folders, citation, bibliography and note taking tools with books or articles not in the Questia library?
Yes.
You can create and save notes, citations, and bibliographic references using Questia's Manual Citation tool or Browser Extensions. Learn more
Questia memberships
How much do membership plans cost?
Questia offers a variety of membership plans designed to meet your needs: Here’s
a breakdown of our standard retail pricing:
Annual membership for 99.95 USD
Semester membership (four months) for 49.95 USD
Monthly membership for 19.95 USD
Can I share my account with other users?
Sharing your account with others is a violation of Questia's Subscriber Agreement. This policy is in place not only to protect our copyrighted
books, magazines, journals, and newspapers, but also to protect you and your billing
information. To that end, Questia monitors for account sharing. Be aware that sharing
your account may result in additional charges or the permanent discontinuation of
your account.
Can I download or print books and articles?
You can print individual pages from books or articles, but we must limit it to one
page at a time. You cannot download books or articles.
While we understand downloading or printing entire books would be helpful to our
users, this limitation is necessary to help protect our publishers' copyrighted
material and prevent its unlawful distribution. We apologize for any inconvenience.
Can I use your service with my e-reader or tablet?
If your e-reader or tablet has Web browsing capabilities, you will be able use many
of the services available on the website. However, depending on the specific device
you’re using, there may be some feature limitations. If you are interested in subscribing
to Questia, and plan to use our service with your e-reader or tablet, we recommend
that you take Questia for a test drive by registering for instant access.
We also have apps designed specifically for Questia members who use an iPad, iPhone, or Android device. Questia members can download the iOS app from the iTunes app store, or the Android app in the Google Play Store.
Login issues
Why can't I log in?
If you are unable to log in, it may be due to an incorrect email address or password.
To request your login information, please go here.
If you continue to have problems logging in, it may be because cookies are disabled
in your Web browser. To learn more about enabling cookies, please visit your browser’s
website. Here are links to a few of the most popular browsers:
Internet Explorer
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Safari
How do I retrieve my username or password?
Retrieving your login information is easy. Just go here
and enter your email address. We’ll send you your username and a link to reset your
password.
Why haven’t I received the login information I requested?
It’s possible that your login information was routed to your spam folder. To ensure
delivery of your login information, consider doing the following:
Modify your spam filters to accept messages from questia.com
Add password@questia.com to your email contacts.
If this doesn't solve the problem, please
send
us a message
. If you need immediate assistance, call Customer Service at
1-800-889-0097.
Account/Billing questions
How do I update my account or billing information?
If you are a Questia member, you can update your information using the following
links:
Personal profile
Change email address
Change password
Billing information
If you’re unable to access your account, please contact us.
How do I cancel my account?
Cancel anytime using one of these options:
Log in and use our cancellation form. You can find
this form in the “Your account” section, which is accessible from the top of most
pages.
Call Customer Service at 1-800-889-0097. We're available
24/7.
Send us your cancellation request, along
with the email address associated with your account.
No matter which option you choose, you should receive a cancellation-confirmation
email from us. If you do not receive this email, please contact us.
Questia content
How are books and articles selected for Questia?
The Questia collection is designed to support college-level study. The library covers
a wide range of subjects though is particularly strong in the humanities and social
sciences. Titles are selected by professional librarians with years of experience
in collection and access issues. Subject coverage is continually reviewed using
a mixture of traditional and innovative techniques. Criteria for shaping the collection
includes identifying notable books, widely-cited titles, widely-held titles, recommendations
from faculty and librarians, titles from reputable commercial and academic presses,
citation analysis, etc. Standard review sources as well as specially designed selection
services are used. Titles selected are primarily English-language titles. Depth
of coverage within a discipline varies according to the needs of the Questia users.
Factors considered in individual title selection include:
Authority, including accuracy of content and qualifications of the authors/publishers
of the work.
Scope, including currency and depth of coverage.
Treatment, including usefulness to a diverse audience and balance of viewpoints
presented.
I am an author. How do I get my book or article removed from your site?
Please contact your publisher first to ensure your permissions are being handled
correctly. (Contact information is typically available on publishers’ websites.)
Unless you specifically withheld electronic copyright permissions or kept the copyright
and did not grant a license to the electronic copy, the publisher may be entitled
to permit third parties to republish or redistribute your work.
I find a book or article displayed on your site objectionable. How do I get it removed or corrected?
Questia is not the writer or publisher of the books and articles we provide, and
our licensing agreements typically prohibit us from making any changes to the content
provided to us.
If you believe the content of an article is inaccurate, defamatory, or otherwise
violates your rights, please first direct your concern to the publisher, which has
responsibility for accuracy.
Copyright inquiries
Copyright Notice & Complaints
Trademarks and fair use of copyrighted material on Questia
Questia makes no claim of ownership in service marks and trademarks ("marks") other
than their own. Any use of another parties marks in the QuestiaSM service
is done with permission of the mark owner and/or replicates their use in an original
publication and is herein considered fair use.
The Questia service is primarily targeted at the educational market, to be used
by individuals for their personal research. To the extent that third party literary,
musical, choreographic, pictorial, graphic, and architectural works are incorporated
in works accessible through the Questia service, Questia's use is de minimis and/or
authorized by the copyright owner, and Questia has no reason to believe such use
adversely affects the market for the sale of such third party material.
Procedure for making claims of copyright infringement
Questia respects the intellectual property rights of all individuals, businesses,
and organizations. Before we make any content available to our users, we investigate
the legal status of that material and obtain what our investigations indicate are
the necessary copyrights. If you believe that your copyrighted work is accessible
on this site in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, you may notify us
by providing our agent with the following information:
Identification of the copyrighted work(s) claimed to have been infringed;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject
of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled,
and information reasonably sufficient to permit Questia to locate the material;
A statement by you or your authorized agent (the "Complaining Party") that you are
the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit Questia to contact you or your authorized
agent such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an email address;
A statement that the Complaining Party has a good faith belief that use of the material
in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent,
or the law;
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty
of perjury, that the Complaining Party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner
of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; and
A physical or electronic signature of the Complaining Party.
In accordance with Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2), notifications
of claimed copyright infringement should be sent to the attention of Designated
Copyright Agent for Questia via our online form.
Upon receipt of your written notification containing the above information, Questia
will:
Take reasonable steps to promptly verify the alleged infringement;
Contact the Complaining Party with the results of our investigation and, if warranted,
by our investigation;
Remove or disable access to the material that is alleged to be infringing.
Questia Research Tutorials and Course Assignments
I’m an instructor, where do I create and manage the assignments?
Click on the Tutorials button at the top of the website, and you will go to a dashboard where you can create and manage your assignments.
I’m an instructor, is there an activation code I provide to my students?
When you create a course of Questia assignments, an enrollment URL will appear on your dashboard.
Copy and distribute this URL to your students, who can click on it and follow the steps to enroll.
I’m a student, where do I find the Questia assignments my instructor has given me?
Click on the Tutorials button at the top of the website, and you will go to a dashboard where you can see the assignments your instructor has given you.
Must students subscribe to Questia to access the tutorials?
Yes.
Other Questia websites
What is Questia School?
Questia School is aimed at K-12 students.
The site operates with separate user name and passwords. If you are a Questia School subscriber, you may log on via Questiaschool.com.
What is the Questia Mindapp?
Questia for MindTap is designed specifically for use with Cengage Learning’s MindTap products.
You access it after logging in through your MindTap account.
Active subscribers to Questia for MindTap can access their project folders and readings via Questia.com and its mobile apps with the Questia for MindTap user name and password.
Are all the sites the same?
No. Each website is built specifically for its audience.
So while there is a large overlap from website to website, there are differences among all of them.
Questia Writing Center and Add-in
Can I write a paper in Questia?
You can embed Questia as an Add-in to Microsoft Word and Google Docs – enabling you to pull up Questia within those writing services. As you write you can search Questia's library, seamlessly transfer items from your project folders and saved work into those writing services, plus get answers to common writing questions while also using Questia's writing tools.
How does Questia's Writing Center differ from Questia's Writing Add-in?
The tools and guidance are the same, though organized slightly differently. When you use Questia's Writing Center, you’ll need to export your work and then paste it into your writing service (ie Microsoft Word or Google Docs). With Questia's Writing Add-in, you begin the writing process by opening Microsoft Word or Google Docs, then open up the Questia Add-in to include it directly next to your writing space.
How do I get to Questia's Writing Center or Add-in?
Learn more about the Questia Writing Center and Add-in
Add to Microsoft Word
Add to Google Docs
Can I export my saved work from Questia?
Yes, you can export your thesis, outline and bibliography.
Can I upload a paper or other document into the writing center?
Not at this time.
If my subscription ends, can I still access my thesis, outline, bibliography and other work saved in Questia?
Yes, you will always have access. Just login using your email and password.
About us
Take a tour
User Agreements
Privacy policy
Contact us
Site Sunset
Help
Customer Service
Our Customer Service team is available 24/7. Just call
1-800-889-0097.
Mailing address
Questia
c/o Cengage Learning
1 North State Street
Suite 900
Chicago, IL 60602
USA
Oops!
An unknown error has occurred. Please click the button below to reload the page. If the problem persists, please try again in a little while.
Reload
We use cookies to deliver a better user experience and to show you ads based on your interests. By using our website, you agree to the use of cookies as described in our Privacy Policy