http://www.spaightwoodgalleries.com/privacy.html
HOME
ARTISTS
FEATURED
Gallery Tour 1
Gallery Tour 2
ABOUT
Search
Click image for BBB ratingSee our Privacy Policy
Welcome to Spaightwood Galleries, Inc.
120 Main Street, Upton MA 01568-6193 For more information or to purchase, please call 1-800-809-3343 or email us at spaightwood@gmail.com
You can follow us on Facebook and Twitter!
We blog regularly on Facebook and announce special events and special sales on both sites.
Last updated: 6/23/2019
PRIVACY NOTICE
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.spaightwoodgalleries.com.  This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site.  It will notify you of the following:
1. What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
2. What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
3. The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
4. How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing:
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you.  We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us.  We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time.  You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
1. See what data we have about you, if any.
2. Change/correct any data we have about you.
3. Have us delete any data we have about you.
4. Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
SECURITY
We take precautions to protect your information.  When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. We do not retain credit card information after a transaction has been completed.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information.  The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 508-529-2511 or via email at spaightwood@gmail.com.