https://www.bach-competition.de/terms-and-conditions/
info@bach-competition.de
Facebook
Facebook
Terms and conditions
Notice of agreement
By using this website and its services, you accept and agree to all terms and conditions of use. You are also bound by any guidelines or rules applicable to such services. If you do not agree with the terms and conditions as given below, please discontinue using this service. The same applies to external services, such as PayPal, used by this site for payments. You are bound by their terms and conditions and their privacy policies.
Accuracy warning/liability
All data presented on this site and its components are offered for informational purposes only. This site shall not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, usefulness or availability of any information transmitted or made available via the site, and shall not be responsible or liable for any errors or omissions in that information.
Post content
Content of posts may not be illegal, obscene, defamatory, threatening, infringing on intellectual property rights, invasive of privacy or otherwise injurious or objectionable. Text containing such elements will be deleted and/or reported to the relevant authorities.
Intellectual property protection
This site and its original content, features, and functionality are owned by the site authors and are protected by international copyright and other intellectual property and proprietary rights laws.
By posting or contributing content on this site, you are granting the site a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, and worldwide license to use your content in connection with the operation of our services, including, without limitation, the license rights to copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate and reformat your content, and/or to incorporate it into a collective work.
Advertisements
This site does not currently provide any third-party advertisements. However, it is devoted to promoting products endorsed and/or created by the author/owner of this site/service.
Change of terms and conditions
This service reserves the right to change these conditions from time to time and your continued use of the site will signify your acceptance of any amendments. Any changes to the current ‘Terms and Conditions’ will be noted on the Home page of this site, and users are requested to check this page whenever visiting the site. If at any time you disagree with the ‘Terms and Conditions’, please discontinue utilizing our service and notify us requesting the deletion of your personal data and account.
We reserve the right to terminate your access to this site, and this may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with your account. All provisions of these terms and conditions that, by their nature, should survive termination, shall survive termination, including but not being limited to ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, and limitations of liability.