https://www.atheen.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy has been amended to comply with new GDPR rules set to come into force on 25th May 2018.
atheen.com takes Data Protection and Data Privacy very seriously. Please continue reading for full details of what data is gathered and how it is stored and used.
We will never sell or share your personal details.
Cookie Policy
Cookies are small, encrypted text files intended to improve your experience of a website by remembering information such as your login details, your recently viewed pages, your preferences, etc. By default WordPress has cookies for the purpose of logging in to the site and for leaving comments on our posts. However, to minimise the data that we are collecting, we have disabled these features on our site. You can also choose to reject and delete cookies in your browser so that you have control over what information is shared when you visit websites. Please note that rejection of cookies may cause some parts of the site to not perform correctly. You can find out more about cookies at the third party website aboutcookies.org
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics on our website which means that we gather certain information such as IP Address, Gender, City, etc. (for a full list of information gathered please see Google Analytics own terms). We use this information solely for the purpose of seeing where our visitors are based so that it can assist us with the planning of future releases, events and tours.
Sales – Bandcamp and PayPal
In order to limit the amount of data that we gather, we do not make sales directly through this site. Rather, we use Bandcamp to handle all of our music and merchandise sales. Bandcamp uses PayPal for processing payments. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and practises of these external sites. The information passed on to us includes:
your name
your mailing address
your phone number
your email address
This information is used solely for processing your order and is deleted from our computer after one month. We do not store this information or add you to any mailing lists.
You can also purchase at digital download stores such as iTunes and Amazon where all transactions and data will be handled solely by these third party companies. We receive a monthly statement via our global digital distributor State51 detailing transactions for that month. This statement does not include any personal data, just the name of the download store, date of transaction, the item sold, the transaction amount and the country where the transaction occurred.
Affiliate Disclaimer
Ocasionally we will review products and include an affiliate link to where the product may be purchased:
affiliate links are clearly marked on the buy button which will state “view at (the retailers name)”
we only use reputable third party companies that we trust and use ourselves
we are not responsible for the privacy policies and practises of these third party companies
Email List
Should you choose, you can join a mailing list via a form on our website. We use Mailchimp for managing the list which is intended for those interested in knowing more about our releases, products and gig dates. You will never be added to this list without signing up for it yourself and you will also be required to verify your inclusion on this list after signing up (called double opt-in). Every email sent has an unsubscribe button that when clicked will delete your details from our Mailchimp account. Mailchimp have assured us that they do not store any details when using their free service, however we are not responsible for the privacy policies and practises of Mailchimp so if you have any concerns, you can check out their own policies before joining our mailing list.
Contact Form
We give you an option to contact us via this site for customer support issues, bookings, etc. Emails come directly to the office computer inbox in order for us to deal with your query and will be deleted after one month. In accordance with GDPR rules a confirmation checkbox is added to the form in order for you to verify that you are happy for us to respond to your concern.
Social Media
All social media sites have their own privacy policies and we cannot be held responsible for how they handle data. While we will interact with you on social media, we will never take your details from social media in order to use them for marketing or any other purposes.
Data Protection
At present all data is stored on one office computer and is viewed by one person only. The computer is protected by Bitdefender. Our website uses the following plugins which all comply with GDPR policies:
GDPR plugin – more details (external link)
WP Security Audit Log – more details (external link)
Wordfence Security – more details (external link)
Instagram Feed – more details (external link)
DIVI theme and updater plugin – more details (external link)
Cookie Notice- more details (external link)
AddToAny Share Buttons- more details (external link)
In the instance that we encounter a security breach on our computer or website, we will put out statement via the website and / or Twitter within 24 hours of the breach occurring.
Annual Accounting
In order to comply with UK Tax Laws we are required to submit an annual tax return. Once a year we download all PayPal statements for the purpose of creating and submitting these accounts to the Inland Revenue. An edited version of the statement showing date, name and transaction amount only (not email address) is forwarded to a GDPR compliant accountant for preparation. Statements are stored securely with password protection on an external drive for five years in accordance with UK self-employment laws. Your personal details are never submitted to the Inland Revenue, they just receive a summary of our accounts for the purpose of calculating tax due.
Privacy Preferences
I Agree