http://www.barnes-educational.co.uk/barnes-educational-services-privacy-policy/
Call us:
+44 (0) 117 904 1137
Email us:
rachel@barnes-educational.co.uk
You are here > Home >
Barnes Educational Services Privacy policy
Privacy policy
We take your privacy very seriously.  This Privacy Policy
explains how we ensure information about you is kept confidential
at all times.  By using our website you will be deemed to have
read and accepted its terms and so please read the paragraphs below
carefully.
Information collected
When voluntarily submitting an enquiry, submitting an
application form and additional information or in general
correspondence about a placement we collect this personal
information.
How we use this information
When you, a member of your family, or a close friend shows an
interest in studying in the UK we use your contact details to
communicate with you in this regard. From time to time we may also
contact you to keep you abreast of what is happening in our family
business and how we may help individuals study in the UK.
How we do not use this information
We will not disclose information obtained from you to third
parties unless required to do so by law or any other governmental
body.  We will never sell your email address or other details
without your permission.
Security
Keeping information about you secure is very important to us.
However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed
to be totally secure, so any information that you send to us is at
your own risk.
Your rights
We will always let you have a copy of all personal information
that we have about you should you request it. If requested we will
destroy all personal information that we have about you. Please
contact rachel@barnes-educational.co.uk.
Which way for me?As former teachers at many schools across England, we can help you decide. more >>Contact UsStart your unlimited consultancy or download an application form. more >>State High School in EnglandStudy at a superb state high school in England (from 4 weeks to 2 years), while living with a carefully selected host family more >>
Submit