https://www.allclassical.org/privacy-policy/
Ways to Give
Arts Blog
Tilicam
Gift Shop
503-943-5828
Online Privacy Policy
All Classical Public Media believes your on-line privacy is very important. All Classical dot org adheres to a strict policy for ensuring the privacy of your personally identifiable information (such as full name, address, e-mail address, telephone number and/or other identifiable information) and preserving the integrity of this online medium.
1. We will not collect personally identifiable information from you, other than what you supply to us on a voluntary basis.
2. In order to participate in some activities, you might be asked to provide some personally identifiable information. This could be in connection with the following: contest or ticket giveaways, registration for services which require subscription (such as e-mail newsletters) requests for membership information, content submissions, comments, or suggestions.
3. All Classical Public Media may use your personally identifiable information for activities explained above or for internal marketing and promotional purposes. By policy we do not share, trade, or sell any information with any third party organizations or non-profits.
By using this site, you signify your agreement to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy for AllClassical.org (All Classical Public Media). If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for any changes. Your continued use of AllClassical.org following the posting of any changes to these terms shall mean that you have accepted those changes.
Social Media Policy
The All Classical Portland Facebook page, www.facebook.com/AllClassicalPortland, is the official Facebook page affiliated with All Classical Public Media, Inc., Portland, Oregon’s 24-hour classical radio station.  Our goal is to foster a positive environment on The All Classical Portland Facebook page, through which members of All Classical Portland and friends can communicate with us and with each other.
Please remember that, as a voluntary member of the Facebook community, you are responsible for any correspondence or communication you have with individuals on any Facebook page.
We ask that all “fans” of The All Classical Portland Facebook page respect the interests and views of other fans of the page.  The administrators of The All Classical Portland Facebook page reserve the right to delete comments/posts that may be considered offensive or threatening.  The administrators of The All Classical Portland Facebook page may report or block any fan whose postings or comments the organization deems inappropriate.  Any concerns regarding the use or administration of The All Classical Portland Facebook page should be directed to the current administrator.
Questions or Concerns
If you have general questions about All Classical Public Media Inc.’s programs and services, please email us at support@allclassical.org.
All Classical Public Media, Inc.
211 SE Caruthers, Suite 200
Portland, OR 97214
Thank you for visiting our site.
Ways to Give
Gift Shop
Tili-Cam
Arts Blog
Audio Archive
JOY
KQAC 89.9Portland/Vancouver
KQOC 88.1Newport/Lincoln City
KQHR 88.1Hood River/The Dalles
KQHR 96.3Columbia Gorge East
KQMI 88.9Manzanita
KSLC 90.3McMinnville
95.7 FMCorvallis/Flynn
Our Sponsors
Become a Sponsor
Type and press "Enter" to search:
X
X