http://www.lgmc.org.uk/terms-and-conditions
Search
Terms and Conditions
This agreement applies as between you (the User of this Website) and London Gay Men’s Chorus (the owner(s) of this Website). Your agreement to comply with and be bound by these Terms and Conditions is deemed to occur upon your first use of the Website. If you do not agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions, you should stop using the Website immediately.
No part of this Website is intended to constitute a contractual offer capable of acceptance. Your order constitutes a contractual offer and our acceptance of that offer is deemed to occur upon our sending a dispatch email to you indicating that your order has been fulfilled and is on its way to you.
Definitions and Interpretation
In this Agreement the following terms shall have the following meanings:
‘Account’ means collectively the personal information, Payment Information and credentials used by Users to access Paid Content and / or any communications System on the Website.
’Carrier’ means any third party responsible for transporting purchased Goods from our Premises to customers.
’Content’ means any text, graphics, images, audio, video, software, data compilations and any other form of information capable of being stored in a computer that appears on or forms part of this Website.
’Goods’ means any products that London Gay Men’s Chorus advertises and / or makes available for sale through this Website.
’London Gay Men’s Chorus’ or ‘LGMC’ means London Gay Men’s Chorus Ltd, Registered Charity number 1092827 and UK registered Limited Company 4390145, office address: Hampstead Town Hall Centre, 213 Haverstock Hill, London, NW3 4QP, United Kingdom.
’Service’ means collectively any online facilities, tools, services or information that London Gay Men’s Chorus makes available through the Website either now or in the future.
’Payment Information’ means any details required for the purchase of Goods from this Website. This includes, but is not limited to, credit / debit card numbers, bank account numbers and sort codes.
’Purchase Information’ means collectively any orders, invoices, dispatch notes, receipts or similar that may be in hard copy or electronic form.
’Premises’ means our place(s) of business located at London Gay Men’s Chorus.
’System’ means any online communications infrastructure that London Gay Men’s Chorus makes available through the Website either now or in the future. This includes, but is not limited to, web-based email, message boards, live chat facilities and email links.
’User’ or ‘Users’ means any third party that accesses the Website and is not employed by London Gay Men’s Chorus and acting in the course of their employment.
‘Website’ means the website that you are currently using (www.lgmc.org.uk) and any sub-domains of this site (e.g. member’s area, public shop and member’s area shop) unless expressly excluded by their own terms and conditions.
Age Restrictions
Persons under the age of 16 should use this Website only with the supervision of an Adult. Payment Information must be provided by or with the permission of an Adult.
Business Customers
These Terms and Conditions also apply to customers buying Goods in the course of business
International Customers
If Goods are being ordered from outside London Gay Men’s Chorus’ country of residence, import duties and taxes may be incurred once your Goods reach their destination. London Gay Men’s Chorus is not responsible for these charges and we undertake to make no calculations or estimates in this regard. If you are buying internationally, you are advised to contact your local customs authorities for further details on costs and procedures. As the purchaser of the Goods, you will also be the importer of record and as such should ensure that your purchase is in full compliance with the laws of the country into which the Goods are being imported. Please be aware that Goods may be inspected on arrival at port for customs purposes and London Gay Men’s Chorus cannot guarantee that the packaging of your Goods will be free of signs of tampering.
Intellectual Property
Subject to the exceptions in Clause 6 of these Terms and Conditions, all Content included on the Website, unless uploaded by Users, including, but not limited to, text, graphics, logos, icons, images, sound clips, video clips, data compilations, page layout, underlying code and software is the property of London Gay Men’s Chorus, our affiliates or other relevant third parties. By continuing to use the Website you acknowledge that such material is protected by applicable United Kingdom and International intellectual property and other laws.
Subject to Clause 7 you may not reproduce, copy, distribute, store or in any other fashion re-use material from the Website unless otherwise indicated on the Website or unless given express written permission to do so by London Gay Men’s Chorus.
Third Party Intellectual Property
Unless otherwise expressly indicated, all Intellectual Property rights including, but not limited to, Copyright and Trademarks, in product images and descriptions belong to the manufacturers or distributors of such products as may be applicable.
Subject to Clause 7 you may not reproduce, copy, distribute, store or in any other fashion re-use such material unless otherwise indicated on the Website or unless given express written permission to do so by the relevant manufacturer or supplier.
Fair Use of Intellectual Property
Material from the Website may be re-used without written permission where any of the exceptions detailed in Chapter III of the Copyright Designs and Patents Act 1988 apply.
Links to Other Websites
This Website may contain links to other sites. Unless expressly stated, these sites are not under the control of London Gay Men’s Chorus or that of our affiliates. We assume no responsibility for the content of such websites and disclaim liability for any and all forms of loss or damage arising out of the use of them. The inclusion of a link to another site on this Website does not imply any endorsement of the sites themselves or of those in control of them.
Links to this Website
Those wishing to place a link to this Website on other sites may do so only to the home page of the site (www.lgmc.org.uk) without prior permission. Deep linking (i.e. links to specific pages within the site) is unwise as page addresses may be changed at any time. To find out more please contact us by email at webmaster@lgmc.org.uk or general-manager@lgmc.org.uk.
Use of Communications Facilities
When using the enquiry form or any other System on the Website you should do so in accordance with the following rules:
You must not use obscene or vulgar language.
You must not submit Content that is unlawful or otherwise objectionable. This includes, but is not limited to, Content that is abusive, threatening, harassing, defamatory, ageist, sexist or racist.
You must not submit Content that is intended to promote or incite violence.
It is advised that submissions are made using the English language as we may be unable to respond to enquiries submitted in any other languages.
The means by which you identify yourself must not violate these Terms and Conditions or any applicable laws.
You must not impersonate other people, particularly employees and representatives of London Gay Men’s Chorus or our affiliates.
You must not use our System for unauthorised mass-communication such as ‘spam’ or ‘junk mail’.
You acknowledge that London Gay Men’s Chorus reserves the right to monitor any and all communications made to us or using our System.
You acknowledge that London Gay Men’s Chorus may retain copies of any and all communications made to us or using our System.
You acknowledge that any information you send to us through our System or post on the enquiry form may be modified by us in any way and you hereby waive your moral right to be identified as the author of such information. Any restrictions you may wish to place upon our use of such information must be communicated to us in advance and we reserve the right to reject such terms and associated information.
Member’s Area
Members of the London Gay Men’s Chorus have a member’s area for internal use.
An Account will be created which will contain certain personal details which may vary based upon your use of the Website as we may not require payment information until you wish to make a purchase. By continuing to use this Website you represent and warrant that:
All information you submit is accurate and truthful.
You have permission to submit Payment Information where permission may be required.
You will keep this information accurate and up-to-date.
Your creation of an Account is further affirmation of your representation and warranty.
It is recommended that you do not share your Account details, particularly your username and password. London Gay Men’s Chorus accepts no liability for any losses or damages incurred as a result of your Account details being shared by you. If you use a shared computer, it is recommended that you do not save your Account details in your internet browser.
If you have reason to believe that your Account details have been obtained by another without consent, you should contact London Gay Men’s Chorus immediately to suspend your Account and cancel any unauthorised purchases that may be pending. Please be aware that purchases can only be cancelled until they are dispatched. In the event that an unauthorised purchase is dispatched prior to your notifying us of the unauthorised nature of the purchase, London Gay Men’s Chorus accepts no liability or responsibility and you should make contact with the Carrier detailed in the Purchase Information.
Termination and Cancellation
Either London Gay Men’s Chorus or you may terminate your Account. If London Gay Men’s Chorus terminates your Account, you will be notified by email and an explanation for the termination will be provided. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we reserve the right to terminate without giving reasons.
London Gay Men’s Chorus reserves the right to cancel purchases without stating reasons, for any reason prior to processing payment and dispatch.
If purchases are cancelled for any reason prior to dispatch you will be refunded any monies paid in relation to those purchases.
If you terminate your Account any non-dispatched purchases will be cancelled and you will be refunded any monies paid in relation to those purchases.
Goods, Pricing and Availability
Whilst every effort has been made to ensure that all graphical representations and descriptions of Goods available from London Gay Men’s Chorus correspond to the actual Goods, London Gay Men’s Chorus is not responsible for any variations from these descriptions. This does not exclude our liability for mistakes due to negligence on our part and refers only to variations of the correct Goods, not different Goods altogether. Please refer to Clause 15.1 for incorrect Goods.
Where appropriate, you may be required to select the required [size] [model] [colour] [number] [other features] of the Goods that you are purchasing.
London Gay Men’s Chorus does not represent or warrant that such Goods will be available. Stock indications, if provided on the Website, may not take account of sales that have taken place during your visit to the website.
All pricing information on the Website is correct at the time of going online. London Gay Men’s Chorus reserves the right to change prices and alter or remove any special offers from time to time and as necessary.
In the event that prices are changed during the period between an order being placed for Goods and London Gay Men’s Chorus processing that order and taking payment, you will be contacted prior to your order being processed with details of the new price
All prices on the Website do not include VAT. London Gay Men’s Chorus is not VAT registered.
Delivery
London Gay Men’s Chorus will notify you by way of email when your goods are to be dispatched to you.
If London Gay Men’s Chorus receives no communication from you, within 14 days of delivery, regarding any problems with the Goods, you are deemed to have received the Goods in full working order and with no problems.
Returns Policy
London Gay Men’s Chorus aims to always provide high quality Goods that are fault free and undamaged. On occasion however, goods may need to be returned. Returns are governed by these Terms and Conditions.
If you receive Goods which do not match those that you ordered, unless accompanied by an explanatory note detailing the changes, stating reasons for the changes and setting out your options, you should contact us within 10 days to arrange return if requested. London Gay Men’s Chorus will be responsible for paying shipment costs if return is requested. You will be given the option to have the Goods replaced with those ordered (if available) or to be refunded through the payment method used by you when purchasing the Goods. Refunds and replacements will be issued upon our receipt of the returned Goods if we request return.
If any Goods you have purchased have faults when they are delivered to you, you should contact London Gay Men’s Chorus within 28 days to arrange collection and return if required. London Gay Men’s Chorus will be responsible for paying shipment costs if we request return. We may ask you to return Goods in their original packaging and with original documentation if needed. Upon receipt of the returned Goods, the price of the Goods, as paid by you, will be refunded to you as we agree with you.
If Goods are damaged in transit and the damage is apparent on delivery, you should sign the delivery note to the effect that the goods have been damaged. In any event, you should report such damage to London Gay Men’s Chorus immediately and arrange collection and return if necessary. London Gay Men’s Chorus will refund shipment costs only if we ask you to return the goods. Upon receipt of the returned Goods, the price of the Goods, as paid by you, will be refunded to you through the payment method used by you when purchasing the Goods.
You have a statutory right to a ‘cooling off’ period. This period begins once your order is complete and ends 7 working days after the Goods have been delivered. If you change your mind about the goods within this period, please return them to London Gay Men’s Chorus within 7 working days of receipt. You are responsible for paying shipment costs if Goods are returned for this reason.
If you wish to return Goods to London Gay Men’s Chorus for any of the above reasons, please contact us using at general-manager@lgmc.org.uk to make the appropriate arrangements.
London Gay Men’s Chorus reserves the right to exercise discretion with respect to any returns under these Terms and Conditions. Factors which may be taken into account in the exercise of this discretion include, but are not limited to:
Any use or enjoyment that you may have already had out of the Goods.
Any characteristics of the Goods which may cause them to deteriorate or expire rapidly.
The fact that the Goods consist of audio or video recordings or computer software and that the packaging has been opened.
Any discounts that may have formed part of the purchase price of the Goods to reflect any lack of quality made known to the Customer at the time of purchase.
Such discretion to be exercised only within the confines of the law.
Privacy
Use of the Website is also governed by our Privacy Policy which is incorporated into these terms and conditions by this reference. To view the Privacy Policy, please click on the link on the website.
This Website places a ‘cookie’ onto your computer or device solely for the purpose of identifying a returning visitor within our website statistics. The shop facility provided by Shopify uses cookies during the specific session to allow the shopping cart and payment systems to work. These cookies are used for the purposes described herein.
By accepting these terms and conditions, you are giving consent to London Gay Men’s Chorus to place cookies on your computer or device. Please read the information contained in the Privacy Policy prior to acceptance.
Disclaimers
London Gay Men’s Chorus makes no warranty or representation that the Website will meet your requirements, that it will be of satisfactory quality, that it will be fit for a particular purpose, that it will not infringe the rights of third parties, that it will be compatible with all systems, that it will be secure and that all information provided will be accurate. We make no guarantee of any specific results from the use of our Services.
No part of this Website is intended to constitute advice and the Content of this Website should not be relied upon when making any decisions or taking any action of any kind.
No part of this Website is intended to constitute a contractual offer capable of acceptance.
Whilst London Gay Men’s Chorus uses reasonable endeavours to ensure that the Website is secure and free of errors, viruses and other malware, all Users are advised to take responsibility for their own security, that of their personal details and their computers.
Changes to the Service and these Terms and Conditions
London Gay Men’s Chorus reserves the right to change the Website, its Content or these Terms and Conditions at any time. You will be bound by any changes to the Terms and Conditions from the first time you use the Website following the changes. If London Gay Men’s Chorus is required to make any changes to Terms and Conditions relating to sale of Goods by law, these changes will apply automatically to any orders currently pending in addition to any orders placed by you in the future.
Availability of the Website
The Website is provided ‘as is’ and on an ‘as available’ basis. We give no warranty that the Service will be free of defects and / or faults. To the maximum extent permitted by the law we provide no warranties (express or implied) of fitness for a particular purpose, accuracy of information, compatibility and satisfactory quality.
London Gay Men’s Chorus accepts no liability for any disruption or non-availability of the Website resulting from external causes including, but not limited to, ISP equipment failure, host equipment failure, communications network failure, power failure, natural events, acts of war or legal restrictions and censorship.
Limitation of Liability
To the maximum extent permitted by law, London Gay Men’s Chorus accepts no liability for any direct or indirect loss or damage, foreseeable or otherwise, including any indirect, consequential, special or exemplary damages arising from the use of the Website or any information contained therein. Users should be aware that they use the Website and its Content at their own risk.
Nothing in these Terms and Conditions excludes or restricts London Gay Men’s Chorus’ liability for death or personal injury resulting from any negligence or fraud on the part of London Gay Men’s Chorus.
Nothing in these Terms and Conditions excludes or restricts London Gay Men’s Chorus’ liability for any direct or indirect loss or damage arising out of the incorrect delivery of Goods or out of reliance on incorrect information included on the Website.
Whilst every effort has been made to ensure that these Terms and Conditions adhere strictly with the relevant provisions of the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977, in the event that any of these terms are found to be unlawful, invalid or otherwise unenforceable, that term is to be deemed severed from these Terms and Conditions and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining Terms and Conditions. This term shall apply only within jurisdictions where a particular term is illegal.
No Waiver
In the event that any party to these Terms and Conditions fails to exercise any right or remedy contained herein, this shall not be construed as a waiver of that right or remedy.
Previous Terms and Conditions
In the event of any conflict between these Terms and Conditions and any prior versions thereof, the provisions of these Terms and Conditions shall prevail unless it is expressly stated otherwise.
Third Party Rights
Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall confer any rights upon any third party. The agreement created by these Terms and Conditions is between you and London Gay Men’s Chorus.
Communications
All notices / communications shall be given to us either by post to our Premises (see address above) or by email to general-manager@lgmc.org.uk. Such notice will be deemed received 3 days after posting if sent by first class post, the day of sending if the email is received in full on a business day and on the next business day if the email is sent on a weekend or public holiday.
London Gay Men’s Chorus may from time to time send you information about our products and/or services. If you do not wish to receive such information, please click on the unsubscribe link if there is one such as on our newsletter, or email general-manager@lgmc.org.uk.
Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms and Conditions and the relationship between you and London Gay Men’s Chorus shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Law of England and Wales and London Gay Men’s Chorus and you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of England and Wales.
Scroll
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.AcceptDecline