https://www.fiestaweb.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:
Fiesta Health Web ("Fiesta Health Web")
operates https://www.fiestaweb.org and may operate other websites. It
is Fiesta Health Web's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Fiesta Health Web collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Fiesta Health Web's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how Fiesta Health Web's visitors use its website. From time to
time, Fiesta Health Web may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Fiesta Health Web also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on https://www.fiestaweb.org
blogs/sites. Fiesta Health Web only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Fiesta Health Web's websites choose to interact
with Fiesta Health Web in ways that require Fiesta Health Web to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Fiesta Health Web gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at https://www.fiestaweb.org to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Fiesta Health Web are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Fiesta Health Web collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
Fiesta Health Web. Fiesta Health Web does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Fiesta Health Web may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Fiesta Health Web may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Fiesta Health Web does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Fiesta Health Web discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on Fiesta Health Web's behalf or to provide services available
at Fiesta Health Web's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using Fiesta Health Web's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. Fiesta Health Web will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Fiesta Health Web discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when Fiesta Health Web believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Fiesta Health Web, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Fiesta Health Web website and have supplied your email address, Fiesta Health Web
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with Fiesta Health Web and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Fiesta Health Web takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Fiesta Health Web uses cookies to
help Fiesta Health Web identify and track visitors, their usage of Fiesta Health Web
website, and their website access preferences. Fiesta Health Web visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using Fiesta Health Web's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of Fiesta Health Web's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Fiesta Health Web, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Fiesta Health Web goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of Fiesta Health Web may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by Fiesta Health Web and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Fiesta Health Web may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Fiesta Health Web's sole
discretion. Fiesta Health Web encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a https://www.fiestaweb.org account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Follow us
twitter
pinterest
Recent Posts
The Benefits of Bodybuilding
Things to Know About Ligandrol
Top 2 Plastic Surgery Procedures to Keep Your Body in Shape
Distinct Features of Red Vein Kratoms
Health Benefits of Listening to Music
What to Know About Clinical Trials
Everything You Should to Know About Essential Oil Diffusers
Pages
Contact Us
Facebook Demo
Facebook Demo
My Instagram Feed Demo
My Instagram Feed Demo
Obesity
Privacy Policy
Terms And Conditions
The Team
Tagsbest
bleaching creams
bodybuilding
buy Nootropics
Caring
chemist
Chiropractor
choosing Nootropics
dental care
dental health
dental implants
dentist
exercise
Eye sight
Eye Surgery
food supplements
health
Hiring
home training
Immunization
mattress
Medication
Medicine
Music
Musician
obese
omega-3
Pain
personal trainer
pharmaceutical distributors
pharmacy
physical therapy
postnatal
pregnancy
pregnancy test kit
Reputable
Skin lightening
supplemets
Surgery
Teeth
therapist
Vaccines
Vision
weight loss
workout
BMI Calculator
BMI Calculator
Imperial
Metric
Height
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
ft
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
in
Weight: lbs
Height: cm
Weight: kg
Calculate
Warning:
file_get_contents(http://pest-exterminator-polly-10382.netlify.com/app.json): failed to open stream: HTTP request failed! HTTP/1.0 404 Not Found
in /home/frenchwi/public_html/fiestaweb.org/wp-content/plugins/easy-bmi-calculator/template.php on line 67
Powered by Easy BMI Calculator
Categories
Beauty
Bodybuilding
Dental Care
dental implants
Fitness & Health
Health
Healthcare Systems
pharmacy
Physical Therapy
Pregnancy
Product
Supplements
Weight Loss
Yoga & Wellness