http://www.saxophone.org/privacy-policy
Saxophone Museum
Saxophones
Mouthpieces
Serial Numbers
Publications
Histories
Special Exhibits
Factory Tours
About
Forum
The Main Forum
Forum Policies
FAQ
Create a New Discussion
Trading Post
Saxophones For Sale
Mouthpieces For Sale
Other Instruments For Sale
CD's For Sale
Accessories For Sale
Wanted / Looking For
Terms of Use
Sell or Trade an Item
Add a Wanted / Looking For
Submit a Consignment
Video & Audio
Video Gallery
Audio Gallery
Add Video
Add Audio
Reviews
Album Reviews
Instrument Reviews
Ligature Reviews
Mouthpiece Reviews
Teaching Aids Reviews
Add an Album Reviews
Add an Instrument Reviews
Add a Ligature Reviews
Add a Mouthpiece Reviews
Add a Teaching Aids Reviews
Resources
Saxophone Buyers' Guide
Guest Articles
News
Links
Calendar
Teacher Directory
Add a Link
Add a Calendar Event
Add Teacher Listing
Members
My Profile
Members Online
Search Members
Contribute
Free Drawing
Free Drawing
Past Winners
Store
Sponsors
View Sponsors
Advertise With Us
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect? We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for? Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs).
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you).
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs).
To process transactions:
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic emails:
The email address you provide when registering, may be used to send you information and updates about the site, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.How do we protect your information? We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies? Yes! Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your web browser, if you allow, that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties? We DO NOT sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceBecause we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into the site and going to their 'my profile' page and clicking 'Edit'.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of the trading post on our website at Terms of Use.
Your Consent By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the link below. Contact Us