http://www.lessonrating.com/terms.html
Fees
Fees are paid by credit card or check when paid services are requested.
Refunds
LessonRating.com has a no refund policy. Any members who have issues with a paid service should contact us for assistance.
Cancellation
Once a member has purchased a subscription, they will have access to their account until their subscription expires. Members can cancel their account at any time and for any reason. Upon cancellation, members may also request that their profile information be removed from the directory.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify LessonRating.com and its affiliates, agents, officers, employees and partners from any damages, losses, costs, or expenses incurred through the use of the Site or any services contained therein.
Modifications To Services
LessonRating.com reserves the right to modify, suspend, or discontinue service at any time for any reason without notice. Furthermore, we reserve the right to modify the prices or cost of any service at any time. Modifications to prices or costs will be displayed on the Site (usually on the Teacher Signup page) and/or sent via email to current members.
Copyright And Content Ownership
LessonRating.com owns all content of the Site created by us including, but not limited to, copy, code, images and other media files. We claim no ownership of user-submitted data and media; however, we do reserve the right to use such content to promote the Site. We are not responsible for any content or material posted by any user of the Site, even if the content or material can be accessed through the Site.
General Terms
You understand that you are using the Site at your own risk and that the services on the Site are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis.
You agree not to copy, reproduce, resell, or exploit any portion of the service without the express written consent of LessonRating.com.
You agree not to use the site or any service therein to send SPAM messages to anyone. Any message sent to a member of the Site which does not inquire about the procurement of lessons from that member will be considered SPAM. Any SPAM will be logged, tracked, and prosecuted to the FULLEST extent of the law.
Content posted to the Site outside of an account or profile is the responsibility of the poster.
LessonRating.com does not guarantee or warrant that the Site or services contained therein will meet your specific needs, will be timely, uninterrupted, secure or free of faults, nor do we warrant the reliability or accuracy of the results obtained through the use of the Site.
LessonRating.com and its affiliates, officers, agents, employees and partners are not liable for any damages resulting from the use of the Site or its services.
If any right, provision or portion of the Terms of Use is deemed invalid or unenforceable, the validity and enforcement of the remaining rights and provisions shall continue to be held in full force and effect. The failure of LessonRating.com to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
The Terms of Use constitutes the entire agreement between you and LessonRating.com and governs your use of the Site, superseding any prior agreements between you and LessonRating.com, whether oral or written, with respect to the use of the Site and any services contained therein.
Violation
Please report any violation of the Terms of Use via our contact page.
Privacy Policy
To read our Privacy Policy, click here.
Questions
Questions about the Terms of Use should be submitted here.
.