http://www.naea-reston.org/privacy/
Skip to content
About The NAEA
Learning
Reseach
Advocacy
Events
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Instagram
Disclaimer This is NOT the official website of the NAEA.
The content contained in this site is provided for informational and reviewing purposes only.
The views and opinions expressed in this site are exclusively those of the author(s).
To learn more about the NAEA, please visit their official website.
From The Blog
The Art of Fitness
When The Teacher Is The Student
7 ways arts in education benefit kids to no-end
Teaching Students To Be Proactive In Art
New Ways Of Developing Opportunities To Make Students Grow
Rising To Art Competence
Art And Meditation Go Hand In Hand
Student Art Grants By The Numbers
Teaching Students To Derive Meaning From Art
Showing Art Students The Value Of Problem Solving
6 Things to Consider when trying to Host a Stress-Free Student Art Show
Methods and Tips for Assessing Your Students
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. Got it