http://www.scpr.org/terms/
About Us
Connect with KPCC
Contact us
Become a source
Share a news tip
Learn more about us
About KPCC
People
Staff Directory
Executive leadership
Board of Trustees
Regional Advisory Council
Careers
@KPCC
KPCC
Donate Now
Donate
Menu
Close
Back
Listen LiveNo matter where you are or what device you use to listen to KPCC, we've got you covered.
Sign up for alerts
Become a KPCC Sponsor
Get KPCC in your inbox
Breaking news alerts sent to your inbox
Subscribe
Or, check out all our newsletters >
Popular now on KPCC
VIEWED
DISCUSSED
House Oversight Committee Chair: Testimony Points To Political Interference At CDC
Idaho Anne Frank Memorial Defaced With Nazi Propaganda
Newly Sworn-In GOP N.H. House Speaker Dies Of COVID-19, Autopsy Shows
Challenging The NCAA: HBCUs Say No More Discrimination In Academic Rules
Challenging The NCAA: HBCUs Say No More Discrimination In Academic Rules
Newly Sworn-In GOP N.H. House Speaker Dies Of COVID-19, Autopsy Shows
Idaho Anne Frank Memorial Defaced With Nazi Propaganda
House Oversight Committee Chair: Testimony Points To Political Interference At CDC
Become a KPCC Sponsor
Terms of Use
Please read these terms of use carefully before using this site.
Your use of this site means that you agree to these terms of use. If you do not agree to these terms of use, do not use the site.
Main Terms of Use
Links to KPCC Web Pages
User Submissions Terms of Use
Requests for Permission
How to Make A Claim of Copyright Infringement
This site contains intellectual property owned by Southern California Public Radio (SCPR) and others. Southern California Public Radio is the operator of KPCC and KUOR, and the licensee of KVLA. When we refer to KPCC, KUOR or KVLA in these Terms of Use, we are referring to the Terms of Use for Southern California Public Radio. No material from SCPR or any Web site owned, operated, licensed or controlled by SCPR or any of its related, affiliated or subsidiary companies (collectively, "SCPR"), may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, without the prior written permission of SCPR, except that you may download one copy of the materials on any single computer for your personal, non-commercial home use only, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. Modification of the materials or use of the materials for any other purpose is a violation of SCPR’s copyright and other proprietary rights.
If you download software from SCPR, the software, including any files, images incorporated in or generated by the software, and data accompanying the software (collectively, the "Software") are licensed to you by SCPR. SCPR does not transfer title to the Software to you. You own the medium on which the Software is recorded, but SCPR retains full and complete title to the Software and all intellectual property rights therein. You may not redistribute, sell, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or otherwise reduce the Software to a human-perceivable form.
This site is controlled and operated by SCPR from its offices within the State of California, United States of America. Anyone who accesses this site from other locations does so on their own initiative and is responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. Software from this site is further subject to United States export controls. No software from this site may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported into (or to a national or resident of) of any country to which the US has restricted exports. By downloading or using the Software, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country.
This agreement is effective until terminated by either party. Upon termination you must destroy all materials obtained from any and all SCPR site(s) and all related documentation and all copies and installations thereof, whether made under the terms of this agreement or otherwise.
The materials in this site are provided "AS IS" and without warranties of any kind, either express or implied. SCPR does not warrant that the functions contained in the materials will be uninterrupted or error-free or that defects will be corrected. SCPR also does not warrant that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components.
Please note: Links are provided for reference purposes only. SCPR has not evaluated the information provided on every site it links to, and their appearance here does not constitute an endorsement of any organization.
This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California.
Links to SCPR Web Pages
You may link to individual pages within SCPR Web sites, but you must do so in a way that presents the page in its entirety. You may not cause an SCPR Web page to appear within the frame of another site nor may you link to individual page elements such as a graphic or photograph. You may not link directly to an SCPR audio file or to an audio stream; you must link to the SCPR page from which the file is accessed.
Links to SCPR Web pages may be presented in text format only. SCPR-owned marks, logos, photos, or other images may not be used in association with links without express permission.
Links to SCPR sites are made at the webmaster's own risk. SCPR reserves the right to change site structure and page filenames, which may result in broken links from external sites.
User Submissions Terms of Use
User submissions include, but are not limited to, comments on any SCPR blogs or stories, photos submitted to the SCPR Web site either directly or via a photo sharing site, and all other content provided to any SCPR Web sites by a site visitor.
1. You are responsible for all of your submissions.
You may not post any messages misrepresenting yourself as someone else, or by using a false e-mail address. You must post under your own real name and provide a valid e-mail address, and are responsible for all posts you make.
2. Your submissions may not infringe upon others' use and enjoyment of the SCPR Web sites.
Do not post any material or links to material that is libelous, defamatory, false, obscene, violent, abusive, threatening, harassing, prejudicial, employing profanity, or is otherwise in violation of the law or SCPR's guidelines. (If you see a violation of this policy in an SCPR discussion space, please report it on our Contact form.)
3. You must have the rights to what you submit.
You may only submit content for which you have the copyright or other specific permission to distribute electronically. You may not violate, plagiarize, or infringe on the rights of third parties including copyright, trademark, trade secret, privacy, or proprietary rights. You acknowledge that any submitted materials are in the public domain, or that you own the rights to publish them.
4. You grant us limited rights to what you submit.
When you submit materials to SCPR Web sites, you grant us an irrevocable, nonexclusive, royalty-free license to redistribute or republish the information in any medium or form.
5. You may not submit content for commercial purposes.
You cannot use SCPR Web sites, including but not limited to blogs, for commercial purposes, nor to distribute or otherwise publish any material containing requests for money, advertising, or solicitations and promotions of goods and services.
6. You hold us harmless.
SCPR does not endorse and is not responsible for any statement, opinion, or advice given or made by anyone other than authorized SCPR representatives. All postings are those of the author, and you rely on such information at your own risk.
7. Your submission may be removed by us at our discretion, for any reason.
We will remove from the site any comment that violates our guidelines. In instances of willful abuse, we reserve the right to take whatever action we determine appropriate, including the termination of access privileges and legal action.
8. You agree to protect your and others' personal information.
Do not include personal contact information (your own or anyone else's), such as phone numbers, home addresses, screen names for instant messaging, or e-mail addresses. Posts containing this kind of information may be removed.
9. We may read all or part of your comment on the air.
We reserve the right to read on the air all or part of any comment posted to our site, at our discretion. When we do this, we will identify the comment author by first name only, for example, "Jose in Burbank said on our blog..."
10. We will not edit your comments online.
As a rule, we do not edit comments for content, spelling, grammar, or space. If it's way too long or too unreadable, we will remove it. Otherwise, it will stay up exactly as you wrote it.
11. We will not remove comments by request.
Comments will not be removed or edited by request after they are posted, and may be found on the site long after they are posted. Please think before you post. Be aware that someone who shares your name may post a comment that you disagree with. This is the nature of multiple people having the same name. We will not remove comments due to concerns over authorship or appearance of authorship, or for any reason other than our own editorial judgment.
12. You agree to write properly.
Correct grammar, spelling, and punctuation make it easier for everyone to understand your ideas. Posts that are so riddled with errors as to be unreadable will be removed. ALL CAPS is very difficult to read; comments submitted in ALL CAPS may be removed.
13. You agree to be concise and stay on topic.
Keep comments brief and relevant to the topic under discussion. Long rambling screeds and tangents will be removed. Please post your comment only once.
See also the Southern California Public Radio Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about our terms of use or privacy policy, please contact us.
Requests for Permission
Requests for permission to republish SCPR content in any form should be submitted using our online request form.
If you have questions about the process or problems with the request form, please contact the permissions coordinator at permissions@mpr.org or 651.290.1199.
How to Make A Claim of Copyright Infringement
Southern California Public Radio and its affiliated companies respect the intellectual property of others and we ask those posting to this site to do the same. If you believe that your copyrighted work has been copied and is accessible on this site in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, you may notify us by providing our copyright agent with the following information:
1. The electronic or physical signature of the owner of the copyright or the person authorized to act on the owner's behalf.
2. A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed and a description of the infringing activity.
3. Identification of the location where the original or an authorized copy of the copyrighted work exists, for example the URL of the Web site where it is posted or the name of the book in which it has been published.
4. Identification of the URL or other specific location of this site where the material that you claim is infringing is located; you must include enough information to allow us to locate the material.
5. Your name, address, telephone number, fax number, and e-mail address.
6. A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
7. A statement by you, made under penalty or perjury, that the above information in your Notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
Our agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement on this site can be reached as follows:
By mail:
Rocky Rothrock
Paralegal
Southern California Public Radio
480 Cedar Street
Saint Paul, MN 55101
By Phone: 651-290-1199
By Fax: 651-290-1243
By e-mail: rrothrock@scpr.org
This contact information is only for reporting copyright infringement.
© 2015 Southern California Public Radio. All rights reserved.
Play
Pause
/
Download
Mute
Unmute
X