https://www.brb.org.uk/privacy-policy
UPDATE: Latest news on performances of The NutcrackerBasketMy AccountWhat's On Shows Venues Calendar First Steps BRB + Groups The Company Dancers & Ballet Staff Royal Ballet Sinfonia Staff The Jerwood Centre Jobs News & Features Get Involved Dance Track Community Groups Ballet Training Schools & Colleges LEAP Ambassadors Freefall Dance Company Volunteering opportunities Join and Support Make a donation The Dancers' Circle BRB Friends Corporate Opportunities The De Valois Legacy Circle Trusts & Foundations Shop Shop Brandon Lawrence for Dansez DonateMy AccountBasketSearchBirmingham Royal Ballet is committed to protecting your privacy. We will use the personal information that we collect about you in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation.
This privacy notice sets out how Birmingham Royal Ballet (we) collect, use and share your personal information.
The personal information we collect and process
When you use the Birmingham Royal Ballet websiteWe receive and store certain details whenever you use the Birmingham Royal Ballet website. We log your computer’s IP address and the requests it makes to our servers. Our website uses cookies to enable online transactions, to understand how people use our website and to inform our digital advertising.
More on our use of cookies here.When you buy something from or donate to Birmingham Royal BalletWe collect your name and contact details (including home address, email address and telephone number) when you buy memberships, book events, make other purchases or donations on our website, over the phone or as part of one of our appeals. We maintain a record of your transaction history, but we never store your credit card number.When you give us personal informationWe keep your details when you sign up to receive emails from us.
When we email youWe keep a record of the emails we send you, and we may track whether you receive or open them (if your email software provides this information). If you click on a link in an email, we will log this.
Sensitive personal informationSometimes we may ask you to provide sensitive personal information (such as details about a disability), when you book for certain events or participate in some activities, or when you apply for a job. As with all the personal information we hold, sensitive personal information is held securely and restricted to those who need to use it. We will delete sensitive personal information when we no longer need it.
How we hold your personal informationYour personal information may be held and processed on Birmingham Royal Ballet systems or systems managed by suppliers on behalf of Birmingham Royal Ballet, on secure servers based within the UK or European Economic Area. We maintain a customer relationship management (CRM) system to hold contact details and a record of your interactions with Birmingham Royal Ballet such as donations, memberships, queries, complaints and attendance at special events. Where possible we aim to keep a single record for each customer. This is presently supported by our use of Mailchimp as a means of both sending marketing communications to you but also allowing you an effective way to update your contact details before being exported back to our CRM system.
Your personal information is always held securely. Access to customer information is strictly controlled. The CRM system can only be accessed by people who need it to do their job. Certain personal information, for example some sensitive personal information (as described above), is additionally restricted and is only made visible to members of staff who have a reason to work with it.
We will only process data for children under the age of 16 with the express consent of a parent or guardian.
What we use your personal information forTo provide goods and services to you We use your personal information (including your name, contact details and transaction history) to fulfil your orders, process memberships, purchases and donations and book events,provide customer services and for analysis (please see the fundraising section below). We may share your personal information with other organisations for these purposes - for example with Eventbrite or Morepay, third party organisations which processes online payments. We require such organisations to meet our standards for handling personal information, and to confirm that the personal information is only used for the agreed purpose. We will not otherwise share your personal information with third party organisations except as described below.
To update you about our future events, products or appealsWe will only contact you for marketing and fundraising purposes if you have opted in to receive such communications. To opt out of such communications see below.
For marketing and fundraising analysis   Birmingham Royal Ballet is a charity, and we actively fundraise to support a broad range of projects and our ongoing work. We keep a record in our database of your donations to Birmingham Royal Ballet, including payments in relation to memberships.
We use some of the personal information we collect about you, such as the record of the events you have attended, and what you’ve told us you’re interested in, to tailor the marketing and fundraising communications we send to you so you are more likely to receive fundraising communications or invitations to support us which are relevant to you.
We have a duty to make sure that we’re spending your contributions and donations wisely, and that means doing some research and analysis to inform our decisions. We want to send the most effective messages that we can in the most efficient way possible in order to fundraise economically.  In order to work out who to contact, what to say, when to get in touch, and to identify people most likely to be interested in supporting our work and who may be able to support that work by way of donations, we carry out the following activities in regard to your personal information:
Segmentation – this is where we analyse personal information such as postcodes of donors, previous donations, transaction history and whether donations have been given regularly. This helps us to provide you with the most relevant information about our fundraising activities, to help you identify appropriate additional opportunities to get involved with and support Birmingham Royal Ballet.
Database - we may also note other relevant personal information about you in our database. This could be information that you have given us yourself (when you book tickets or make a donation), information from publicly available sources (as part of profiling - see below), or (with your consent), information shared with us by other organisations.Profiling – we occasionally undertake research and analysis to build a more accurate picture of our core supporters and stakeholders, and to identify potential new donors. We use publicly available records such as Trustfunding, Zoopla, LinkedIn and Companies House. We use this personal information to inform our decisions on supporter communications and to build a more accurate picture of which events may be of most interest. Before seeking or accepting major donations Birmingham
Royal Ballet conducts a minimum level of due
diligence, including reviewing publicly available
data. Due diligence is conducted in accordance with Birmingham
Royal Ballet’s gift acceptance policy.Opting into and out of marketing and fundraising communicationsWhen you register for communications via our website you can choose whether you would like to receive marketing and fundraising communications from Birmingham Royal Ballet by email, post or telephone. You can manage your preferences at any time by clicking on the preferences link in emails sent from bulletin@brb.org.uk, contacting us directly by replying to emails from bulletin@brb.org.uk or calling us on 0121 245 3525. We will not contact you for marketing and fundraising purposes unless one of these boxes is ticked. We will include information on how to opt-out and unsubscribe from our communications in any marketing or fundraising communications you receive from us.
Sharing your personal information with related organisations   Birmingham Royal Ballet works in partnership with other arts and cultural organisations such as our home theatre Birmingham Hippodrome and other venues across the United Kingdom. On occasions we may ask, in respect of specific events, programmes or schemes whether we may share your name and address with a named third party for particular purposes.  We will ask you to opt in to any such sharing for both the named organisation and the purposes stated.
If you would like us to stop sending your personal information to our partners, you can change your preferences by emailing bulletin@brb.org.uk. If we have already given your personal information to another company, we can’t remove you from their mailing list. To opt in or out of marketing or other communications from another company, please get in touch with them directly. They should always provide instructions for opting out in any marketing or other communications you receive from them.
Other communicationsIf you have opted out of marketing communications, we may still get in touch with you for other reasons. For example we may email you to give you important information about the events you’ve booked or to tell you about any changes to those events.
Your rights
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal information.
If the personal information we hold about you is incorrect you can ask us to correct it.
You have the right to ask us to delete the personal information that we hold about you.
You have a right to ask us to restrict how we use your personal information.
If we change the way that we use your personal information at any point, we will amend this privacy notice and send the updated version to you no less than four weeks before we make the change.
You also have a right to know what personal information we are holding about you (including in a format which is compatible with your computer system).
If you would like to know what personal information we are holding about you, please submit a request via yourdata@brb.org.uk. We may require you to verify your identity before we provide you with the requested personal information.How long will we keep your personal information for?
We will keep your personal information for only as long as we need to in accordance with our legal and regulatory requirements. In practice this means that we keep your personal information for 7 years in most cases.
Legal grounds for using your personal information
This section contains information about the legal basis for us handling your personal information.
Necessary for a contractWe will need to use your personal information in order to perform our obligations under our contracts with you.  For example, we need your name, address and contact details so that we can process your bookings or administer your donations.
Legitimate interestsThis means that the processing is necessary for our legitimate interests (except where the processing is unfair to you). Birmingham Royal Ballet relies on this right to hold and use personal information to pursue its legitimate interests in relation to a number of the ways.
Specifically, Birmingham Royal Ballet has a legitimate interest in:
Promoting the objects and interests Birmingham Royal Ballet (which includes fundraising).
Ensuring that all relevant legal obligations of Birmingham Royal Ballet are complied with.
If you object to us using your personal information where we are relying on our legitimate interests in doing so, as explained above, please contact yourdata@brb.org.uk
Consent We may ask for your consent to use your personal information in certain ways.  If we ask for your consent to use your personal information you can withdraw this consent at any time. Any use of your personal information before you withdraw your consent remains valid and lawful. Please contact bulletin@brb.org.uk if you would like to withdraw any consent given.
Things we will not do
We will not ordinarily share your personal information with any third parties (save as set out in this privacy notice). Occasionally, we may need to share your personal information with others, for example, we may need to share your personal information with our legal advisors if you make a complaint about us.
We will not subject your personal information to automated decisions.
Contact us
Questions, comments  or requests regarding this privacy notice should be addressed yourdata@brb.org.uk
If you consider that we have not acted properly when using your personal information you can contact the Information Commissioner's Office: ico.org.ukBirmingham Royal Ballet is a charitable company limited by guarantee registered in England and Wales, with company number 03320538, charity number 1061012 and registered office at Thorp Street Birmingham B5 4AU.