http://www.slamdance.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to contentOur Commitment To PrivacyYour privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.The Information We CollectThis notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Slamdance website. On some pages, you can register for services, submit an entry to our various competitions, or sign up for email. The types of personal information collected at these include:• Name • Address • E-mail address • Phone number • Credit/Debit card information • OrganizationThe Way We Use InformationWe use the information you provide about yourself when submitting a competition entry only to contact you as required by the rules of competition. We do not share this information with outside parties. We use the information you provide about yourself when registering for services or email only to contact you at your request. We do not share this information with outside parties. We use return email addresses to answer the emails we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals. Finally, we NEVER use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.Our Commitment To Data SecurityTo prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.Our Commitment To Children's PrivacyProtecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.How You Can Access Or Correct Your InformationYou can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by calling our office. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information. You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.How To Contact UsShould you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call (323.466.1786) or send us an email to submissions@gmail.com Scroll to top