http://www.playwrightshorizons.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to Main ContentPrivacy PolicyWe value your privacy at Playwrights Horizons. This policy explains what personally identifiable information we collect from you, how we use the information you give us, with whom we share that information, security features to keep your information safe, and your ability to either update your information or opt out of other forms of communication from Playwrights Horizons. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable, such as your name, address, email address, phone number, credit card information, or other information that is not otherwise publicly available. We do not solicit personal information from children.What personally identifiable information do we collect from you?We collect information volunteered by you, the consumer, such as name, street address, email address, telephone number(s), and payment information (e.g., credit card number and billing address).  You may purchase tickets and remain anonymous if you choose to pay by cash in person at our Ticket Central Box Office, located at 416 West 42 Street.If you make a donation or purchase tickets or a season package to Playwrights Horizons, you will be asked to provide the information mentioned above. Please note that we ask for this information for the purposes of creating your account, providing the services that may be part of your season package or donor benefits, and authenticating your identity in order to complete the transaction.  Playwrights Horizons’ web server does not automatically recognize information regarding the domain or email address of visitors to the website. Cookies are stored if and when you sign in to your Ticket Central account on our Playwrights Ticketing website. Your name and whether you have an account will be stored as cookies on your machine. Your email address or any other information will not be stored. We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies. How do we use and with whom do we share the personal information you give us?The information we collect is used internally and is shared with third parties, which provide services to us such as ticket transactions, hosting our email and postal address data, and the back-up of our data. Third parties do not have the right to use the personally identifiable information we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us in providing our services to you.If you supply us with your postal address or email address you may receive periodic mailings from Playwrights Horizons with information on upcoming events, new services, or merchandise. You may also receive postal mailings from other arts organizations in the New York City area. We reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law, and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process.What security procedures do we have in place to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, or alterations?Playwrights Horizons operates under a Secure Sockets Layer licensed by thawte Inc.  It is the leading security protocol on the Internet. The thawte SSL Web Server authenticates procedures and provides encryption to ensure that information is kept private while in transit between Playwrights Horizons web server and your web browser.All credit card transactions are encrypted in transit. Once an order has been fulfilled, the credit card information is removed from the online history. We do not store any credit card information on our web site.Online single ticket sales for all Playwrights Horizons’ shows are transacted by Ticket Central (www.ticketcentral.com). Playwrights Horizons is the umbrella organization for Ticket Central, and Playwrights Horizons works closely with Ticket Central. This privacy policy governs personal information gathered on our website (www.playwrightshorizons.org) but not the site of ticketcentral.com. Ticket Central has its own privacy and security policies for its web site, consistent with the policy established by Playwrights Horizons, whether that site is a sub-domain of www.playwrightshorizons.org or is hosted independently of Playwrights Horizons.  We encourage you to review the privacy policy and terms and conditions of Ticket Central.This website may contain links to other sites not under the Playwrights Horizons umbrella.  Please be aware that Playwrights Horizons is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of other sites not under the Playwrights Horizons umbrella. How do you update your personal information or opt out of other forms of communication from Playwrights Horizons?You can correct or update your personal information by sending an email to info@phnyc.org with the corrections or by calling the number provided on this website.If you do not wish to receive emails, mailings, or other forms of communication from Playwrights Horizons or third parties please let us know by emailing info@phnyc.org or by calling the number provided on this website. Please include all applicable information including name, address, phone number, and subscriber identification number, and identify what services you are choosing to opt out of.Changes to this Privacy PolicyFrom time to time, we may use customer information for unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy policy. If our information practices change at any time in the future we will post the policy changes to our web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses at that time.Disclaimer       While Playwrights Horizons uses safety measures to guard against the loss or misuse of your personally identifiable information, we expressly disclaim any liability for any loss, misuse, or alteration of your personal information. If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the address or phone number below. Contact InformationPlaywrights Horizons416 West 42nd StreetNew York, NY 10036212 564 1235info@phnyc.org