http://www.barnesandnoble.com/h/help/about/terms-of-use
×
Uh-oh, it looks like your Internet Explorer is out of date.
For a better shopping experience, please upgrade now.
Welcome to the Barnes & Noble.com website (the "Barnes & Noble.com Site"), a website owned and operated by Barnes & Noble Booksellers, Inc. For terms and conditions applicable to Digital Content (as defined below), please refer to the NOOK Store Terms of Service.The terms and conditions stated below, along with the policies and guidelines located throughout the Barnes & Noble.com Site (collectively herein the "Terms of Use") identify what a user of the Barnes & Noble.com Site ("you" or "your" or "User" or "Users") can expect from Barnes & Noble Booksellers, Inc., its parent, subsidiaries, and affiliates (together referred to herein as "Barnes & Noble", "we", "us" or "our"), and/or persons who provide products or services to Barnes & Noble customers either directly or through the Barnes & Noble.com Site ("Barnes & Noble.com Providers") and what Barnes & Noble in turn expects from Users. These Terms of Use constitute a legally binding agreement between you and Barnes & Noble. Please read these Terms of Use carefully before using the Barnes & Noble.com Site or Barnes & Noble.com Services (as defined below).By visiting any area on the Barnes & Noble.com Site, creating an account, making a purchase via the Barnes & Noble.com Site, downloading a Barnes & Noble retail software application ("Barnes & Noble Software") from the Barnes & Noble.com Site, joining any Barnes & Noble online interactive community, posting a review or creating a profile, or otherwise joining, viewing, visiting or contributing to Barnes & Noble user forums, blogs, or interactive features (all of the foregoing are sometimes referred to in this document as the "Barnes & Noble.com Services"), you agree that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by the Terms of Use. If you do not agree to be bound by these Terms of Use and to follow all applicable laws, you should leave the Barnes & Noble.com Site immediately. Separate terms and conditions apply to the purchase, download and use of digital content such as software applications, books, magazines, newspapers, periodicals, movies and television shows ("Digital Content"). To review the Terms of Service for the NOOK Store and such Digital Content, click here.1. LICENSES AND RESTRICTIONS1.1 Licenses. Barnes & Noble grants the User a limited, nonexclusive, revocable license to access and make personal, non-commercial use (unless User has a business relationship with Barnes & Noble documented in a separate agreement) of the Barnes & Noble.com Site, its Content (as that term is defined in Section 3 below), and the Barnes & Noble Software. Additional terms and conditions apply to User Created Content, as that term is defined in Section 11 below. Barnes & Noble further grants the User a limited, nonexclusive and revocable right to create a hyperlink to the Barnes & Noble.com Site so long as the link does not portray Barnes & Noble, its subsidiaries, and affiliates, or their respective products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter.1.2 Restrictions. The licenses in Section 1.1 do not include any rights to: (a) modify, download (other than page caching), reproduce, copy, or resell the Barnes & Noble.com Site, the Content or any portion or derivative thereof;(b) commercially use the Barnes & Noble.com Site, the Content or any portion derivative thereof (unless User has a business relationship with Barnes & Noble, in which case such commercial use will be governed by the terms applicable to such business relationship);(c) copy or download any User's account or profile information for the benefit of any third party;(d) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes that apply to the Barnes & Noble.com Site or its systems, the Content or any portion or derivative thereof;(e) use any robot, spider, data miner, crawler, scraper or other automated means to access or index the Barnes & Noble.com Site or its systems, the Content or any portion or derivative thereof for any purpose;(f) interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Barnes & Noble.com Site;(g) bypass any measures used by Barnes & Noble to prevent or restrict access to any portion of the Barnes & Noble.com Site, the Content or any portion or derivative thereof; (h) frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Barnes & Noble;(i) use Barnes & Noble's name, trademarks, services marks or logos in any meta tags or any other "hidden text"; or (j) compile, repackage, disseminate or otherwise use data extracted from the Barnes & Noble.com Site. The foregoing are expressly prohibited and the right to do any of the foregoing shall require Barnes & Noble's express written consent (which may include a written agreement signed by an authorized representative of Barnes & Noble). Any unauthorized use of the Barnes & Noble.com Site, the Content or any portion or derivative thereof shall terminate any license or permission granted by Barnes & Noble. 2. TRADEMARKSBarnes & Noble, or its parent, subsidiaries, or affiliates, or third parties from whom Barnes & Noble has permission, own the trademarks or service marks that are used on the Barnes & Noble.com Site. All rights are reserved. These and other graphics, logos, service marks, trademarks and trade dress of Barnes & Noble and its licensors may not be used without prior written consent of Barnes & Noble or its licensor, as the case may be. Without limiting the foregoing, no Barnes & Noble trademark or trade dress may be used in connection with any product or service that is not Barnes & Noble's, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among Users, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Barnes & Noble. To review a list of Barnes & Noble’s Trademarks, click here. 3. CONTENT3.1 Proprietary Rights. User acknowledges that the Barnes & Noble.com Site contains certain content (such as text, graphics, photographs, video, audio, code, and other data or information relating to any subject) ("Content"), that is protected by copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, or other proprietary rights, and that these rights are valid and protected in all forms, media and technologies existing now or hereinafter developed. All Content is or may be copyrighted as a collective work under the U.S. copyright laws, and Barnes & Noble owns a copyright in the selection, coordination, arrangement, and enhancement of such Content on the Barnes & Noble.com Site. User may not modify, remove, delete, augment, add to, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, create derivative works from, or in any way exploit any such Content, in whole or in part. If no specific restrictions are displayed, Users may make copies of select portions of the Content, provided that the copies are made only for User's personal use and that User maintains any notices contained in the Content, such as all copyright notices, trademark legends, or other proprietary rights notices. Except as provided in the preceding sentence or as permitted by the fair use privilege under the U.S. copyright laws (see, e.g., 17 U.S.C. Section 107), User may not upload, post, reproduce, or distribute in any way Content protected by copyright, or other proprietary right, without obtaining permission of the owner of the copyright or other property right. In addition to the foregoing, use of any software Content shall be governed by these terms and any software license agreement accompanying such software.3.2 Third-Party Content. Barnes & Noble is a distributor and not a publisher of Content supplied by third parties and Users. Barnes & Noble has no editorial control over such Content. Barnes & Noble is not obligated to review Content, including User Created Content, as that term is defined in Section 11 below. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information that constitutes part of Content, including User Created Content, expressed or made available by third parties, including any other User, are those of the respective authors or distributors and not of Barnes & Noble or any Barnes & Noble.com Provider, unless expressly stated otherwise. Neither Barnes & Noble nor any Barnes & Noble.com Provider makes any representation, warranty or guarantee on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any third party Content unless otherwise expressly stated. In many instances, the Content, including User Created Content, available through the Barnes & Noble.com Site represents the opinions and judgments of the third party that provides such Content. Under no circumstance shall either Barnes & Noble or any Barnes & Noble.com Provider be liable for any loss, damage or harm caused by a User's reliance on information obtained through the Barnes & Noble.com Site. It is the responsibility of User to evaluate the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of the information, opinion, advice, or Content, including User Created Content, available through the Barnes & Noble.com Site.4. PRICES4.1 Prices. The price for an item on the Barnes & Noble.com Site may differ from the price shown in a User's shopping cart and it is possible that such price may increase or decrease between the time the item is placed in a shopping cart and the time that the purchase is actually made. On rare occasions, an item may be priced incorrectly on the Barnes & Noble.com Site. If the price for the item on the Barnes & Noble.com Site is incorrect and is actually higher than the price provided at the time of purchase, then, at the sole discretion of Barnes & Noble, Barnes & Noble may either (a) contact the User for instructions before shipping the item or charging the User for such item; (b) cancel the order for such item and notify the User of such cancellation; or (c) ship the item at the incorrect price to the benefit of the User. 4.2 Notice. Please note that this policy regarding prices applies only to items sold and shipped by Barnes & Noble. Any purchases from any third-party sellers on the Barnes & Noble.com Site (e.g., sellers of products provided via Barnes & Noble BookQuest LLC) may be subject to different policies in the event of an incorrectly priced item.5. RISK OF LOSSThe risk of loss and title for all items purchased via the Barnes & Noble.com Site pass to the User upon delivery of the item to the carrier. 6. PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONThe items offered for sale on the Barnes & Noble.com Site contain descriptions that are provided directly by the publisher, manufacturer, developer or distributor of such item. Barnes & Noble does not represent or warrant that the descriptions of such items are accurate or complete. IF A USER PURCHASES AN ITEM FROM BARNES & NOBLE THAT IS NOT AS DESCRIBED ON THE BARNES & NOBLE.COM SITE, THE USER'S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO RETURN SUCH ITEM IN AN UNUSED CONDITION FOR A REFUND OF THE PURCHASE PRICE. 7. AGE OF USERSOur products and services are marketed for and directed towards purchase by adults or with the consent of adults. Individuals under the age of 18 ("Minors") are not permitted to use Barnes & Noble websites without the supervision of a parent or legal guardian. Furthermore, we do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for an online account or to post personal information on our websites. Should we learn that someone under the age of 13 has provided any personal information to or on any of the Barnes & Noble websites, we will remove that information as soon as possible.8. TERMINATION OF USAGE8.1 Termination Rights. Barnes & Noble may issue a warning, temporarily suspend, indefinitely suspend or terminate any User's right to use or access all or any part of the Barnes & Noble.com Site including any account thereon, without notice, for any reason in Barnes & Noble's sole discretion, including, without limitation, violation of the Terms of Use, Barnes & Noble's belief that such access would violate any applicable law or would be harmful to the interests of, or potentially cause financial loss or legal liability to, Barnes & Noble, any Barnes & Noble.com Provider or another User.8.2 Restricted Users. In certain cases, in Barnes & Noble's sole discretion, Barnes & Noble may provide written notice (a "Restriction Notice") to a User (a "Restricted User") to inform such Restricted User that (i) his or her right to use or access any part of the Barnes & Noble.com Site has been terminated, including the right to use, access or create any account thereon; (ii) that Barnes & Noble refuses to provide any services to such Restricted User; and (iii) any subsequent orders placed by a Restricted User will be subject to cancellation. Other conditions may apply and shall be set forth in the Restriction Notice.9. INDEMNITYUser agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Barnes & Noble (and its affiliates, employees, contractors, agents, suppliers and partners) and each Barnes & Noble.com Provider harmless from any and all claims, suits, actions, losses, costs, damages, and any other liabilities, including reasonable attorneys' fees, brought by any third party due to or arising out of (i) such User's use of the Barnes & Noble.com Site or the Barnes & Noble.com Services, (ii) any alleged breach or violation of the Terms of Use or (iii) such User's violation of any law or the rights of a third party. Barnes & Noble reserves the right, at User's expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which such User is required to indemnify Barnes & Noble, and User agrees to cooperate with Barnes & Noble's defense of such matter. This defense and indemnification obligation is intended to extend to the fullest extent permitted by law and will survive the Terms of Use and your use of the Barnes & Noble.com Services. 10. PASSWORD AND ACCOUNT SECURITY10.1 Account Password. Every User that has an account on the Barnes & Noble.com Site is responsible for (i) keeping his or her account password confidential and secured; (ii) avoiding unauthorized access to such User's computer or other devices; and (iii) keeping the contact information associated with that account current. User acknowledges that it is necessary to keep the e-mail address associated with his or her account current because although the User may be able to log into his or her Barnes & Noble account using an old e-mail address, such User will not receive messages from Barnes & Noble about his or her orders and inquiries or other matters.10.2 Account Security. User accepts full responsibility for all activities that occur within such User's Barnes & Noble account or within the Barnes & Noble.com Site interactive community, whether or not authorized by the User.11. INTERACTIVE COMMUNITY11.1 Interactive Community Users. The Barnes & Noble.com Site offers numerous opportunities for interactive activities, which enable Users to communicate with each other directly, or which enable Users to post information and other material that will be visible to other Users of those services ("Interactive Community"). This Section 11, Interactive Community, applies to the activities of persons who are using interactive services on the Barnes & Noble.com Site ("Interactive Community Users"). The scope of these services may change from time to time, with or without notice. You are using Interactive Community services if you post a review or blog entry, create a list, create a profile, submit any other User Created Content, as defined below, or otherwise participate in any interactive feature.11.2 Interactive Community Services. Interactive Community services may be used only for lawful purposes in accordance with these Terms of Use. If you are using any Barnes & Noble.com Site Interactive Community services, and post, publish or communicate any information, data, software, photographs, graphs, videos, typefaces, graphics, music, sounds, and other material on or through the Interactive Community services, please choose carefully the information that you post and/or provide to other Users ("User Created Content"). User is prohibited from posting on or transmitting through the Barnes & Noble.com Site any unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, profane, hateful, racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable material of any kind, including, but not limited to, any material that encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any applicable law. Barnes & Noble reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to reject, refuse to post or remove any posting or other User Created Content (including private messages) by you, or to deny, restrict, suspend, or terminate access to all or any part of the Interactive Community services at any time, for any or no reason, with or without prior notice or explanation, and without liability.11.3 Right to Remove Profile or Terminate Access. Barnes & Noble reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to remove your profile and/or deny, restrict, suspend, or terminate your access to all or any part of the Interactive Community services for any reason.11.4 Misuse of Interactive Community Services. If you become aware of misuse of the Interactive Community services, including any unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, profane, hateful, racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable material of any kind, material that encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violates any applicable law, please activate the "Flag" feature on the page in question.11.5 User Created Content. (a) Notwithstanding the foregoing, Barnes & Noble assumes no responsibility for ongoing monitoring of the Barnes & Noble.com Site or for removal or editing of any User Created Content, even after receiving notice. Barnes & Noble assumes no liability for any action or inaction with respect to conduct, communication, or User Created Content within the Interactive Community. You are responsible for your interactions with other Users.(b) You may not post User Created Content that: involves the transmission of "junk mail," "chain letters," or unsolicited mass mailing, instant messaging, "spimming," or "spamming"; contains restricted or password only access pages or hidden page or images (those not linked to or not otherwise from another accessible page); solicits passwords or personal identifying information for commercial or unlawful purposes from other Users; involves commercial activities and/or sales such as contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising, or pyramid schemes; includes a photograph or video of another person that you have posted without that person's consent; circumvents or modifies, or attempts to circumvent or modify, or encourages or assists any other person in circumventing or modifying, any security technology or software that is part of the Barnes & Noble.com Site; involves the use of viruses, bots, worms, or any other computer code, files or programs that interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware, or otherwise permit the unauthorized use of or access to a computer or a computer network; covers or obscures the banner advertisements on your personal profile page; involves any automated use of the Barnes & Noble.com Site, such as, but not limited to, using scripts to add friends or send comments or messages; interferes with, disrupts, or creates an undue burden on the Barnes & Noble.com Site or the networks or services connected to the Interactive Community services; impersonates or attempts to impersonate another Interactive Community User, person or entity; uses the account, username, or password of another Interactive Community User at any time or discloses your password to any third party or permits any third party to access your account; sells or otherwise transfers your profile; uses any information obtained from the Barnes & Noble.com Site in order to harass, abuse, or harm another person or entity, or attempting to do the same.(c) Interactive Community Users may upload to or otherwise submit to Barnes & Noble for distribution on the Barnes & Noble.com Site only (i) User Created Content that is not subject to any copyright or other proprietary rights restrictions; or (ii) User Created Content in which the owner or licensor has given express authorization for Barnes & Noble to distribute over the Internet. You may not upload, embed, post, e-mail, transmit or otherwise make available any material that infringes any copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights of any person or entity. Any copyrighted or other proprietary User Created Content distributed with the consent of a copyright owner should contain a phrase such as "Copyright, owned by [name of owner]; used by permission." Barnes & Noble is entitled to presume that all User Created Content conforms to the foregoing requirements. The unauthorized submission of copyrighted or other proprietary User Created Content is illegal and could subject the User to personal liability for damages in a civil suit as well as criminal prosecution. Interactive Community Users assume all liability for any damage resulting from any infringement of copyrights or proprietary rights, or from any other harm arising from an unauthorized submission or submission of User Created Content. Barnes & Noble assumes no liability for any damage resulting from any infringement of copyrights or proprietary rights, or from any other harm arising from any User Created Content. (d) By submitting User Created Content within the Interactive Community, Interactive Community Users automatically grant, or represent and warrant that the owner or authorized licensor of such User Created Content has expressly granted, Barnes & Noble, the royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, publish, translate, sublicense, copy, modify, delete, enhance and distribute the User Created Content in whole or in part worldwide and/or to incorporate such User Created Content in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or hereafter developed for the full term of any copyright that may exist in such User Created Content. Subject to this grant, the licensor of User Created Content submitted to Barnes & Noble retains any and all rights which may exist in such User Created Content. 12. NOTICESUser consents to electronic communications with Barnes & Noble, whether addressed to the e-mail address associated with such User's Barnes & Noble account or posted on the Barnes & Noble.com Site. User acknowledges and agrees that any communication via e-mail or by postings on this Barnes & Noble.com Site satisfies any legal requirement that such communications be made in writing.13. DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY13.1 Disclaimers. (a) Barnes & Noble is not responsible for and makes no warranties, express or implied, as to any Content appearing on or accessed through the Barnes & Noble.com Site, including, without limitation, any User Created Content or the accuracy and reliability of the Content, including User Created Content, posted on the Barnes & Noble.com Site or through the Barnes & Noble.com Services, whether caused by Users of the Barnes & Noble.com Site or the Barnes & Noble.com Services or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the Barnes & Noble.com Site or the Barnes & Noble.com Services, including the Barnes & Noble Software. Content, including User Created Content, does not necessarily reflect the opinions or policies of Barnes & Noble. Profiles and third party applications created and posted by Users on the Barnes & Noble.com Site may contain links to other websites. Barnes & Noble is not responsible for the content, accuracy or opinions expressed on such websites, and such websites are not necessarily investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy or completeness by Barnes & Noble. Inclusion of any linked website on the Barnes & Noble.com Services does not imply approval or endorsement of the linked website by Barnes & Noble. When you access these third party sites, you do so at your own risk. Barnes & Noble takes no responsibility for third party advertisements or third party applications that are posted on or through the Barnes & Noble.com Site or the Barnes & Noble.com Services, nor does it take any responsibility for the goods or services provided by its advertisers. (b) Barnes & Noble is not responsible for the conduct, whether online or offline, of any User of the Barnes & Noble.com Site or the Barnes & Noble.com Services. Barnes & Noble assumes no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, or alteration, of any User communication. Barnes & Noble is not responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of the Barnes & Noble Software, or any telephone network or lines, computer online systems, servers or providers, computer equipment, software, failure of any e-mail or players due to technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet or on any of the Barnes & Noble.com Services or combination thereof, including any injury or damage to Users or to any person's computer related to or resulting from participation or downloading materials in connection with the Barnes & Noble.com Site or Services. Under no circumstances shall Barnes & Noble be responsible for any loss or damage, including personal injury or death, resulting from use of the Barnes & Noble.com Site or Services, from any Content, including User Created Content, posted on or through the Barnes & Noble.com Services, from the Barnes & Noble Software, or from the conduct of any Users of the Barnes & Noble.com Site or Barnes & Noble.com Services, whether online or offline.(c) THE BARNES & NOBLE.COM SITE AND THE BARNES & NOBLE SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED BY BARNES & NOBLE ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH BARNES & NOBLE.COM PROVIDER DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.(d) WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, NEITHER BARNES & NOBLE NOR ANY BARNES & NOBLE.COM PROVIDER MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED: (I) AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE BARNES & NOBLE.COM SITE, OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, INCLUDING USER CREATED CONTENT, THE BARNES & NOBLE SOFTWARE, AND MATERIALS OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED THEREON; (II) THAT THE BARNES & NOBLE.COM SITE OR THE BARNES & NOBLE SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE; (III) AS TO THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR CURRENCY OF ANY INFORMATION, CONTENT, INCLUDING USER CREATED CONTENT, BARNES & NOBLE.COM SERVICES, THE BARNES & NOBLE SOFTWARE, OR MERCHANDISE PROVIDED THROUGH THE BARNES & NOBLE.COM SITE; OR (IV) THAT THE BARNES & NOBLE.COM SITE, ITS SERVERS, THE BARNES & NOBLE SOFTWARE, CONTENT, INCLUDING USER CREATED CONTENT, OR E-MAILS SENT FROM OR ON BEHALF OF BARNES & NOBLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES, SCRIPTS, TROJAN HORSES, WORMS OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.(e) BARNES & NOBLE DOES NOT GUARANTEE THE CONTINUOUS, UNINTERRUPTED OR SECURE ACCESS TO THE BARNES & NOBLE.COM SITE, THE BARNES & NOBLE SOFTWARE, THE BARNES & NOBLE.COM SERVICES OR ANY RELATED SERVICES. THE OPERATION OF THE BARNES & NOBLE.COM SITE AND THE BARNES & NOBLE SOFTWARE MAY BE INTERFERED WITH BY NUMEROUS FACTORS OUTSIDE THE CONTROL OF BARNES & NOBLE. 13.2 Limitation of Liability. (a) UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL BARNES & NOBLE OR ANY BARNES & NOBLE.COM PROVIDER BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE BARNES & NOBLE.COM SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, RELIANCE BY A USER ON ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM THE BARNES & NOBLE.COM SITE OR THAT RESULT FROM MISTAKES, OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS, DELETION OF FILES OR E-MAIL, ERRORS, DEFECTS, VIRUSES, DELAYS IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, OR ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, WHETHER OR NOT RESULTING FROM ACTS OF GOD, COMMUNICATIONS FAILURE, THEFT, DESTRUCTION, OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO BARNES & NOBLE'S RECORDS, PROGRAMS, OR SERVICES. USER HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THIS PARAGRAPH SHALL APPLY TO ALL CONTENT, INCLUDING USER CREATED CONTENT, THE BARNES & NOBLE SOFTWARE, MERCHANDISE, AND BARNES & NOBLE.COM SERVICES AVAILABLE THROUGH THE BARNES & NOBLE.COM SITE.(b) NEITHER BARNES & NOBLE NOR ANY BARNES & NOBLE.COM PROVIDER WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THE USE OF THE BARNES & NOBLE.COM SITE, THE BARNES & NOBLE SOFTWARE, OR THE USE, PURCHASE OR DOWNLOAD OF ANY CONTENT, OR PRODUCT THEREFROM, EVEN IF BARNES & NOBLE OR ANY BARNES & NOBLE.COM PROVIDER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THIS PARAGRAPH IS NOT INTENDED TO EXCLUDE LIABILITY THAT BARNES & NOBLE MAY NOT EXCLUDE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.(c) CERTAIN STATE, PROVINCIAL, AND FEDERAL LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO A USER, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO SUCH USER, AND SUCH USER MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS. 14. SEVERABILITYThe provisions of these Terms of Use are intended to be severable. If for any reason any provision of these Terms of Use shall be held invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part in any applicable jurisdiction, such provision shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability without in any manner affecting the validity or enforceability thereof in any other jurisdiction or the remaining provisions hereof in any jurisdiction. The failure of Barnes & Noble to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Use shall not operate as a waiver of such right or provision.15. APPLICABLE LAW; JURISDICTION15.1 Applicable Law. The Barnes & Noble.com Site is created and controlled by Barnes & Noble in the State of New York. The laws of the State of New York will govern the Terms of Use, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws.15.2 Jurisdiction. Each of Barnes & Noble and User agrees to submit to the nonexclusive personal jurisdiction of the courts located within New York County, New York and waives any objection to the laying of venue of any litigation in said courts.16. DISPUTE RESOLUTION16.1 Arbitration. Any claim or controversy at law or equity that arises out of the Terms of Use, the Barnes & Noble.com Site or any Barnes & Noble.com Service (each a "Claim"), shall be resolved through binding arbitration conducted by telephone, online or based solely upon written submissions where no in-person appearance is required. In such cases, the arbitration shall be administered by the American Arbitration Association under its Commercial Arbitration Rules (including, without limitation, the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes, if applicable), and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.16.2 Barnes & Noble's Option to Litigate. Alternatively, at Barnes & Noble's sole option, a Claim (including Claims for injunctive or other equitable relief) may be adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction located in New York County, New York.16.3 No Consolidation. Any Claim shall be arbitrated or litigated, as the case may be, on an individual basis and shall not be consolidated with any Claim of any other party whether through class action proceedings, class arbitration proceedings or otherwise.16.4 Disputes Between Users. You are solely responsible for your interactions with other Users. Barnes & Noble reserves the right, but has no obligation, to become involved in any way with disputes between you and other Users.16.5 Jury Trial Waiver. Each of the parties hereby knowingly, voluntarily and intentionally waives any right it may have to a trial by jury in respect of any litigation (including, but not limited to, any claims, counterclaims, cross-claims, or third party claims) arising out of, under or in connection with these Terms of Use. Further, each party hereto certifies that no representative or agent of either party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such party would not in the event of such litigation, seek to enforce this waiver of right to jury trial provision. Each of the parties acknowledges that this section is a material inducement for the other party entering into these Terms of Use.17. EXPORTAny software distributed by Barnes & Noble is "commercial computer software" or "commercial computer software documentation." The U.S. Government's rights with respect to the Barnes & Noble Software are limited by these Terms and Conditions of Use, pursuant to FAR § 12.212(a) and/or DFARS § 227.7202-1(a), as applicable. User agrees that by installing, copying, or otherwise using the Barnes & Noble Software and the Barnes & Noble.com Site that: (i) User does not reside in a country subject to embargo or export controls by the U.S. Government; (ii) User is not on the List of Denied Persons as published by the U.S. government; and (iii) User will not use the Barnes & Noble Software or the Barnes & Noble.com Site for any illegal purpose. Because the Barnes & Noble Software, the Barnes & Noble.com Site, and related technical data are subject to U.S. export controls, User agrees that User shall not upload, export or "re-export" (transfer) the Barnes & Noble Software or any Content, including User Created Content, unless User has complied with all applicable U.S. export controls.18. ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONSIn addition to the policies and guidelines located throughout the Barnes & Noble.com Site, the following policies are incorporated into the Terms of Use: Copyright Policy: http://www.barnesandnoble.com/h/copyright-policy (also accessible via a link on the bottom of the Barnes & Noble.com Site pages)Privacy Policy: http://www.barnesandnoble.com/h/help/privacy-policy (also accessible via a link on the bottom of the Barnes & Noble.com Site pages) 19. ACKNOWLEDGMENTThe Terms of Use, including all documents referenced herein, represents the entire understanding between User and Barnes & Noble regarding User's relationship with Barnes & Noble and supersedes any prior or contemporaneous statements or representations. Headings used in the Terms of Use are for reference only and shall not affect the meaning of any terms. As used in these Terms of Use, "including" means "including, without limitation."20. MODIFICATIONThese terms were last revised on November 6, 2018. Click here to see a prior version of the Terms of Use.Additional terms