http://www.philkelsall.co.uk/privacy
Privacy
What is this Privacy Policy for?
This privacy policy is for this website [www.philkelsall.co.uk] and served by Phil Kelsall/AP Promotions and governs the privacy of its users who choose to use it.
The policy sets out the different areas where user privacy is concerned and outlines the obligations & requirements of the users, the website and website owners. Furthermore the way this website processes, stores and protects user data and information will also be detailed within this policy.
References to “we”, “us” or “our” are references to Phil Kelsall trading as AP Promotions,
By “your information” we mean the personal and financial information we obtain from you  We hold your information securely on computers and in paper format.
We use your information in connection with the provision of our services and to fulfil our statutory
obligations in connection with our services.
We will never share your personal information with third parties for marketing purposes but, on the
basis that it is kept confidential, we may at any time share your information with:-
•  external IT support companies
•  our advisers, eg auditor/accountant, etc
•  anyone who has a legal right to require disclosure of your information or to whom we are
permitted at law to disclose your information
We do not carry out data profiling.
You have the right:-
•  to request a copy of your information by contacting us at appromotions@talk21.com
•  to ask us to rectify any information we hold that is inaccurate
•  to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office, www.ico.org.uk, our data protection
supervisory authority, if you feel that we have processed your data incorrectly
•  to  request  that we  erase  your  information from our records.
The Website
This website and its owners take a proactive approach to user privacy and ensure the necessary steps are taken to protect the privacy of its users throughout their visiting experience. This website complies with all GDPR & UK national laws and requirements for user privacy.
You are in control of your information
What information does our website collect?
This website collects cookies, these are not used for any purposes other than for analytical information regarding pages accessed for analytical purposes and to help improve the user experience on our website. No information is sold or shared with any other parties. Removal of site/server information can be made at any stage by requesting removal to appromotions@talk21.com. Cookies are stored on our website on NI secure servers and will automatically expire after 30 days. Removal can be made at any stage by requesting removal to appromotions@talk21.com
What methods we have to remove the information
Server or website data removal can be made at any stage by requesting removal to appromotions@talk21.com. Cookies can be removed via your browser settings.
How I can request this information and the removal of server information.
Server or website data removal can be made at any stage by requesting removal to appromotions@talk21.com
How we use the information we receive or store.
Information supplied by you forms part of our financial records. It may also be used to contact you in connection with any issues raised in the supply of a product. We may share this information with any of our product suppliers in connection with an issue which you raise with us relating to the supply of a product to you.  We may use information we hold to contact you to advise you of any new releases of CDs or DVDs or any events/performances in which we feel that you may have an interest subject to your right to choose not to receive this information.
How secure is the information stored?
Our servers are secured with SSL Security and we perform regular security updates to ensure the data is safe. We also implement a backup system to ensure data can be retrieved should this be required.
Use of Cookies
This website uses cookies to better the users experience while visiting the website. Where applicable this website uses a cookie control system allowing the user on their first visit to the website to allow or disallow the use of cookies on their computer / device. This complies with recent legislation requirements for websites to obtain explicit consent from users before leaving behind or reading files such as cookies on a user's computer / device.
Cookies are small files saved to the user's computer hard drive that track, save and store information about the user's interactions and usage of the website. This allows the website, through its server to provide the users with a tailored experience within this website.
Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from this website on to their computers hard drive they should take necessary steps within their web browsers security settings to block all cookies from this website and its external serving vendors.
This website uses tracking software to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it. This software is provided by Google Analytics which uses cookies to track visitor usage. The software will save a cookie to your computer hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website, but will not store, save or collect personal information. You can read Google's privacy policy here for further information [
Other cookies may be stored to your computer hard drive by external vendors when this website uses referral programs, sponsored links or adverts. Such cookies are used for conversion and referral tracking and typically expire after 30 days, though some may take longer. No personal information is stored, saved or collected.
Contact & Communication
Users contacting this website and/or its owners do so at their own discretion and provide any such personal details requested at their own risk. Your personal information is kept private and stored securely until a time it is no longer required or has no use, as detailed in the Data Protection Act 1998. Every effort has been made to ensure a safe and secure form to email submission process but advise users using such form to email processes that they do so at their own risk.
You may opt out of receiving information from us at any time by emailing us at appromotions@talk21.com
This website and its owners use any information submitted to provide you with further information about the products / services they offer or to assist you in answering any questions or queries you may have submitted. This includes using your details to subscribe you to any email newsletter program the website operates but only if this was made clear to you and your express permission was granted when submitting any form to email process. Or whereby you the consumer have previously purchased from or enquired about purchasing from the company a product or service that the email newsletter relates to. This is by no means an entire list of your user rights in regard to receiving email marketing material. Your details are not passed on to any third parties.
External Links
Although this website only looks to include quality, safe and relevant external links, users are advised adopt a policy of caution before clicking any external web links mentioned throughout this website. (External links are clickable text / banner / image links to other websites, similar to; www.websitename.co.uk.)
The owners of this website cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked website despite their best efforts. Users should therefore note they click on external links at their own risk and this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Adverts and Sponsored Links
This website may contain sponsored links and adverts. These will typically be served through our advertising partners, to who may have detailed privacy policies relating directly to the adverts they serve.
Clicking on any such adverts will send you to the advertiser’s website through a referral program which may use cookies and will track the number of referrals sent from this website. This may include the use of cookies which may in turn be saved on your computer’s hard drive. Users should therefore note they click on sponsored external links at their own risk and this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Social Media Platforms
Communication, engagement and actions taken through external social media platforms that this website and its owners participate on are custom to the terms and conditions as well as the privacy policies held with each social media platform respectively.
Users are advised to use social media platforms wisely and communicate / engage upon them with due care and caution in regard to their own privacy and personal details. Neither this website nor its owners will ever ask for personal or sensitive information through social media platforms and encourage users wishing to discuss sensitive details to contact them through primary communication channels such as by telephone or email.
This website may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the social media platform in question. Users are advised before using such social sharing buttons that they do so at their own discretion and note that the social media platform may track and save your request to share a web page respectively through your social media platform account.
Shortened Links in Social Media
This website and its owners through their social media platform accounts may share web links to relevant web pages. By default some social media platforms shorten lengthy urls [web addresses] (this is an example: http://bit.ly/zyVUBo).
Users are advised to take caution before clicking any shortened urls published on social media platforms by this website and its owners. Despite the best efforts to ensure only genuine urls are published many social media platforms are prone to spam and hacking and therefore this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any shortened links.