http://www.the-editing-room.com/privacy-policy
Home
Archives
Authors
Sponsors
FAQ
News
Contact
News
Last updated: 5/25/2018
The Editing Room operates http://www.the-editing-room.com (the “Site”). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of
Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.
We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection And Use
While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name (“Personal Information”).
Users who register accounts on the site through Patreon will be asked for their e-mail address and name.
This information does not need to be truthful, but the e-mail address must be the same as the one used on Patreon for proper account linking to work.
Users who contact the site will be submitting their name and e-mail address, and their IP address will be recorded.
This information may be shared among authors on the site and used to reply, but otherwise will not be shared.
Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics. In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and
analyze this collected data.
Communications
We will not use your personal information to contact you unless you first contact someone at the site and we are replying.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Like many sites, we use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of 5/25/2018 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Advertising
Many ads provided by Adversal Media, Inc.
(https://www.adversal.com/online-privacy.html), which has its own privacy policy
Recent Scripts
Freaky
Back to the Future Part III
Batman & Robin
Primal
A Rainy Day in New York
Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves
Night of the Living Dead
It: Chapter Two
Fantasy Island
Cube
Backdraft 2
Backdraft
Fallen
Enola Holmes
Rambo: Last Blood
Exorcist III
After We Collided
More...
Recent Comments