http://www.nbs-enb.ca/en/privacy-policy
Skip to main content.
Home /NBS' Privacy Policy - Last revised: March 2018
NBS' Privacy Policy - Last revised: March 2018
Share
Our Commitment
Canada's National Ballet School (“NBS”) is committed to protecting the privacy of the personal information of its students, parents of students, alumni, program participants, employees, donors, volunteers and other stakeholders. We value the trust of those we deal with, and of the public, and we recognize that maintaining this trust requires that we be transparent and accountable in how we treat the information you choose to share with us.
During the course of our various activities, we gather, use, and store personal information. Anyone from whom we collect such information should expect that it will be carefully protected.
This statement may be revised from time to time in response to changes in NBS’ practices or applicable law.  The date on which the Policy was last revised is posted at the top of this page.
Defining Personal Information
Personal information is generally defined in Canada as information about an identifiable individual.  Personal information includes any information that, alone or when linked to other information, can be used to distinguish, identify or contact a specific individual. It includes names, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, photographs and videos as well as financial and personal health information. This information can include an individual's opinions or beliefs, as well as facts about, or related to, the individual.
Business contact information and certain publicly available information, such as names, addresses and telephone numbers as published in telephone directories, are not considered personal information.  Where an individual uses his or her home contact information as business contact information as well, we consider that the contact information provided is business contact information, and is not therefore subject to protection as personal information.
Uses of Personal Information
NBS collects, uses and discloses personal information only with the consent of the individual.  NBS identifies the purposes for which it collects personal information at or before the time that the personal information is collected.  NBS collects, uses and discloses personal information only for purposes that a reasonable person would consider appropriate in the circumstances. The primary purposes for which NBS collects personal information include registration and administration, delivery of programs, payment for goods and services, solicitation of financial support for  NBS, issuing tax receipts, communication about NBS activities and meeting legal and regulatory requirements.
Personal Health Information from students and program participants is collected, used and disclosed primarily to enable or support treatment, provide first aid or secure emergency medical care, or update parents or legal guardians.
NBS will obtain consent prior to using personal information for any purpose different from the one for which it was originally collected.
Privacy Practices
Personal information gathered by NBS is kept in confidence. NBS staff are authorized to access personal information based only on their need to fulfill the purpose for which the personal information was obtained.  Safeguards are in place to ensure that  NBS does not disclose or share personal information more widely than is necessary to achieve the purpose for which it was gathered. NBS also takes measures to ensure the integrity of this information is maintained and to prevent its being lost or destroyed.  NBS protects personal information with security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the personal information.  Third parties who conduct business on behalf of NBS, such as IT service providers, are required to have privacy safeguards in place.
NBS does not rent, sell or trade or provide personal information to  third parties.
Website and Electronic Commerce
NBS uses password protocols and encryption software to protect personal and other information when making a donation or when a product or service is requested and/or paid for online. Our software is routinely updated to maximize protection of such information.
NBS uses tracking technology (“cookies”) that allows it to collect information about how its website is used and through which information is collected about an individual’s online activities.  Cookies are commonly used to record visitors’ login information and to store passwords.  Individuals who set their browsers to block cookies will still be able to access the website but it may not function as intended.
NBS Publications, Website and Social Media
NBS  requires  consent before publishing or posting videos and images of identifiable program participants, employees, or other members of the NBS community and uses these materials only to promote NBS and its programs.
NBS requires third parties who upload videos or images to the NBS website or social media channels to confirm that they have obtained consent from identifiable individuals who appear in those videos or images, or from their parent or guardian if they are minors.
Parents' use of social media at NBS
As opportunities to share experiences expand with evolving technologies, NBS requests the co-operation, respect, and discretion of the NBS community in supporting the responsibility to maintain the privacy of staff, students and families and keep children safe.
Social media guidelines are shared with NBS staff to ensure appropriate communications on social media platforms. NBS asks the extended NBS community to also observe the following guidelines:
Permission for publication:  Please ask permission from an Artistic staff member or someone in the Marketing department to publish, report or solicit the interest of the news media on anything related to NBS.   This will help safeguard the privacy of NBS, its staff, students, and employees.
Photography and Videos:  Photos may be taken of the NBS architecture but not of students, especially not when students are in class or rehearsing in studios or on stage. On occasion, Artistic staff may permit parents to take photographs at the end of a class.  Videotaping is not permitted. These images may not be shared publicly.  Photographing and videotaping minors without parental consent is strictly prohibited.  Parents are reminded that public posting on social media sites (including Facebook and Twitter) without consent contravenes NBS’ privacy policy and may violate privacy laws. Sharing images of your child with friends and family online is acceptable and does not require NBS permission, so long as others associated with NBS do not appear in those images without their consent.
Photographs and Videos of Rehearsal and Performance:  Photos and videos of rehearsals and performances are not permitted. This ensures that the rights of the content creators and the rights' holders for the ballets that NBS performs are honoured and respected.  For example, photographing and filming rehearsals of The Nutcracker contravenes the rights of both the choreographer James Kudelka and the National Ballet of Canada.
Anti Spam
NBS complies with the requirements of Canada’s Anti-Spam Legislation, as amended from time to time (“CASL”) at all times, including when: sending emails or texts from an NBS account, email address or domain name, obtaining consent from recipients to send emails or texts, managing and responding to requests to unsubscribe and documenting and retaining records of consent.  NBS does not send commercial electronic messages (“CEMs”) to any person unless it has express or implied consent from the recipient, the CEM includes identification and contact information for the sender and the CEM has an unsubscribe mechanism.
Contact Information
Any requests for access to or correction of personal information, questions, concerns or complaints relating to NBS's privacy policy or the treatment of personal information should be directed to:
NBS Privacy Officer
Email: privacy@nbs-enb.ca
Further information on privacy may be found on the website of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada at www.privcom.gc.ca or the Information and Privacy Commissioner of Ontario at www.ipc.on.ca.
About NBS
Venue Rentals
Resources
Contact
Accessibility
Français
Log in
Students
Parents
Board Members and Committees
Shop Now!
Donate Now