http://www.fightingarts.com/aboutus/privacy.php
Free Newsletter
About Us
Site
News
Advertising
Info
Join
our Team
Submissions
Advisory Board
Special
thanks
Privacy
Policy
Terms
of use
FightingArts.com's Privacy Policy
The following sets forth FightingArts.com's information
gathering and dissemination practices.
We are committed to your privacy and recognize that
as a visitor or member, you are our most important
asset. We will attempt to protect interests of the
participant of our community.
We do collect certain confidential information when
you sign up for our newsletter, enter contests or
promotional events, become a forum member, order from
our e-store, or participate in other activities. This
may include contact information, such as your email
address, name, telephone number, address and zip code.
We also may ask users voluntarily to give us certain
other information (such as martial arts practiced,
length of practice, style or organization, rank and/or
education level) in order to tailor information, articles
and services on the site to its users. We may use
contact information to contact the visitor when necessary,
or, when given permission, to send the user information,
promotions or other material from FightingArts.com
or its affiliates. Users may opt-out of receiving
future mailings.
Any general information collected from children under
age 15 is used only for statistical analysis, editorial
participation, feedback and e-mail Newsletter list
purposes. FightingArts.com does not give children's
personal information to third parties, regardless
of whether children choose to allow us to disseminate
their personal information for promotional opportunities.
This also includes information obtained from special
contests and/or promotional opportunities on our site.
Where children are allowed to participate in a contest,
our rules may require that they provide their parent
or guardian's e-mail address so that, if the child
wins, we can notify the parent or guardian. This policy
only applies, of course, for users who advise us that
they are under age 15.
Demographic and interests profile data is used to
tailor the visitors' experience at our site -- to
show them content that we think they might be interested
in, or to display the content according to their preferences.
This information may be shared with advertisers on
an aggregate basis. Specific visitor information,
however, is not made available to advertisers.
User Internet Provider (IP) information may be used
to help diagnose problems with our server and/or to
administer our site. Additionally your IP address
is used to help develop broad statistical demographic
and other information that is used internally and
may be shared with advertisers and other business
partners.
We also use an Internet technology called "cookies,"
which are small computer files sent to your computer
and later retrieved, to help track and measure patterns
of use, keep track of your shopping cart and to help
automate the log-in process for forum members. This
information helps us better correlate you wants and
needs with the content and services we provide for
you.
Third party advertisements displayed on our site
may also contain cookies that are collected by the
third party advertisers, their ad agency, other third
parties or their representatives, and we do not have
access to this information. Please note that your
browsers may allow you to control the kind of cookies
you accept or whether you allow acceptance of cookies.
Please refer to your particular Internet browser for
instructions, if available, if you wish to disable
cookies.
FightingArts.com does not sell, give or otherwise
offer your personal information to third parties or
other site participants without your consent. FightingArts.com,
however, does reserve the right to disclose personal
information if required to do so by judicial, law
enforcement or other governmental authorities.
FightingArts.com provides users the opportunity to
opt-out of receiving communications, our Newsletter
or special offers from us or our partners at the point
where we request visitor information. FightingArts.com's
Newsletter and other special communications or offers
also provide a simple method for opting out of receiving
any further communications. You may also send an email
to webmaster@FightingArts.com requesting that you
be removed from our database or Newsletter list.
FightingArts.com provides order forms for customers
to purchase goods from our e-store. The order form
collects visitors' contact information and is used
to allow us to send orders and to get in touch with
purchasers when and if necessary. The user's credit
card number is captured over a secure connection in
order to process the transaction. We do not receive
or store credit card numbers on our server.
This site contains links to other sites. FightingArts.com
is not responsible for the privacy practices or the
content of such Web sites.
FightingArts.com is not responsible for the dissemination
of confidential information by you through your participation
in chat or forum profiles or postings. Use caution
in supplying personal information to the chat or forums
functions or Feedback. Visitors, however, are free
to request anonymity when e-mailing to Feedback.
Users may be held legally liable for the content
of their chat sessions and forum entries. FightingArts.com
reserves the right to reveal confidential information
as required by law or legal process, or as deemed
necessary by FightingArts.com to endeavor to stop
or investigate suspected illegal conduct by users.
Any information, drawings, diagrams or photos supplied
to FightingArts.com may be publicly displayed (see
Terms of Use).
FightingArts.com reserves the right to amend or change
these guidelines at any time and without notice.
If you know of any other important privacy or security
issues related to this site we should consider, please
contact us. We would like to hear from you. Thank
you for being a part of FightingArts.com.
Advertising
Information • Feedback
Home
• Forums
• Reading
Room
•
Estore •
About Us
•
Copyright
© 2017 - 2030 FightingArts.com
a division of eCommunities LLC.
All rights reserved. Use of this website is governed by the
Terms of Use .
Privacy
Statement
Action
Ads
1.5 Million Plus Page Views
Monthly
Only $89
Details
Stun
Guns
Variety of stun gun devices for your protection
Buy
Pepper Spray
Worry about your family when you’re not around? Visit us today
to protect everything you value.
Koryu.com
Accurate information on the ancient martial traditions of the Japanese
samurai
C2
Taser
Protect yourself and loved ones from CRIME with the latest C2 Taser
citizen model. Very effective.