http://www.bfs.org.uk/terms-and-policies
About Us
News
Events
Resources
Members Area
Donate
Contact
Join Us
Back
What We Do
Pan journal
Meet the Council
How the BFS works
Back
All
Technique Videos
UK Flute Choirs
Find a Retailer
Find a Repairer
Coronavirus Resources
Useful Links
Terms & Policies Privacy PolicyThe British Flute Society aims to protect the privacy of any information submitted via this website and will only use that information for the purpose for which it was intended. Any information and correspondence between The British Flute Society and its members will be viewed in the strictest of confidence.The British Flute Society reserves the right to circulate information regarding its news and events to those who have signed up to The British Flute Society newsletter. However no personal information will be sold or circulated to any third party, without the individual's consent.Cookie PolicyWhat are cookies?Cookies are text files which store small pieces of information on your computer, smartphone or other device. The sort of information stored varies between websites, but commonly includes details of certain preferences you have made previously so the site can provide you with more relevant content and details of items you have placed in your shopping basket. They can also be used to keep track of your "session" so you don't have to keep providing the same information during your visit to the site.What cookies do The British Flute Society use?This website uses the following types of cookies for the following reasons:Session cookies To enable the site to remember details of your current visit to the site (known as your current "session"), the site uses a "session cookie". This cookie expires when you leave the website. The session cookie allows us to remember who you are once you have signed in, so you don't have to re-sign in on every page you view.Google Analytics cookies To help us better understand how our customers use this website, we use Google Analytics software which stores a small number of tracking cookies. These cookies allow Google to provide us with useful information on customer trends, such as which pages our customers view on the site and how they progress from page to page, how long they visit us for and which search terms they used to find us. Understanding how our customers use the site in this way means we can identify potential problem areas and can continually aim to improve the usability of the site and the overall experience for our customers.How can I stop this site from using cookies?You can choose to stop your web browser accepting cookies, and delete all cookies currently stored on your browser. The method for doing this varies upon the browser you are using; looking under your browser's help menu will give you further details. However, please note that if you choose to disable cookies it may affect your ability to use this website.Terms and ConditionsTerms and Conditions By using The British Flute Society website, You agree to be subject to the following terms and conditions and accept our Privacy Policy (above).Use of WebsiteYou must not use the website in any way that causes damage or impairment to its availability or access.You must not use this website for any unlawful or harmful activity or in connection with any lawful or harmful activity.You may not use this website for marketing activities without the prior written consent of The British Flute Society.The British Flute Society reserves the right to edit or delete any material posted on the website which it considers inappropriate or unsuitable.Links The British Flute Society does not accept responsibility for the accuracy or veracity of the content of other websites linked to this website by way of hypertext link. The Council of The British Flute Society does not accept responsibility for the consequences of any action taken in reliance of external websites.Copyright Unless otherwise stated, all material and content on the website, is the property of The British Flute Society and is protected by copyright - © British Flute Society. No written material may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or means without the prior written permission of The British Flute Society.Membership Regulations and Membership AccountsThe British Flute Society reserves the right to restrict certain areas of the website eg for the use of members of the society.Members of The British Flute Society are provided with identification and password details in order to gain access to restricted areas of the website. All such details are confidential and must not, in any circumstances, be disclosed to third parties. An individual member is solely responsible for any activity in his or her account.Members of The British Flute Society must keep the society informed of any changes to personal details such as name and address either online, by post or by email. In the event that a change of address alters the postal region of the subscription (UK, Europe or World) then the appropriate additional payment will be due to continue receiving the quarterly journal.A member may cancel their membership and receive a full refund as long as they have not received their first copy of the quarterly journal or participated in any event for which they have needed membership. Refunds will not be given for cancellation part way through the membership year.The British Flute Society will send out renewal reminders to all members by post or email one month prior to the subscription end date. If a member does not wish to renew their membership they must inform the Membership Secretary either by email or post as soon as possible. A member's subscription shall be deemed to have lapsed if their renewal has not been received by the end of the subscription year.Data Protection The British Flute Society maintains a database which is processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1988. The database comprises personal details and information provided by members of The British Flute Society, including any such information provided by electronic means. The British Flute Society holds and maintains the information contained within the database purely for the administration of the Society. Any personal information will not be released to a third party without the prior written consent of the member or members concerned. Personal data of members whose membership has lapsed will be deleted after three years. Our full Data Protection Policy can be found below. Amendment of Terms and Conditions The British Flute Society reserves the right to amend these terms and conditions subject to seven days' written notification on this website.Disclaimer These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law. Any disputes relating to these terms and conditions shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England. Whilst we endeavour to ensure that the information on this website is correct, we do not warrant its completeness or accuracy; nor do we commit to ensuring that the website remains available or that the material on the website is kept up-to-date.Alastair Learmont, 4 November 2011Data Protection Policy1. The British Flute Society (BFS) maintains a database of members that is processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1988 and the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) 2018. 2. The database comprises personal details and information provided by members of The British Flute Society, including any such information provided by electronic means. This includes names, addresses (postal and email) and phone numbers. 3. The British Flute Society holds and maintains the information contained within the database purely for the administration of the Society. The British Flute Society has a legitimate interest in holding your data in his way. 4. No credit or debit card details will be retained by The British Flute Society once the corresponding membership renewal or other payment has been processed successfully. 5. No personal information will be released to a third party without the prior written consent of the member or members concerned. 6. Personal data of members whose membership has lapsed will be deleted after 12 months. If you wish your information to be removed as soon as you have left, please contact the Membership Secretary. 7. You can view or change your contact details at any time by logging into the website. 8. In the event that images are taken (still or video) during a BFS event, prior permission will be sought from performers and (if applicable) audience members. Images will only be used by The British Flute Society on our website, social media feeds, and in print in “Pan” magazine. For those under 18 years of age, prior permission will be sought from their parents/ guardians. No images will be used by The British Flute Society without such consent.British Flute Society, 2018