https://www.thebridge-ttc.org/2016/07/26/cookie-policy/
Cookie Policy
About Cookies
Cookies are small text files, typically made up of words and numbers, that are placed on the device you are using by websites that you visit. Cookies do a variety of useful jobs and are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently and provide information to the owners of the site.
This website sets a range of cookies including analytical cookies that enable Google Analytical software to work. We use Google Analytics to collect information that helps us to accurately calculate the number of visitors to our website and to see how these visitors move around the site when they are using it.
These cookies may collect the IP address of your device but do not collect or store personal information that can identify you as a visitor. This information can only be seen by the relevant teams at The Bridge and Google and never shows any confidential information.
The data collected by these cookies is anonymous and is used to improve how our website works and the services we offer to our customers.
Cookies we use
Analytics At The Bridge, we use the following four Google Analytical performance cookies: -utma This enables us to ascertain the number of unique visitors to our site and is updated with each page view. The cookie remains in existence for a period of 2 years either from initial creation or a subsequent update. -utmb This cookie is used to establish and continue a user session on our site. Each time a user visits a different page this cookie updates for a further 30 minute period. The cookie then remains in existence for a further 30 minutes, either from initial creation or a subsequent update. -utmc This cookie operates in conjunction with the -utmb cookie to determine whether or not to establish a new session for the user. The cookie remains in existence until you have closed your browser. -utmz This cookie stores the type of referral used by the visitor to reach your site, whether via a direct method, a referring link, a website search, or a campaign such as an ad or an email link. It is used to calculate search engine traffic, ad campaigns and page navigation within your own site. The cookie is updated with each page view and expires 6 months from initial creation or a subsequent update. Click here for more information about the cookies used by Google Analytics.
Social Media The Bridge uses sharing tools provided by ShareThis. This is a social media widget that enables you to share articles on our website via your favoured social network(s). To load the social media buttons and to track the ‘sharing’ that takes place, the media sites it uses, such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and Google +1 among others, may place a cookie on your device. These cookies are not within the control of The Bridge – please refer to their own privacy policies to learn more about the social media cookies that may be set and how they work.
Click here for more information about the cookies used by Facebook Click here for more information about the cookies used by Twitter
For further information about ShareThis’ privacy policy, click here
Content Management There are two cookies set by the Content Management System (CMS) that we use to edit the content on our website. They are purely adminstrative for the use of the editors who amend the website. One will be a string of letters and numbers starting – SN4… and the other is called webfxtab_resourcesPane.
Managing Cookies
Most web browsers will allow some management of cookies via your browser settings. For further information about managing cookies, please visit www.aboutcookies.org For further information about cookies, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org
Submit a Comment Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name *
Email *
Website
Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email.