http://www.triumvirat.net/privacy.htm
Privacy Statement for
Triumvirat Net
Triumvirat Net has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm
commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination
practices for this site; The Triumvirat Homepage.We use your
IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site.
IP addresses are logged to track a user's session. This gives Triumvirat Net an
idea of which parts of our site users are visiting. We do not link IP addresses to
anything personally identifiable. This means that a users session will be tracked, but the
user will be anonymous.
Your IP address may also be used to gather broad demographic
information. (example: geographic distribution)
Our site's forms requires users to give us contact information (like
their name and email address). The contact information may be used to contact the visitor
when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out
section below.
Our site's bulletin board requests (but does not require) users to
enter their contact information (like their name and email address).  The contact
information may be used by visitors to the site to contact each other as desired. This
information is not used for any other purpose by Triumvirat Net.
Our site also has several subscription mailing lists, that requires
the user to give us contact information (email address.)  This information is used
solely for the purpose of the mailing list that the user subscribes to.  Users may
unsubscribe from these lists at any time.
This site contains links to other sites. The Triumvirat Homepage is
not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Choice/Opt-Out
This site gives users the following options for removing their
information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive
our service.
You can send email webmaster@triumvirat.net
You may unsubscribe from Tales Across the Waters mailing list via
email at unsubscribe_tatw@triumvirat.net
Change/Modify
This site gives users the following options for changing and
modifying information previously provided.
Email webmaster@triumvirat.net
; or
For Tales Across The Waters subscribers, email tatw@triumvirat.net
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the
practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact
Jim Bradley
Triumvirat Net
3000 Villard Ave. #188
Helena, MT
59601
jim@triumvirat.net
© 1998-2003 Triumvirat Net
Triumvirat Net family of websites
© 1995 - 1998 The Triumvirat Homepage,
Tales Across The Waters, Barry Palmer Online.
All Rights Reserved.