http://www.loft.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
All Loft Programming Through May 31 is VirtualRead MoreClose Notification
Newsletter Signup
Login/Register
Gift Certificates
Payment Plan
Contact Us
Cart
Search
Search
Privacy Policy
The Loft Literary Center (“The Loft”) understands your concerns about information privacy and is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. We will not collect any personally identifiable information during your visit to this website unless you voluntarily submit this information.
Use of Information that You Provide
The Loft may use your personally identifiable information (name, address, telephone, email, etc.) gathered from membership, class registrations, drawings, donations, and other sources, to provide you with information from the Loft. The Loft may exchange your Loft member mailing information on a single-usage basis with other nonprofit arts organizations that provide events or services that, in our judgment, may appeal to Loft constituents. However, the Loft will never share your email or phone information with other organizations and will not provide your name to any other organization for the purposes of soliciting you for a financial contribution. It is the Loft’s intent to protect your privacy and, besides the judicious exchange with other nonprofit arts organizations, we will not voluntarily provide your personal information to any institution that wishes to sell its products to you or to harass you with “junk mail.”
If you wish you may opt out of these exchanges by one of the methods listed below under “Request for Removal.”
Financial Information
The Loft will protect any personal financial information that you share with us. Our secure server encrypts all personal information so that it cannot be read as it is transmitted over the internet. If you make a purchase on this site, we will use your credit card number only to process your payment and will not use it for marketing purposes. We will keep order information in our records for a limited period of time, but this information is never shared with third parties nor is it stored in our database.
Disclosure
The Loft websites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on the Loft or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of the Loft; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Loft, or the public.
Voluntary Participation and Severance
By using the Loft website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement. You may request that the Loft no longer use your personally identifiable information by one of the methods listed below. The Loft will remove your information at the earliest opportunity after receiving your request.
Disclaimer
Although the Loft will make every effort to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures and usage of personally identifiable information, we cannot guarantee that your personally identifiable information will never be disclosed.
Cookies
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that are transferred to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser. The Loft currently uses cookies to store constituents' preferences and record session information such as items that consumers add to their online shopping carts in the shopping area or while registering for classes. Cookies are also used to record page location to assist with navigation and menus on our site.
Security
The Loft currently uses Secure Socket Layering (SSL) to encrypt sensitive information, such as financial information, while that data travels over the Internet.
Warning about Fraudulent Emails
"Phishing" is a scam designed to steal your personal information. If you receive an email that looks like it is from us asking you for your personal information, do not respond. We will never request your password, user name, credit card information or other highly personal information through email.
Links
Our site includes links to other websites. The Loft is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of websites other than www.loft.org.
Request for Removal/Change of Information
If you wish to have your personally identifiable information removed from or changed in the Loft’s mailing list, please notify us by one of the following methods:
• Send an email to loft@loft.org.
• Unsubscribe from our enewsletter
• Call us or leave a message at 612-215-2575
• Send your request in writing to:
The Loft Literary Center
Open Book Suite 200
1011 Washington Ave S
Minneapolis, MN 55415
Whichever method you choose, include the name, address, and/or email address that you wish to have removed. For changes of information, please include both your old and new contact information so that we can make the appropriate corrections.
Your Consent
By using our website, you consent to our use of information that is collected or submitted as described in this online privacy policy. We may change or add to this privacy policy so we encourage you to review it periodically.
Google Analytics Privacy Policy
This website uses Google Analytics, which means that your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes, for example, the web address of the page that you're visiting and your IP address. Google may also set cookies on your browser, or read cookies that are already there. To learn more, visit Google Partner Sites Privacy & Terms.
We have implemented Google Analytics' Demographics and Interest Advertising Features for this site. We use first-and-third-party cookies to help focus our audience outreach and marketing efforts.
To opt out of these settings, you can add the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on here.