http://www.comedyworks.com/pages/privacy_policy
Privacy Policy
A. Collection of Information
1. We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email address, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. At Checkout, we collect the above information, as well as a credit card number and a billing and shipping address.
2. Comedy Works may gather the following types of information: (1) personal information given voluntarily while using a feature of this website, for example, during a registration process or purchase, including name, address, phone number, email address, birth date; financial information, such as credit card number; (2) information gathered as a result of voluntary participation in a survey or poll, or when communicating with our webmaster or customer service Team Members; and (3) information gathered automatically when visitors visit our website.
3. The information gathered will be shared with the Comedy Works family of companies. The information you provide is used to fulfill your specific request. This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our mailing lists. At any time, you have the option to remove yourself from our mailing list, or to continue to receive promotional materials from us without having our information shared with third parties for marketing purposes.
4. When you submit a question to question@comedyworks.com, we need your e-mail address to respond, and you also may provide us with various types of information to allow us to answer your question.
5. Notice for European Users: The Data Protection Act puts obligations on users of personal information and sets forth principles for its use. One principle states that information must be processed and fairly and lawfully. This means that you are entitled to know how we intend to use any information you provide. You can then decide whether you want to give personal information to us. Details are publicly available at ico.org.uk or from:
Information Commissioner's Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire SK9 5AF
Tel: 08456 30 60 60 or 01625 54 57 45
Fax: 016525 5224510
The Data Protection Act does not generally apply to data about limited companies or partnership, but it does cover personal data relating to sole traders and partnerships. When we receive an application from a business, we may perform a search with a credit reference agency and fraud prevention agency on the individual company directors or partners.
6. Children: Parents should always supervise their children while online. Comedy Works' website is not designed nor intended to collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen. So that we may comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, we ask that children under the age of thirteen not provide any personal information on this website.
7. Links: This website contains several links to other websites not controlled by Comedy Works. We have attempted to choose our linked partners with great care; however, read the privacy of each linked website to understand the related policy. In addition, when you browse other websites, those websites may place their own cookies on your computer and we do not control cookies placed on your computer by third parties whose links appear on our site.
8. If you are a registered user of comedyworks.com, you may update your information at any time.
B. Cookie/Tracking Technology
1. Comedy Works' Website (hereinafter referred to as "the Site") may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technologies are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the Site, and understanding how visitors use the Site. A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a website that is saved on your hard disk by your computer's browser. It holds information a site may need to interact with you and personalize your experience. The information that is collected through these cookies tells us things, such as which search engine referred you, how you navigated around the Site, and what you browsed and purchased and what traffic is driven by banner ads and emails. At comedyworks.com, we use two kinds of cookies, session cookies and persistent cookies.
i. Session cookies exist only for as long as your browser remains open. Once you exit your browser, they go away. We use session cookies to maintain information we need to have in order for you to shop at comedyworks.com. For example, the Session_ID cookie that we ask your browser to hold retains the ID for your shopping cart. Without the Session_ID cookie, you cannot add merchandise to your cart or make any purchases.
ii. Persistent cookies, in contrast, last from visit to visit; they do not go away when you exit your browser. You can browse the site without accepting a persistent cookie. However, you cannot add merchandise to your cart or make any purchases. You may set your browser options to reject persistent cookies. Alternatively, you can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, which provides you with the opportunity to decide whether you want to accept it or not. In many instances, the "Help" button on your browser tool bar will tell you how you can take these steps.
2. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology; however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Anything you choose to tell us about yourself as a registered user (like your address and email address) is stored safely and separately on our secured servers. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
C. Distribution of Information
1. The information gathered will be shared with the Comedy Works family of companies. We also may share this information with other third parties, including governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud of unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
2. Investigations and Proceedings: Comedy Works may use information to conduct internal investigations. Comedy Works may disclose information to cooperate with an investigation by law enforcement agencies or other governmental authorities and may also disclose information in response to a subpoena, warrant, court order, or other comparable legal processes.
3. Confidentiality Obligations: All contracts entered into between Comedy Works and Comedy Works Customers, Comedy Works and Subcontractors, and Comedy Works and other third party service providers contain express provisions governing the confidential treatment of any and all personally identifiable information.
D. Commitment to Data Security
1. Comedy Works is committed to doing its best to maintain the security of information collected on its site. To try to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information we have put in place the appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
2. To the extent customer information is maintained, it is located on a secured server behind a firewall; it is not directly connected to the internet. The firewall meets recognized industry standards.
3. Encryption is a process by which a message or information is scrambled while it is in transit to comedyworks.com. It is based on a key that has two different parts, public and private. The public part of the key is distributed to those with whom you want to communicate. The private part is for the recipient's use only. So long as you use a browser that allows for encryption, when you send personal information to us, you use a public key to encrypt your personal information. If your information is intercepted during the transmission, we use the private part of your key to decode it.
4. Comedy Works is committed to privacy and security. Comedy Works is compliant with Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (“PCI DSS”) as a Level 1 service provider. Comedy Works has been compliant with PCI DSS since its inception in 2002. PCI DSS is the bankcard industry's most stringent security standard. Examples of Comedy Works' security measures include: physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards; sophisticated security monitoring tools; documented security policies; use of strong encryption for transmissions of Order Information to and from Comedy Works Customers; restricted access of personally identifiable information; and, periodic security audits by third party security experts.
5. Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings.
E. Privacy Contact Information
1. Your confidence in the comedyworks.com website experience is our highest priority. If you have any concerns about privacy and security that have not been answered in the above policy, please contact us using the information below and we will do our best to answer your questions:
By email: privacy@comedyworks.com
By phone: 303.595.3637
We reserved the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.
Last updated 7-16-15
History
Careers
Ticket Resale Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
December 4, 2020
Due to the new “severe risk” red level order, Comedy Works and Lucy restaurant are temporarily closed until further notice.
All ticket buyers for the rescheduled/cancelled shows have been sent an email regarding your tickets. If you did NOT receive an email please check your junk or spam. If they are still on our calendar the show is happening (as of now). We will be notifying customers via email as new information comes in.
Should you have any questions, please email us at info@comedyworks.com
Check back for updates as they happen.
Thank you for your continued support! Wishing you and your families blessed holidays and GOOD HEALTH!
- Comedy Works Team