https://www.svcseattle.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy
The School of Visual Concepts, Inc. ("SVC") has created this privacy policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to protecting users’ personal information and informing you about how we handle it. This privacy policy applies to transactions and activities on the SVC web sites accessible to the public without password (the "Web Sites") and does not apply to any other web site or offline point of contact between you and SVC, its staff, faculty or students. Please review this privacy policy periodically as we may modify it from time to time. This privacy policy was last revised on May 24, 2018. Each time you visit the Site or provide us with information, by doing so you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy at that time.
Information We Collect From You: We collect three basic types of information from you in conjunction with your use of the Site:
Personal information, which is any information that individually identifies you (e.g., your name, email address, telephone number, postal address, credit card information),
Non-personal information, which is information that does not personally identify you but may include information about your interests, demographics (e.g., age, gender, occupation) and use of the Sites, and
Device information, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device.
We do not knowingly collect any information, personal or otherwise from children under the age of 13 without the express consent of their parent or guardian. We collect this information in the following ways:
Your IP Address: Like most business websites, each time you visit the Site, we automatically collect your IP address and the web page from which you came. In order to administer and optimize the Site for you and to diagnose problems with our Site, we use your IP address to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information about you.
Cookies: Like most websites, the Site uses cookies to keep track of your activity on the Site and enhance your experience on the Site. We also use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests.
Information You Provide Directly To Us: We may ask you to provide your personal information, demographic information or information about your preferences or interests when you:
Create an account on the Site
Sign up to receive email newsletters from us
Make a purchase on the Site
Knowingly volunteer information on any other part of the Site (e.g., request for customer service, submit a job application)
Information Other Web Sites Collect From You: On the Site, we may place links to other web sites operated by other parties. Some of these other web sites contain our organization’s name and trademarks and other intellectual property that we own; others do not. When you click on these links and visit these other web sites, regardless of whether or not they contain our brand names, trademarks and other intellectual property, you need to be aware that we do not control these other web sites or these other web sites' business practices, and that this privacy policy does not apply to these other web sites. Consequently, the operators of these other web sites may collect different kinds of information about you, and may use and disclose that information in different ways than we would if it were collected on the Site. We encourage you to review their privacy policies and remind you that we will not be responsible for their actions. SVC is not responsible for information collected on your computer on behalf of other sites where that information is saved in cookies.
How We Use Financial Information: On the limited occasion in which we collect any financial information from you, we only use your financial information to fulfill orders you place on or through the web sites. Any financial information we collect from you is directly forwarded to our fulfillment service. Information is collected on secured sites operated by or on behalf of SVC for specific transactions and services.
Sharing Your Personal Information: We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. For example, we use Foxy to handle our online transactions — you can read more about how Foxy uses your Personal Information here: https://www.foxy.io/privacy-policy. We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site—you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at: http://optout.aboutads.info/.
Do Not Track: Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.m.
Disputes: On the limited occasion in which we collect any financial information from you, we only use your financial information to fulfill orders you place on or through the web sites. Any financial information we collect from you is directly forwarded to our fulfillment service. Information is collected on secured sites operated by or on behalf of SVC for specific transactions and services.
Your Rights: If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you register for a class through our site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States
.
Data Retention: When you register for a class through the Site, we will maintain your information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
Changes: We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
Questions: If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, the practices of the Site, or your dealings with the Site, you can contact the School of Visual Concepts by email at info@svcseattle.com.
×
Interview Form
Loading...
Close