http://www.ontheboards.org/legal-privacy
Skip to main content
MAILING LIST
DONATE
Search form
Search
CALENDAR
PERFORMANCESHOLIDAY SAUCE...PANDEMIC! | Taylor Mac
PROGRAMSOntheBoards.tv
Artists-in-Residence
Performance Lab
Rehearsal Space
Stay Connected
DONATE
BOX OFFICETICKETS
Hours & Info
FAQ
Subscriber Ticket Exchange
Ticket Bank
ABOUT USMission & People
Work With Us
Supporters & Funders
Directions
Rentals
Archives
Legal / Privacy
On the Boards recognizes the importance of privacy to visitors of our web site. This privacy policy explains what type of information is collected from you when you visit ontheboards.orgOtB does not collect personally identifying information from ontheboards.org unless you choose to provide that information to us.Visitors under the age of 18 must obtain permission from their parents or guardians before sending any personally identifying information to us.All of the information collected by On the Boards is used for internal purposes only and is not distributed to any other well-established charitable, cultural, nonprofit organizations or parties. What Information is Collected?Like all other web servers, OtB's web host automatically creates log files for each visitor who accesses our site. These "access logs" allow us to make our site more useful to our visitors. The access logs do NOT record a visitor's name, address, phone number, credit card numbers, or any other personally identifying information. Rather, they contain some or all of the following information:The Internet Protocol Address (IP Address) of the machine which accessed our Web site.The date of the visit.The time of the visit.The path taken through our Web site.The browser being used.A list of files downloaded or viewed.Any errors encountered.Most Internet Service Providers (ISPs) use a "dynamic" form of assigning IP Addresses. This means that a visitor may have a different IP Address each time he or she visits ontheboards.org. Also, many ISPs, including America Online, use "proxy servers" which provide even more anonymity for visitors. For example, all visitors accessing ontheboards.org through America Online will be recorded in our access logs as having the same IP Address.OtB's web site does not use "cookies" or other methods of user tracking for the nonparticipatory sections of our web site.  Updates and Contact InformationOn the Boards reserves the right to change this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted to this page as soon as reasonably possible, so please check this page periodically. Use of ontheboards.org constitutes consent to any policy then in effect.If you have any questions or comments concerning our privacy policy, please contact us via e-mail at info@ontheboards.org
Support On the Boards
Keep the art you love alive. Donate to OtB today and support our 19/20 season!
©2020 On the Boards
Contact Us | 206-217-9886
Directions and Parking | 100 W Roy St, Seattle WA 98119
Privacy / Legal