http://www.thecobhamband.org/privacy
Skip to content
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you fill out our contact form. Our contact form will ask you to enter your name and email address. We also collect data on those who become Members of the Band.
Right to Access
You have the right to obtain from us confirmation as to whether or not your personal data is being processed, where and for what purpose. The Band Secretary will provide a copy of the personal data we hold for you free of charge in an electronic format upon written request.
What do we use your information for?
The information we collect from you may be used to contact you regarding your enquiry or to provide you information about the Band’s future concerts. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails from the Band, you can email us at sdscholes@gmail.com and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
In the case of Band Members, limited personal information is held based on that supplied by members on joining the band and used exclusively for the purposes of the efficient running of the band.
Data Erasure
In accordance with EU General Data Protection Regulation, article 17, you have the right to have your personal data erased from our systems, to request us to cease further use of the data. The conditions for erasure, as outlined in article 17, include the data no longer being relevant to original purposes for processing, or you withdrawing consent.
Data Portability
You have the right to receive the personal data you have supplied to us in a commonly used and machine readable format and to transmit that data to a third party of your choosing.
How do we protect your information?
The primary function of our website is to provide information about our Band, news and photographs which may be of interest to our concert goers and Members . We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter and submit that information.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
We do not offer the use of a secure server but supplied sensitive personal information is transmitted to us and can be only accessed by the Band’s Secretary and its Committee Members. All are required to keep the information confidential.
If you request us to do so, we will delete your personal information and this will no longer be stored on our servers.
Breach Notification
In the unlikely event that your data or personal information should be accessed by an unauthorised third party, we will notify you of the breach and the information that has been disclosed within 72 hours of first having become aware of the breach.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that, if you allow it, a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser. Cookies enable our website’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to compile aggregate data about website traffic and website interaction so that we can offer better website experiences in the future.
This website creates a small number of Google Analytics cookies and we use Google Analytics to find out information about your visit such as the amount of time you’re on our website, how many times you’ve visited, and how often you visit. If you’d prefer not to have Google Analytics cookies saved on your computer, you can change this through your browser’s privacy preferences. Instead you could install a browser add-on that helps you manage Google Analytics cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect our or others rights, property or safety. Certain Member information may be shared with legitimate organisations administering brass band events and contests.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies to information collected through our website. Information gathered off-line will be subject to the same levels of privacy.
Your Consent
By using our site you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
The Cobham Band, c/o 2 Ellerker Cottages, The Street, West Clandon, Surrey GU47TF
sdscholes@gmail.com
Recent News
Christmas 2020December 1, 2020
Coronavirus (COVID-19)March 15, 2020
Christmas 2019December 25, 2019
Service of ThanksgivingOctober 27, 2019
Menuhin Hall 2019October 5, 2019