http://www.burnsfilmcenter.org/privacy/
X
Film
All Films
Calendar
Events
Series
Creative Culture
Creative Culture
Fellowship Program
Residency Program
Creative Culture Network
Education
Education Home
Schools & Community Organizations
Join & Give
Join / Renew
Individual Giving
About
About the JBFC
Visit
FAQs
Job Opportunities
Gift Ideas
Contact
JBFC Blog
Donate Now
Email Signup
Login
Jacob Burns Film Center
Jacob Burns Film Center
Film
Creative Culture
Education
Join & Give
Donate
Privacy
Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. It is our policy to protect your Personal Information (as defined below) and to use it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU
Like many other web sites, we automatically collect information about your Internet connection, such as:
The IP address of the server you used to access the Internet;
The name of the web site from which you linked directly to our Site;
The date and time you access our Site; and
The pages you visit
This information (“Non-Personal Information”) does NOT identify you personally. We use this Non-Personal Information to monitor the effectiveness of the Site, identify areas of interest and consider potential improvements to the Site.
If you choose to use certain features and functions of the Site, we ask you to provide certain personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) without which these features cannot work. By providing such information, you consent to our collection and use of it, as described in this Privacy Statement. We do not collect any Personal Information about you when you visit the Site unless you give us that information.
The Personal Information you provide includes information provided during any registration process, including contact information, such as your name, address and email address, and information about your interests and preferences.
USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may use your Personal Information to get in touch with you regarding the status of your online ticket orders. We may use your Personal Information to contact you regarding additional services and features or requesting your feedback about your experience with the Jacob Burns Film Center. We may use your personal information to provide you with personalized service; to send e-mail alerts to you; to answer your requests; etc. When users submit sensitive information via the website, their information is protected both online and off-line.
LINKS
We provide links on the Site to other sites of interest. We do not endorse the content of these sites or guarantee that they will abide by this Privacy Statement. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of external websites. Your use of such linked sites is subject to the terms and conditions and privacy policies of the providers of those sites, and is solely at your own risk.
SHARING YOUR INFORMATION
We do not sell or trade or provide Personal Information to marketing companies or information brokers or any other organization or individual.
USE OF COOKIES
The use of cookies enables us to enhance your visits to the Site. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that are transferred to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, but this will limit your ability to use some features. Cookies enable us to recognize your browser and provide features that are tailored to your needs.
We may use information from cookies for purposes of planning and tracking, as well as assessing the technical function of the Site. We may also use cookies to track information about which pages you visit within the Site to help us gauge the effectiveness of the Site or our content.
CREDIT CARD INFORMATION
We utilize secure transaction methods when collecting credit card information over the internet. We do not disclose credit card account information provided by our clients.
DONOR PRIVACY POLICY
We may also gather contact information from individuals who choose to donate to us via our website or to purchase publications. This information allows us to process donations and orders in a timely manner, and keep donors informed about the impact of their donation. We are committed to respecting the privacy of donors, and we will not sell, share or trade our donors’ personal information with any other entity, nor send mailings to our donors on behalf of other organizations.
PROVIDING AND RECEIVING INFORMATION
You can always choose not to provide information or to opt-out of receiving communications from us at any time. We give users the following options:
Email: support@burnsfilmcenter.org
Telephone: 914.773.7663
Mail: Jacob Burns Film Center Offices; 405 Manville Rd., Pleasantville, NY 10570
CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT
We may change this Privacy Policy from time-to-time. If we do make a change, we will post the revised Privacy Policy on this Site. Your continued use of our website after the date that such revisions are posted will be deemed to be your agreement to the changed terms.  We encourage you to review this Privacy Statement periodically. Questions, comments or complaints about our privacy policies should be submitted to us by one of the methods listed above.
This is some inline content or something, a description of the image. Maybe we can even put links here? Probably not.
Email Sign UpGet updates on the new releases in our Virtual Screening Room, upcoming virtual events, media activities you can do at home, and more!
Get Updates
BLOG
JBFC Launches Free Virtual Field Trip Opportunities for 2020-21 School Year
We're proud to offer our popular Classroom to Screening Room program virtually and free of charge!
Creative Culture Network
Creative Culture Network is an online hub of support for filmmakers far and wide.
The JBFC on YouTube
The JBFC Theater may be temporarily closed, but our YouTube Channel is open 24/7!
Creative Culture
Schools and Teachers
Education Blog
Virtual Classroom to Screening Room
Support
Join / Renew
Donate Now
Reel Partners
Gift Ideas
Gift Card Balance
Annual Report
JBFC
About
Visit
Directions & Parking
Code of Conduct
Contact
Accessibility
Job Opportunities
The Jacob Burns Film Center (JBFC) is a nonprofit cultural arts center dedicated to presenting the best of independent, documentary, and world cinema; teaching literacy for a visual culture; and making film a vibrant part of the community.
A 501(c)(3) nonprofit film and education organization. © 2020. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy.