http://www.australiancomposers.com.au/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
Home
Shop
Composers
Recording Artists
Authors and Editors
Publishing
Help
Home
Shop
Composers
Recording Artists
Authors and Editors
Publishing
Help
Privacy Policy
Wirripang Pty Ltd Privacy Policy
Wirripang respects the right of each individual to personal privacy. This website privacy policy explains our policy for dealing with personal information that we collect through this website.
By accessing or using this website you acknowledge and agree to be bound by this privacy notice.
Personal information refers to information which identifies you as an individual or from which your identity can reasonably be ascertained.
From time to time changes may be made to this website privacy notice, we therefore suggest that you check this page from time to time.
Information collected
The information about you which we may collect through this website includes the following:
information collected when you register to participate in an activity through this website which may include your name and contact details;
the content of electronic forms you submit via the website;
any messages or comments you send to us via the website (e.g. via email);
information supplied by you for the purposes of acknowledging receipt of a donation.
In common with many commercial websites we may also collect aggregated information which tells us about visitors to the website but not the identity of those visitors. For example, we may collect information about the time, date and duration of visits and which pages of the website are most commonly accessed. This information is used by us to help us administer and improve our website.
Use and disclosure of information
We may use or disclose personal information that we collect about you:
for the purpose for which it was collected;
where you have consented to the use or disclosure;
to maintain our relationship with you;
to the extent that we are required by law to do so.
We may also use your personal information to keep you informed of our projects and upcoming events. If you do not wish to be contacted for these purposes, or if you have any questions or feedback about privacy or if you wish to make a complaint about how we have handled your personal information, please contact us by email at keats@wirripang.com.au
Links
This website contains links to the websites of other organisations which are relevant to Wirripang as a whole and the projects we undertake. Linked websites are responsible for their own privacy practices and you should check those websites for their respective privacy statements and terms of use.
We make no representation as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in such third party websites.
Security
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed as completely secure. Although we strive to protect such information, we cannot ensure the security of any information you may send us and you do so at your own risk.
Once any personal information comes into our possession, we will take reasonable steps to protect that information from misuse from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
Limitation of Liability
To the maximum extent permitted by law, we exclude completely all liability to any person for loss or damage of any kind (however caused, including by negligence) arising from or relating in any way to the material and/or use of this website.
Copyright and Trademarks
Unless otherwise indicated, we reserve all copyright in the content and design of this website. Other product and company names referred to on this website may be trade marks owned by third parties.
Donations and eCommerce
During your visit to the Website, you may elect to engage in a transaction involving a donation to one of our projects. Credit card transactions are often handled by a third-party processing agent, bank, or institution. Wirripang cannot and does not take responsibility for the success or security of transactions undertaken or processed by third parties.