https://www.chadmirand.com/privacy-policy
Home
Bio
Blog
Historical
Historical Irish Western Series
The Marshal’s Destiny
The Rancher’s Heart
Pearl’s Redemption
A Gift From Home
For Love of Flynn
Boxed Set (ebook)
The Irish Westerns, Vol. 1
The Irish Westerns, Vol. 2
Mo Ghrá Mo Chroí Go Deo
The Lord of Merewood Keep
The Saxon Bride
A Scot’s Honor
Mo Ghra Mo Chroi Go Deo Boxed Set
The Lords of Vice Series
Mending the Duke’s Pride
Avoiding the Earl’s Lust
Tempering the Viscount’s Envy
Redirecting the Baron’s Greed
The Three Vices Trilogy
Patience
Sweet Regency-Era Romance
The Lady and The Rake
Printable Booklist
Contemporary
Sweet Contemporary Irish Western Series
Claddagh Ranch
A Second Chance For Justiss
Small Town USA (Apple Grove) Series
A Wedding in Apple Grove
One Day in Apple Grove
Welcome Back to Apple Grove
Love at the Las Vegas Bake-Off
Christmas Comes to Apple Grove
The Secret Life of Cowboys
Tyler
Dylan
Jesse
Boxed Set
Sweet Romances
Rainbow of Destiny (Paranormal)
So Others May Live (Military)
C.M.C. Dobbs Books
Printable Booklist
Other Books
A Taste of Gratitude & Joy
Jameson the Rescue Dog Adventures
Appearances
Contact
Newsletter Signup
Follow
Keep in contact through the following social networks or via RSS feed:
Join My Newsletter
Privacy Policy
*Updated January 24, 2019*
Your privacy is very important to me. To be compliant with the EU GDPR (European General Data Privacy Regulations,) we have developed this privacy policy for your information.
Please note the following:
C.H. Admirand’s Newsletter is handled by third party Mad Mimi. It is never sold to a third party or made available for sale. The information collected, i.e., your email address, is stored in order for C.H. to communicate directly with you regarding promotions, newsletters, contests, etc. You can opt-out at any time, by following the link at the bottom of C.H.’s newsletters.
C.H. Admirand’s Blog does have a comment feature. Your email is stored for contact purposes only and will never be sold to a third party or made available for sale.
If you use the contact form on this website, your enter your name and email address and then have to check the two boxes below your message, one to grant permission for C.H. Admirand to contact you via email and the second that you have read and understood the Privacy Policy of this website. Your information allows C.H. Admirand to contact you via email.
This website backs up its database and files, which may contain personal data, solely for the purpose of  backing up this website.
This website’s security firewall only logs IP addresses that it blocks due to suspicious activity. These logs purge after 30 days.
This website shares personal data where necessary with third-party booksellers (i.e., Amazon, B&N, Kobo, etc.) providing services or functions on this website’s behalf who require this information. Please note that these booksellers have privacy policies, please read their terms, etc.
NOTE: This website’s current privacy policy may change due to updates where necessary, so please do check back to see if there has been an update.
For this website’s cookie policy, please see the Cookie Policy Page.
Where to Buy
United States
United Kingdom
Canada
Newsletter SignupStay informed of the latest information about my books, new and upcoming, and other general news by joining my newsletter!
Stay Informed
Where to Buy C.H. Admirand's Books United States United Kingdom Canada
Copyright © 2020 C.H. Admirand | An Austin DesignWorks Production
Privacy PolicyCookie Policy
This website uses cookies for a better browsing experience and to analyze site traffic (anonymous IPs) to improve site performance. Find out more about how cookies are used on this site and how you can manage cookies in your browser by reading the Cookie PolicyAcceptDecline
Accept