http://www.dancingfordessert.com/privacyandsecurity.htm
Home
Tour
Dance Lessons
Wedding Dance
Dance Articles
FAQ
Store
Login
Foxtrot
Waltz
Tango
Swing
Rumba
Cha Cha
Salsa
Wedding
Privacy & Security:
Privacy & Security Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices of Webdancer Studios Inc. ("Webdancer") with regard to its website at www.dancingfordessert.com and subsidiary web pages (the "Site").
Webdancer's policy is to notify you of:
What personally identifiable information of yours or of any third party is collected from you through the Site;
The identity of the organization collecting the information;
How the information is used;
With whom the information may be shared;
What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information;
The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under Webdancer's control; and
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
If you feel that Webdancer is not abiding by its posted privacy policy, you should first contact the "Webdancer Privacy Officer"
By mail:	6822 Westview Dr., Delta, B.C., Canada, V4E 2L8
By email: info@dancingfordessert.com
WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED
This section sets out what information we collect and where/when we collect it.
Registration
While you can access our home page and some free information without registering in any way, if you decide to acquire any of our paid products or services, you will be required to fill out a registration form.
That form requires that you provide us with various personal contact information, including name, address, and email address.
Use of the Site
If you acquire any of our paid products or services, we will collect information about your purchasing behavior. We also collect comments provided by way of feedback.
This information may be aggregated and statistics generated from it and subsequently released by us, on a purely anonymous basis.
To clarify, we DO NOT resell information about your individual buying habits.
We will also collect certain information from you like your billing address and other specific financial information, directly or from transaction documents used in the process of acquiring paid services, in order to establish the financial resources necessary to conclude the transaction.
Order
If you acquire any of our paid products or services, we will collect contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date).
This information is used for billing purposes and to fill user's orders.
If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with you.
Surfing habits
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track users' movements, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
WHAT DO WE DO WITH THAT INFORMATION
This section sets out, generally, what we do with the information we collect from you.
This section also tells you how to let us know if you want that information deleted or changes.
Specific Limits on Our Use of Information; Law Enforcement Exceptions
We will not sell, share, or rent any of your personal information.
Please note that Webdancer cooperates with all law enforcement inquiries and with third-parties who are enforcing their intellectual property or other proprietary rights and where required by law, will disclose your personal information to appropriate authorities.
Sharing
We may share aggregated demographic information with our advertisers and other business entities.
However, this information will not enable you to be identified.
Promotions
We may use your personal information in order to structure promotional campaigns for the Site, and to contact you in the future.
Out of respect for your privacy we present the option to not receive these types of communications.
Site and Service Updates
We may also send our paying customers site and service announcement updates; such users cannot opt out of such notifications, which contain important information about our products and services.
Removal of or Correcting Personal Information:
Please contact us at any time if you want any information specifically about you removed from our database.
Please also contact us if you want to correct or update your personal information as contained in our database.
If a user's personally identifiable information changes, or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user's personal data provided to us.
This can usually be done at the member information page or by emailing our Customer Support at info@dancingfordessert.com.
However, we have the right to retain all data, including personal information, for record-keeping purposes or any other purpose, subject to the other restrictions in this Privacy Policy.
MISCELLANOUS
This section sets out other conditions and aspects of our use of your personal information and terms under which we keep such personal information private.
Ownership
Subject to our rights to use and share such information as described in this Privacy Policy, you own any and all personally identifiable information you elect to provide us or collected by us.
We generate and accumulate high-level statistical or trend-based information relative to this web site.
Such information is anonymous and will not identify you on a personal basis.
We own such information.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the computer hard drive or memory containing information about the user.
Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates.
For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the user would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site.
If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site.
The only drawback to this is that the user will be limited in some areas of our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.
Some of our business partners use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers).
However, we have no access to or control over those cookies.
Choice/Opt-out
Our users are given the opportunity to 'opt-in' to having their information used for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask for the information.
For example, our order form has an 'opt-in' mechanism so users who buy a product or service from us, and want marketing material, can elect to have their email address placed on our lists.
Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials from our partners may opt-out of receiving these communications by replying to unsubscribe in the subject line in the newsletter/promotional email, or by emailing us at info@dancingfordessert.com.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Webdancer is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this site.
Security
Webdancer takes every precaution to protect our users' information.
When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.
When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with Single Socket Layer encryption - SSL - a highly effective and widely respected encryption method used by most web sites to secure their commercial transactions. Any user information or credit card information stored on our database is also encrypted while stored.
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line.
Only employees or contractors who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to info@dancingforsessert.com.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post notice of those changes on the Site so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
If at any point we determine that we wish to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify you by way of an email to the address you initially provided.
You will then have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner. However, we will retain the right to use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Contact Us |
Privacy & Security |
Terms & Conditions |
Network |
Site Map
© 2006 Dancing for Dessert ™
All rights reserved.
Designed by Kubix Media Inc. & Webdancer Studios.
Relentless Technology - Vancouver Internet Marketing Company