http://www.everymantheatre.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Everyman Theatre is concerned about protecting the privacy of our website visitors. Everyman Theatre does not collect personally identifying data, such as names, addresses, email addresses, except when voluntarily submitted by website visitors. Our site uses online software and forms through which our patrons, donors, and guests request tickets, information and other services. We collect buyer contact information (e.g., their email addresses and mailing address), unique identifiers (e.g., their patron ID number) and financial information (e.g., their account and credit card numbers). Contact information from our order forms or information request forms is used to fulfill orders and send information about the Everyman Theatre to our patrons by email or conventional mail. A patron's contact information is also used to contact the patron when necessary. Unique identifiers (such as patron ID numbers) are collected from website patrons to verify the user identity and for use as account numbers in our record system. Information that Everyman Theatre collects is used to make our website more useful by helping us learn about the number of visitors to our site and the types of technology our visitors use. We do not track or record information about individuals and their visits. The information we receive depends on what you do when visiting this site. In general, we receive two types of information: the personal information you provide voluntarily, and aggregate information about users as a whole.
Personal Information
We may request personal information when you buy tickets or merchandise or register for online contests or other promotional programs we may offer. This personal information may include your name, email address, phone number, street address, etc.
Aggregate Information
Because of the way Internet computer servers work, we receive certain types of information about general activity at the Everyman Theatre website. This does not include personal identifying information, but does include the number of times the Everyman Theatre website is visited, which pages are requested most, the domain names (e.g., "aol.com") from which visitors are coming, and the date and time of each visit. Everyman Theatre compiles this information into an aggregate form for statistical analysis and reporting. These reports track website activity overall rather than on an individual level.
The personal information you voluntarily provide is used to fulfill your request(s) (e.g., for ticket orders, information, entry in a contest or sweepstakes, etc.). Because aggregate information does not include personal identifying information, we cannot use aggregate information to identify you. We review it for statistical purposes. This helps us continue to build a better website for you. We may disclose aggregate data to third parties (such as advertisers or actual or potential donors) or include it in public records.
Security
Everyman Theatre uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology when finalizing your order. SSL provides strong encryption and security for processing online transactions. If you experience any difficulty or prefer to place your order by telephone, please contact the Everyman Theatre Box Office at 410.752.2208.
Choice/Opt-Out
Send a remove request if you no longer wish to receive news and special offers from Everyman Theatre. Remember, however, that by electing to remove your name from the list, you will no longer have first access to ticket offers and the latest news about Everyman Theatre.
Links
Everyman Theatre provide links to other third-party websites, and other websites may provide links to the Everyman Theatre website. Third-party websites operate according to their own terms of use and privacy policies. Everyman Theatre has no control over such third-party websites, and therefore you acknowledge and agree that Everyman Theatre is not responsible for the availability of such third-party sites and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such sites. You further acknowledge and agree that Everyman Theatre will not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites.
Consent
By using the Everyman Theatre website, you consent to the collection and use of information as described above. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of the types of information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Contacting Everyman Theatre
If you have any questions about Everyman Theatre, contact our Box Office at 410.752.2208.