http://www.fromfloraandfauna.ca/privacy-policy
Home »
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
From Flora and Fauna operates http://www.fromfloraandfauna.ca and may operate other websites. It is our policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, From Flora and Fauna collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Mustang Danny’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Mustang Danny’s visitors use its website. From time to time, From Flora and Fauna may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
From Flora and Fauna also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on resolutiongeophysical.com blogs/sites. From Flora and Fauna only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to From Flora and Fauna websites choose to interact with From Flora and Fauna in ways that require From Flora and Fauna to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that From Flora and Fauna gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at resolutiongeophysical.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with From Flora and Fauna are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, From Flora and Fauna collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Mustang Danny. From Flora and Fauna does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
From Flora and Fauna may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. From Flora and Fauna may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, From Flora and Fauna does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
From Flora and Fauna discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on From Flora and Fauna behalf or to provide services available at From Flora and Fauna websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using From Flora and Fauna websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. From Flora and Fauna will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, From Flora and Fauna discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when From Flora and Fauna believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Mustang Danny, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of From Flora and Fauna website and have supplied your email address, From Flora and Fauna may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with From Flora and Fauna and our products. If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. From Flora and Fauna takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. From Flora and Fauna uses cookies to help From Flora and Fauna identify and track visitors, their usage of From Flora and Fauna website, and their website access preferences. From Flora and Fauna visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using From Flora and Fauna websites, with the drawback that certain features of From Flora and Fauna websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Mustang Danny, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that From Flora and Fauna goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of From Flora and Fauna may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by From Flora and Fauna and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, From Flora and Fauna may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in From Flora and Fauna sole discretion. From Flora and Fauna encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a resolutiongeophysical.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Recent Posts
How to Teach Black History
House Parts to Inspect When Purchasing a New Home
Several Ways to Save Your Money from Bills
Things to Remember When Hiring Appliance Service Near You
What a Professional Event Management Company Can Provide You
Recent Comments
Search for:
Archives
January 2020
July 2019
April 2019
January 2019
December 2018
March 2018
January 2018
July 2017
June 2017
Categories
Appliance Repair
Car
Carpet and Bedding
Carpet Cleaning
Garage Door
Roofing Services
Swimming Pool
Uncategorized