http://www.wildlifewarriors.org.au/privacy
Home
About
Menu
About
Our Inspiration
Vision and Mission
Australia Zoo
Global Ambassadors
Wildlife Warriors Crew
Board of Directors
Corporate Advisory Board
Corporate and Government Support
Conference Centre
Projects
Menu
Conservation Projects
News From the Field
Australia Zoo Wildlife Hospital
Australia Zoo Rescue Unit
Crocodile Research
Women For Wildlife
Whale Shark
Wildlife In Oregon
Grey Nurse Sharks
Sumatran Tigers
Koala Conservation
Cambodian Elephants
Cheetah
Black Rhinoceros
Steve Irwin Wildlife Reserve
Conservation Partners
Donations and Bequests
Menu
Donations
Monthly Giving
Wildlife Hospital Donations
Bequests
Get Involved
Menu
Get Involved
Events
Visionary Wildlife Warriors
Readathon
Backyard Campout
Community Fundraising
Corporate Wildlife Warriors
Workplace Giving
Wildlife and Nature Activities for Kids
Donation Box Program
Living with Wildlife
Volunteering
Sign up for our newsletter
Contact
Privacy
Australia Zoo Wildlife Warriors Limited values and respects the right to privacy of all individuals and organisations and complies with the provisions of the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth).
Australia Zoo Wildlife Warriors Limited values and respects the right to privacy of all individuals and organisations and complies with the provisions of the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth).
What information is collected?
The kind of Personal Information we collect and store will depend upon the type of initiative you support or enquire about. We only collect information that is reasonably necessary for one or more of our functions and activities.
Personal Information collected by Australia Zoo Wildlife Warriors Limited may include:
your contact information - name, address, email address, phone number, mobile phone number
your date of birth and gender
your bank account or credit card details
In respect of website users we do not generally collect "sensitive information" (such as information about ethnic origin, religious or political views, health information, tax file numbers, etc).
Why do we collect Personal Information?
You do not have to disclose any Personal Information to us, but we do need certain information in order to provide specific services or information to you. Personal details will be used for the purposes for which it is collected (e.g. donations) and/or to provide you with Australia Zoo Wildlife Warriors Limited correspondence. We may also use this information to communicate to you other activities that Australia Zoo Wildlife Warriors Limited is currently undertaking, as well as keeping you up to date about changes to our website. By supplying us with your Personal Information you give us permission to use your Personal Information for these purposes.
If you choose to provide us with your email address, we will try to communicate with you via email.
If you do not want to receive further information about current activities and projects, please call 07 5436 2026 (International +61 7 5436 2026) or email info@wildlifewarriors.org.au.
How information is collected:
Personal Information may be collected by the forms you fill out and provide to us (including online forms), telephone calls, emails, in person and your visits to our website.
Australia Zoo Wildlife Warriors Limited collect cookie information when you visit our website.
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user's computer for record keeping purposes.
We use cookies on our websites to identify repeat viewers and make it easier for you to navigate our site.
If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some features of our site may be limited.
Where is the information held?
Personal Information provided via this website, or mailed or faxed to us is held in our databases at our offices in Beerwah. We store Personal Information in a variety of formats including on databases, in hard copy files and on personal devices, including laptop computers. Personal Information is retained in secure hard copy and electronic files.
We make every effort to ensure Personal Information is kept secure and take reasonable steps to protect it from misuse, loss, interference, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
In the event of a data breach involving a loss of, unauthorised access to or misuse of your Personal Information, we will report such breach to you and any relevant authority as required by law.
We confirm that Australia Zoo Wildlife Warriors Limited will not share the information you provide us with any other person or organisation, either in Australia or to overseas recipients, unless you have specifically given us permission to do so.
Accessing your information
At any time you can request a copy of the Personal Information we have on file about you, or request a change or deletion of information.
Any request from you must be in writing and we will then verify your identity and provide the requested information within a reasonable time.
We reserve the right to charge a fee to cover the cost of verification of identity and retrieving, copying and supplying any material requested.
Complaints
If you have a problem or complaint, please let us know.
You may lodge your complaint at info@wildlifewarriors.org.au.
We will deal with complaints as follows:
Let us know
If you would like to make a complaint, you should let us know by contacting our Privacy Officer (see below for contact details).
Investigation of complaint
Your complaint will be investigated by our Privacy Officer. A response to your complaint will be provided in writing within a reasonable period.
Contact OAIC
We expect our procedures will deal fairly and promptly with your complaint.
If you believe that we have not adequately dealt with your complaint, you may complain to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner at www.oaic.gov.au
Change of details
You can correct and update your Personal Information, make a complaint, or opt out of any future communications by:
Sending an e-mail to info@wildlifewarriors.org.au
Phone our Community Engagement Coordinator on Int Tel: 61 7 5436 2026
Fax to: 61 7 5436 2141
Post to: Att: Privacy Officer
Australia Zoo Wildlife Warriors Limited
PO Box 29
Beerwah Qld Australia 4519
Protecting information provided via the Internet
Our site uses security encrypted response forms when personal and financial details are requested. The security we use between your browser and our web-site is SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) encryption.
Links with other sites
Australia Zoo Wildlife Warriors Limited website contains links to other sites. Other sites may also have links to our website. In either case, we are not responsible for the content, privacy practices or business practices of any website or company except our own.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to vary this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently.
Changes to this Privacy Policy will be published by posting an updated Privacy Policy on our website and are effective upon posting.
Your continued use of our website, provision of information or receipt of information, will signify your consent to be bound by this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 1st June 2018.
PO Box 29Beerwah QLD 4519 Australia
Freecall (Australia Only): 1800 33 43 50
Phone (AUS): +61-7-5436-2026
Phone (USA): +1-541-687-4788
Fax: +61-7-5436-2141
Email: info@wildlifewarriors.org.au
Sign up for our newsletter
Privacy Statement
© Australia Zoo Wildlife Warriors and Wildlife Warriors Worldwide – USA 2020