http://www.trinityhouse.co.uk/legal-notices
Disclaimer
This website is intended for informational purposes only.
This website is used for non-commercial purposes. In particular, this limited licence does not permit you to incorporate any material from this web site in any other work, publications or web site either of your own or belonging to any third party without the prior consent of the Corporation of Trinity House London (Trinity House).
This website is intended to provide general information on a particular subject or subjects and is not an exhaustive treatment of such subject(s). Accordingly, the information in this Website is not intended to constitute any legal, consultative or other professional advice, service or contract in any way.
This website and the information contained herein is provided "as is", and Trinity House makes no express or implied representations or warranties regarding this website or the information in it. Without limiting the foregoing, Trinity House does not warrant that the website or information in it will be error-free or will meet any particular criteria of performance or quality. Trinity House expressly disclaims all implied warranties, including, without limitation, warranties of merchantability, title, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy.
Your use of this website and information in it is at your own risk. You assume full responsibility and risk of loss resulting from the use of this website or information in it. None of Trinity House or its affiliates, or any partners, principals, stockholders or employees of any thereof will be liable for any special, indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages or any other damages whatsoever, whether in an action of contract, statute, tort (including, without limitation, negligence) or otherwise, relating to the use of this website or information contained in it.
If any of the foregoing is not fully enforceable for any reason, the remainder shall nonetheless continue to apply.
"Trinity House" and the Trinity House logo (and any of the foregoing used in any combination), product names and all page headers, footers and icons are trademarks or registered trademarks of Trinity House Lighthouse Service. All other product names, Company names and logos mentioned are the trademarks of their respective owners.
Certain links in this website may lead to resources or information maintained by third parties over whom Trinity House has no control. Trinity House makes no representations or warranties as to the accuracy of, or any other aspect relating to those resources.
Data Protection Privacy Notice
Download our Data Protection Privacy Notice notice (PDF)
COVID-19 Data Protection Contract Tracing Scheme Privacy Notice
Download our COVID-19 Data Protection Contract Tracing Scheme Privacy Notice (PDF)
Information Charter
Trinity House is not required to comply with the Freedom of Information Act, however we will comply with the spirit of the Act to allow access to information wherever appropriate. Requests for information should be addressed to our Public Relations and Records Manager, Neil Jones. He can be contacted at neil.jones@trinityhouse.co.uk or at Trinity House, Tower Hill, London, EC3N 4DH.
Publication Scheme
Trinity House's Publication Scheme is available to download [PDF].
Register of Interests
Trinity House maintains a Register of Interests to record the personal or business interests of Directors and Senior Managers of Trinity House that may conflict with their responsibilities as members of either the Trinity House Lighthouse Board or Senior Management Team. The Register is updated on an annual basis and is available for public inspection. For further information, please contact Thomas Arculus: thomas.arculus@trinityhouse.co.uk
Telephone Calls
Calls to our Operations and Planning Centre and out of hours calls may be recorded for information purposes. This information will not be released to any third party, except as required by law.
"The Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond"
"The Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond" is incorporated by Royal Charter in England and Wales. The Royal Charter number is RC 000622. The Registered Office is Trinity House, Tower Hill, London, EC3N 4DH
Policies, plans and guides
The strategies, policies and statutory frameworks that define our work as a General Lighthouse Authority
Publications
Download Trinity House publications
Governance and Accounts
As defined by our Royal Charter, Trinity House is governed by the Master, Wardens and Assistants with support from a broad maritime fraternity