http://www.codanj.com/privacy-policy/
Support New Jersey's premiere professional ballet company Donate
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to the www.codanj.com and The Company of Dance Arts (CODA) and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to The Company of Dance Arts include www.codanj.com and CODA. The CODA website is an ecommerce and information site. By using the CODA website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
If you create an account on the CODA site, CODA may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name or email. If you purchase CODA’s products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
If you contact us by letter, e-mail, phone, or in person, it is possible that information about the communication may be collected.
Collection of Anonymous Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by CODA. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the CODA website.
Links and Embedded Content
CODA’s website may include links to other sites or embedded content, such as Vimeo videos. Once you leave our servers, CODA does not control the privacy policies of destination sites. CODA encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from CODA so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. CODA is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the CODA website.
Use of your Personal Information
CODA collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
CODA may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from CODA. CODA may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
CODA does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
CODA may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to CODA, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
CODA may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within CODA, in order to determine what CODA services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within CODA to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
CODA will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on CODA or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of CODA; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of CODA, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The CODA website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize CODA pages, or register with CODA site or services, a cookie helps CODA to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same CODA website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the CODA features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the CODA services or websites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Children Under Thirteen
CODA does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Jurisdiction and Venue
All users, including those who access the web sites from a country other than the U.S., agree by virtue of their use that the laws of the State of New Jersey shall govern any disputes, including any arising from or in connection with use of the sites and any arising from CODA’s use of personal information or otherwise relating to privacy and that any claim made against the CODA can only be brought in a federal or state court in Monmouth County, New Jersey.
Changes to this Statement
CODA will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. CODA encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how CODA is protecting your information.
Contact Information
CODA welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that CODA has not adhered to this Statement, please contact CODA at:
The Company of Dance Arts
70 Apple Street
Tinton Falls, NJ 07724
732-842-4015
The Company of Dance Arts is a 501 (c)(3) Nonprofit Corporation.
Effective as of September 1, 2017