http://www.voicechasers.com/policy.php
Privacy Policy | Voice Chasers
Login :: Register
Home
Database
Community
Events
Shop
Help
Contact
Please register with us to participate
in the forums and suggest updates to our
database via the links at the bottom of every
voice actor and
production page.
Actor
Production
Character
Agency
Forums
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY AND COPYRIGHT INFORMATION
1. Overview
Thank you for visiting Voice Chasers (the "Web Site") and reviewing our
Privacy Policy. Your privacy is important to us, and our policy is simple:
we will collect no personally identifiable information about you when you
visit the Web Site unless you choose to provide that information. This
Privacy Policy does not describe information collection practices on other
sites, including those linked to or from the Web Site.
2. What Type of Information We Collect
The server on which the Web Site is located collects and saves only the
default information customarily logged by web server software. Such
information may include the date and time of your visit, the originating IP
address, and the pages and images requested. This information and the
information in your Voice Chasers Profile will never be sold to a
third-party and is for statistical purposes only.
3. Children's Issues
The Web Site is not directed to children under thirteen (13) years of
age, and children under such age must not use the web site or services
offered on it to submit any individually identifiable information about
themselves.
4. Copyright
The materials found on the Web Site are protected by United States and
other copyright laws, except for works of the United States Government
pursuant to 1 U.S.C. Section 105. The selection, arrangement and
presentation of all materials (including information in the public domain),
and the overall design of the Web Site are copyright © December 01,
2004, Dekiru Productions. Permission is granted to view and print materials
from Voice Chasers for the non-commercial purpose of viewing, reading and
retaining for reference. Any other copying, distribution, retransmission or
modification of information or materials on this site, whether in electronic
or hard copy form, without the express prior written permission of Dekiru
Productions, is strictly prohibited.
5. Trademarks
Voice Chasers is a trademark of Dekiru Productions.
6. No Warranties
Voice Chasers does not make any express or implied warranties,
representations or endorsements whatsoever (including, without limitation,
the implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular
purpose) with regard to the web site, the materials, any products,
information or service provided through the web site, or any sites listed
therein, and the web site will not be liable for any cost or damage arising
either directly or indirectly from any such transaction. The Web Site does
not warrant that it will be uninterrupted or error-free or that defects in
it will be corrected. The Web Site is provided on an "as is, as available"
basis.
In no event will the web site or its members, managers, officers,
employees, agents and the assigns of same be liable for (1) any incidental,
consequential or indirect damages (including, but not limited to, damages
for loss of profits, business interruption, loss of programs or information,
and the like) arising out of the use of or inability to use the web site,
the materials or any information, or transactions provided on the web site
or downloaded from the web site, even if the web site or its authorized
representatives have been advised of the possibility of such damages, or (2)
any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the web
site, the materials and/or listings or information downloaded through the
Web Site. Because some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of
liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may
not apply to you. In such states, the web site's liability is limited to the
greatest extent permitted by law.
7. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Web Site and its
members, managers, officers, employees, agents and the assigns of same, from
and against any and all loss, costs, expenses (including reasonable
attorneys' fees and expenses), claims, damages and liabilities related to or
associated with your use of the Web Site and any violation of this Privacy
Policy by you.
8. Governing Law and Jurisdiction
This Privacy Policy constitutes a contract made under and shall be
governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
Florida.
9. Last Update
This Privacy Policy was last updated on December 01, 2004.
10. Contact Information
Questions or comments regarding the Web Site should be sent by e-mail to
webmaster@voicechasers.com or
by U.S. mail to P.O. Box 4794, Winter Park, FL, 32793-4794.
© 1996-2020 Dekiru Productions LLC, All Rights Reserved
About :: Terms of Use :: Privacy Policy