http://www.louislamour.com/about/privacy.htm
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement:
Your right to privacy is very important. We recognize that when
you choose to provide us with information about yourself, you
trust us to act in a responsible manner. We believe this
information should only be used to help us provide you with
better service. That's why we have put a policy in place to
protect your personal information. Below is a summary of our
policy. Please note that not all sections of this policy apply to
all services or users.
Personal Information:
When you visit our e-commerce service ("Service") we collect a
variety of personal information depending on who you are and how
you entered the Service. We may collect browser type and IP
address for all visitors to the Service. We collect information
when you visit our store and during the purchase process. This
information includes your name, address, email address, credit
card information, and shopper preferences. Shopper preferences
consist of the URL indicating where you came from when you
entered the Service, information regarding the products you
purchased and which pages you viewed once you entered the
Service. The shopper preferences are then aggregated and used by
us to help us to improve our Service and to perform demographic
analysis for our marketing programs.
Cookies:
We collect some shopper information through the use of cookies.
We use cookies to help us provide you with a better shopping
experience. Cookies are used to collect order information as you
select items for purchase. Additionally, you have the option
during the shopper registration process to have us place a cookie
on your computer to record your registration information so that
you can shop without having to re-register each time. Cookies are
harmless and they do not contain any personal or private
information. Cookies from our Service can ONLY be read by our
Service and they must be turned on in order for you to use our
Service.
Disclosure of Shopper Information to 3rd Parties:
Louis L'Amour Enterprises, Inc. does not randomly sell, trade, or
rent your personal information to others. We may release your
information to trustworthy third parties, but you can tell us not
to by sending a blank e-mail message to noemail@louislamour.com.
(If you use more than one e-mail address to shop with us, send
this message from each e-mail account you use.) Also, Louis
L'Amour Enterprises, Inc. may provide aggregate statistics
obtained by cookies and shopper preference information (or a
subset of such information) about our customers, sales, traffic
patterns, and related site information to reputable third-party
vendors, but these statistics will include no personally
identifying information. Louis L'Amour Enterprises, Inc. may
release account information when we believe, in good faith, that
such release is reasonably necessary to (i) comply with law, (ii)
enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements or (iii)
protect the rights, property or safety of Louis L'Amour
Enterprises, Inc., our users, or others. In addition, Louis
L'Amour Enterprises, The Louis L'Amour Trading Post, Louis
L'Amour's Lost Treasures and other affiliated groups may use your
information for the purposes of marketing products, services and
ideas that meet our stringent criteria for quality, and
appropriatness for our customers.
Additional Information:
There are occasions where we may ask for additional information.
We do this to be able to better understand your needs, and
provide you with services that we believe may be valuable to you.
Prior to collecting additional information, we will explain the
purpose for which the information will be used. In addition, we
may keep information regarding your communications with us such
as emails and feedback.
Security:
We will take appropriate steps to protect your privacy. Whenever
you provide sensitive information (for example, a bank account or
credit card number), we will take reasonable steps to protect it.
When you place orders or access your account information, we
offer the use of a secure server. The secure server software
(SSL) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us.
Furthermore, all of the customer data we collect is protected
against unauthorized access. We will also take reasonable
security measures to protect your personal information in
storage. Credit card numbers are used only for payment processing
and are not used for marketing purposes (read our Secure Shopper Guarantee). Except as
stated in this Privacy Statement, we will not provide any of your
personal information to other companies or individuals without
your permission. However, we may release personal information
(including access logs) in response to all court orders and
lawful requests from governmental authorities.
Links:
Our Service may provide links to third party sites. Since we do
not control those websites, we encourage you to review the
privacy policies of these third party sites.
Children:
The Louis L'Amour Enterprises, Inc. website is family friendly
and contains no "adult" content. However, certain sections of the
site allow for visitors to post messages and while we make every
effort to police the content of posted messages, we cannot
guarantee the suitability of any of the content for persons under
the age of 18. For the purpose of purchasing merchandise, the
Service is not designed for children under the age of 18.
Your Consent:
By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of
this information by Louis L'Amour Enterprises, Inc. If we decide
to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this
page so that you are always aware of what information we collect,
how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. Tell
us what you think Louis L'Amour Enterprises, Inc welcomes your
questions and comments about privacy. Please send e-mail to
feedback@louislamour.com.
Questions?
We welcome comments and questions on this privacy statement. Due
to the rapidly evolving technologies on the Internet, we may
occasionally update this privacy statement. All revisions will be
posted to this site. Questions regarding this statement should be
directed by email to feedback@louislamour.com or by mail to:
Louis L'Amour Enterprises, Inc.,
P.O. Box 1211,
Issaquah, WA 98029
About Louis
Biography | Articles | Photos | Q & A With Beau L'Amour
Louis L'Amour Trading Post
Novels | Short Stories | Non-Fiction & Poetry
Audio Recordings | Movies | Merchandise
Louis L'Amour Community
Discussion Forum | Guest Book | F.A.Q. | Links
The Louis L'Amour
Leatherette Collection | Louis
L'Amour's Great Adventure
The Diamond of Jeru | Son of a Wanted
Man
Law of
the Desert Born
Shopping Cart | How to
Order | Complete Order Form
Privacy Policy | Who We Are | Contact Us | Welcome Page
Legal Notices © 2019, The Internet Trading Post LLC.
What's New
Novels
Short Stories
Non Fiction &
Poetry
Audio Books
Movies
Merchandise
About Louis
Louis L'Amour
Community
Welcome
Tweet
SEARCH
Type in keyword
or title here
Join Our
Mailing List!
Keep up to date on Louis L'Amour news, new book releases,
articles and much more . . .
Your Account
My Shopping Cart
Checkout
How to Order
Shipping Info
Secure Shopping
Guarantee
Mission Statement
Who We Are
Contact Us
Reading Guide
Books for Kids
Books for Women
Books for Teachers
The Lists
The Sackett Titles
Chronological List of Books
Audio CDs Unabridged
Audio CDs Dramatized
Audio CD Specials
2-for-1 and 3-for-1
Hardcover Titles
Large Print Titles
Hopalong Cassidy
Novels
Kilkenny Stories
Half-Price
Hardcovers
Centennial Edition Paperbacks
2-for-1 Novels
Book List
Complete List of Titles
by Category
Collected
Short Stories
Filmography
Movie Recommendations