https://www.cpr.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to Content CPR LogoNewsClassicalIndie 102.3KRCCListen LiveNeed help?DonateSearch InputYour privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
Member and donor names, mailing addresses, phone numbers or email addresses are not rented, traded or sold to other organizations or agencies.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Terms of Use
1. Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use License
1. Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Colorado Public Radio’s web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose;
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Colorado Public Radio’s web site;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials;
or transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
2. This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Colorado Public Radio at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on Colorado Public Radio’s web site are provided “as is”. Colorado Public Radio makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Colorado Public Radio does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Colorado Public Radio or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Colorado Public Radio’s Internet site, even if Colorado Public Radio or a Colorado Public Radio authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Colorado Public Radio’s web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Colorado Public Radio does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Colorado Public Radio may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Colorado Public Radio does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Colorado Public Radio has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Colorado Public Radio of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user’s own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Colorado Public Radio may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to Colorado Public Radio’s web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of Colorado without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
CPR thanks our sponsors.Become a sponsor
Ways To Support CPR
You make the news and music from Colorado Public Radio possible. Your active support builds our community, grounds us in shared experiences, and improves the lives of Coloradans. Support the stories and songs you and your neighbors rely on!
Become A Member
Become A Sponsor
Donate Your Car
Donate Real Estate
Shop For CPR Items!
Visit our new CPR Shop and get items such as face masks, shirts and hats. Proceeds from every purchase go to support the news and music you love. Go to shop.cpr.org
Upcoming EventsColorado Matters Holiday Extravaganza6:30pmOnlineDec09December’s Local 303 Virtual Meetup4:00pmOnlineDec14Colorado Gives Day
Colorado Gives Day is Tuesday, Dec. 8. Colorado Public Radio is proud to be part of the Colorado nonprofit community, and we're in good company! This year, we're highlighting six Colorado nonprofit organizations doing great work.
Read more and listen to profiles about each organization.