http://www.westarts.org/privacy-policy
0
PRIVACY POLICY
Western Arts Alliance (WAA) values individual privacy and we want to give our constituents the opportunity to know what information we collect. Data We Collect and How We Use ItWAA has various forms on our website that may ask for personally identifiable information. This information includes, but is not limited to, your name, professional title, place of employment, address, e-mail address, telephone number, IP address, and credit card information. We may use this information to respond to an inquiry or request, to help improve our website and our services, to customize your experience at our website, or to send updates or notices about our organization and the products we offer that we think may be of interest to you. We may also combine this information with other generally or publicly available information to help us identify visitors’ preferences or interests. We may provide information that identifies you to companies that assist us in these activities, such as helping us fulfill your request for a product, service or information.Here are other ways in which we might use data that you provide to us:The membership directory The electronic presenter list subscription The electronic conference attendee listWith the members’ express approval, WAA may occasionally provide, sell, or rent limited data to third parties, including companies that offer products and services for sale to WAA’s members. How we transfer and store your informationInformation you provide to us is always transferred and stored securely, and only authorized Western Arts Alliance staff, board, panel members, or other contractors have access to information in our database unless expressly stated at the point of data collection.WAA uses third-party software packages to collect and store information. This software includes form and payment processing programs, email marketing tools, and database vendors. Although we take measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we can’t assure you that personally identifiable information we collect will never be disclosed accidentally in the future.WAA reserves the right to disclose information where required by law or to comply with valid legal process (such as a search warrant, subpoena or court order), to protect WAA’s rights or property, including without limitation in the event of a transfer of control of WAA or substantially all of its assets, or during emergencies when safety is at risk.How You Can Control and Update Data About YouWe want to be sure that we keep only the most accurate and up-to-date information about you in our records. Therefore, whenever you believe that your contact information needs to be updated, you may login at http://www.westarts.org/user/login, then click Edit My Information to edit your profile data.You may choose at any time to remove your name, postal and/or email addresses from the lists we use to send notices or updates and may elect to not receive correspondence from us. To do so, login at http://www.westarts.org/user/login, click Edit My Information, and scroll down to Communication Preferences. You may not opt of membership-related correspondence including renewal notices/invoices, notices of election, etc.Cookie PolicyBy using or accessing this website (www.westarts.org) you are consenting to Western Arts Alliance’s use of browser cookies for analytics tracking.We use Google Analytics to analyze user activity in order to help us understand how our content is being consumed. Tracking cookies records a user’s entrance and path through our website, including which pages you visit, the amount of time spent on each page, the page you were looking at previously, and when you left our site. They may also record the type of browser you’re using, the operating system you’re using, and your IP address, which can be used to identify your general location (country/city).If you do not wish to have your usage tracked, you can install the Google Analytics opt-out add-on for your browser. The add-on does not prevent data from being sent to the website in other ways, for example, if you choose to fill out a form to provide us with more information.