http://www.vsjewelleryschool.com/privacy/
Privacy
At Vannetta Seecharran School of Jewellery we are dedicated to safeguarding and preserving your privacy when visiting our site or communicating electronically with us. This Privacy Policy provides an explanation as to what happens to any personal data that you provide to us, or that we collect from you. We do update this Policy from time to time so please do review this Policy regularly. For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 our data controller is Alasdair Waugh.
Information We Collect
In operating our website we may collect and process the following data about you:
Details of your visits to our website and the resources that you access, including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data.
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our website, such as when you registered for our newsletter or make a purchase.
Information provided to us when you communicate with us for any reason.
Use of Cookies
On occasion, we may gather information about your computer for our services and to provide statistical information.
Such information will not identify you personally it is statistical data about our visitors and their use of our site. This statistical data does not identify any personal details whatsoever.
Similarly to the above, we may gather information about your general internet use by using a cookie file. Where used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer automatically. This cookie file is stored on the hard drive of your computer as cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. They help us to improve our website and the service that we provide to you.
All computers have the ability to decline cookies. This can be done by activating the setting on your browser which enables you to decline the cookies. Please note that should you choose to decline cookies, you may be unable to access particular parts of our website.
Use of Your Information
The information that we collect and store relating to you is primarily used to enable us to provide our services to you. In addition, we may use the information for the following purposes:
To provide you with information requested from us, relating to our products or services. To provide information on other products which we feel may be of interest to you, where you have consented to receive such information.
To meet our contractual commitments to you.
To notify you about any changes to our website, such as improvements or service/product changes, that may affect our service.
We may contact you with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale to you. You can opt out of such contact when you give us your details or at any other time.
Storing Your Personal Data
We may transfer data that we collect from you to locations outside of the European Economic Area for processing and storing. Also, it may be processed by staff operating outside the European Economic Area who work for us or for one of our suppliers. For example, such staff maybe engaged in the processing and concluding of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all reasonable steps to make sure that your data is treated securely and in agreement with this Privacy Policy.
Data that is provided to us is stored on our secure servers. Details relating to any transactions entered into on our site will be encrypted to ensure its safety.
The transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure and therefore we cannot guarantee the security of data sent to us electronically and transmission of such data is therefore entirely at your own risk.
Disclosing Your Information
Where applicable, we may disclose your personal information to any member of our group.
We may also disclose your personal information to third parties:
Where we sell any or all of our business and/or our assets to a third party.
Where we are legally required to disclose your information.
To assist fraud protection and minimise credit risk.
Access To Information
The Data Protection Act 1998 gives you the right to access the information that we hold about you. Should you wish to receive details that we hold about you please contact us using the contact details below.
Contacting Us
We welcome any queries, comments or requests you may have regarding this Privacy Policy. Please do not hesitate to contact us at classes@vannetta.com