http://www.tafelmusik.org/tafelmusik-privacy-policy-0
Skip to main content
Tickets
Shop
Donate
Email Sign Up
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
Instagram
Main Box Office: tickets@tafelmusik.org
Login
Main Box Office: tickets@tafelmusik.org
Menu
Home
Online2020 Winter Digital Season
Tafel Magazine
#TafelmusikTogether
How To Access
ConcertsCurrent Season
2020/21 Subscriptions: Winter Digital Season
Haus Musik
Tafelmusik in the Community
Subscriber Benefits
Tafelscene
Ticket Policies
Venues & Box Offices
Enhance Your Experience
Support UsRe-Setting the Stage
Ways to Give
Become a Member
Partnership Opportunities
Volunteer
Artist TrainingTafelmusik Baroque Summer Institute
Tafelmusik Winter Institute
Masterclasses and Lessons
On TourCurrent Tours
Where We've Been
Book Tafelmusik
Touring Programs
ShopCDs & DVDs
Watch & Listen
Blog
Contact
AboutMeet Tafelmusik
Discography
Black lives matter
General Information
Media Room
Search form
Search
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
Instagram
Tafelmusik Privacy Policy
Browse PrivacyHomeOnline - 2020 Winter Digital Season - Tafel Magazine - #TafelmusikTogether - How To AccessConcerts - Current Season - 2020/21 Subscriptions: Winter Digital Season - Haus Musik - Tafelmusik in the Community - Subscriber Benefits - Tafelscene - Ticket Policies - Venues & Box Offices -- Jeanne Lamon Hall -- Koerner Hall -- George Weston Recital Hall -- Temerty Theatre -- Roy Thomson Hall - Enhance Your Experience -- Frequently Asked QuestionsSupport Us - Re-Setting the Stage - Ways to Give -- Membership -- Make a Gift of Securities -- Bequests & Planned Gifts --- A Bequest in Your Will --- A Gift of Life Insurance --- A Charitable Gift Annuity --- Legacy Society -- Endowment --- A Bequest in Your Will --- A Gift of Life Insurance --- A Charitable Gift Annuity -- Name a Seat - Become a Member - Partnership Opportunities -- Corporate Opportunities -- Government Partners -- Our Current Sponsors - Volunteer - ContactArtist Training - Tafelmusik Baroque Summer Institute -- Program Overview --- Instrumental --- Vocal -- Faculty -- Application Process -- Fees & Financial Assistance -- Testimonials from Past Participants -- Contact - Tafelmusik Winter Institute - Masterclasses and LessonsOn Tour - Current Tours - Where We've Been - Book Tafelmusik - Touring ProgramsShop - CDs & DVDsWatch & ListenBlog - Media Room - Biography - Media Releases - Press Photos - The Galileo Project -- Overview -- Program -- Press Photos -- Press Reviews -- Booking Information - House of Dreams -- Overview -- Programme -- Press Photos -- Video Excerpts -- Press Reviews -- Booking Information - J.S. Bach: The Circle of Creation -- Overview -- Program -- Press -- Press Photos -- Video Excerpts -- Booking Information - Safe Haven -- Safe Haven: Program -- Safe Haven: Press Photos -- Safe Haven: Booking Information - Tales of Two Cities -- Tales of Two Cities: Program -- Tales of Two Cities: Press Photos -- Tales of Two Cities: Press Reviews -- Tales of Two Cities: Booking InformationContact - Tafelmusik Shop FAQ - Download tutorialAbout - Meet Tafelmusik -- About Tafelmusik -- The Orchestra --- Elisa Citterio, Music Director --- Patricia Ahern, violin --- Geneviève Gilardeau, violin --- Christopher Verrette, violin --- Julia Wedman, violin --- Cristina Zacharias, violin --- Brandon Chui, viola --- Patrick G. Jordan, viola --- Keiran Campbell, violoncello --- Allen Whear, violoncello --- Pippa Macmillan, double bass --- John Abberger, oboe --- Marco Cera, oboe --- Dominic Teresi, bassoon --- Charlotte Nediger, harpsichord, organ -- The Choir --- Choir Director ---- Ivars Taurins --- Soprano ---- Katy Clark ---- Francine Labelle (on leave 2020/21) ---- Roseline Lambert ---- Carrie Loring ---- Meghan Moore ---- Susan Suchard ---- Sinéad White ---- Agnes Zsigovics --- Alto ---- Nicholas Burns ---- Kate Helsen ---- Simon Honeyman ---- Valeria Kondrashov ---- Peter Mahon ---- Richard Whittall (on leave 2020/21) --- Tenor ---- Paul Jeffrey ---- Will Johnson ---- Robert Kinar (on leave 2020/21) ---- Cory Knight ---- Kevin Myers --- Bass ---- Alexander Bowie ---- Parker Clements ---- Keith Lam ---- Graham Robinson ---- Daniel Thielmann ---- David Yung ---- Andrei Streliaev -- Awards -- Reviews - Discography - Black lives matter - General Information -- Board & Staff -- Jobs & Auditions --- An Emotional Tafelmusik Season Finale --- Tafelmusik Awarded CAPACOA --- Interview: Cecilia Bernardini in conversation with William Littler --- Western Welcomes Tafelmusik - Media RoomGo
Tafelmusik is committed to respecting the personal information of all Tafelmusik patrons, members, volunteers, staff, board of directors, web-users and other stakeholders. In order to protect the privacy of our patrons, members and supporters, Tafelmusik has the following policies:
1. Defining Personal Information
Personal information is any information that can be used to distinguish, identify or contact a specific individual.  This information can include an individual's opinions or beliefs, as well as facts about, or related to, the individual.
Exceptions: business contact information and certain publicly available information, such as names, addresses and telephone numbers as published in telephone directories, are not considered personal information.
2. Collection of Information
Tafelmusik collects personal information (such as address or ticket history) only from ticket-buyers, members, donors and others who have actively shown or are likely to show at interest in the organization.
Individuals will be informed about the purposes for which their information will be used.
Composite tallies of website page views, search terms, and other traffic information useful for improving the design and content of our site. This composite information does not identify individual website users.
Our website utilizes cookies to collect information about how our website is used. Cookies are a feature of web browser software that allows web servers to recognize the computer used to access a website. Cookies are files stored by a user's web browser on the user's hard drive. Cookies remember what information a user accesses on a given web page to simplify subsequent interactions with that specific site by the same user. Information is collected on an aggregate basis; none of the information is associated with you as an individual.
3. Storage of Information
Personal information is stored in our database(s) and in hard copy files. Only authorized Tafelmusik personnel have access to this information.
Personal information that is no longer required to fulfill the stated purpose < will be destroyed or made anonymous.
4. Use of Information
Tafelmusik uses personal information to better serve our patrons and to expand our community.  Primarily, this includes:
Mailings (by post or electronic) and phone calls to provide information about tickets, memberships and donations
Mailings (by post or electronic) and phone calls to thank supporters and issue tax receipts
Mailings (by post or electronic) and phone calls to invite members and supporters to special events
Mailings (by post or electronic) and phone calls to sell subscriptions, tickets and solicit donations
Tafelmusik is committed to using personal information in a respectful and useful way. Patrons, members and supporters will receive information that we believe will be in their interest. Tafelmusik will also commit itself to making sure patrons, members and donors do not receive more than a reasonable number of letters or phone calls.
If an individual requests that their personal information not be used for one of these purposes as noted above, or for any other purpose, that request will be honoured. The individual's account will be updated accordingly.
5. Disclosure of Information
Tafelmusik never discloses the personal information of subscribers or donors to any third party. Occasionally, we exchange lists of names and addresses of single ticket buyers with other like-minded arts organizations.
This exchange happens only through a third party data and mailing service organization, so that neither organization has access to the personal information. The contracted third party must comply with strict data privacy standards, including rules and guidelines of federal privacy legislation, and is required to destroy the information supplied after one use.
Contact Information
Questions or comments regarding this policy, or the administration of the Privacy Act at Tafelmusik may be directed to:
Tafelmusik Baroque Orchestra and Chamber Choir427 Bloor Street West  Toronto, ON  M5S 1X7(416) 964-9562 or info@tafelmusik.org
Explore
Tafelmusik in 45 seconds!
Explore Canada’s most toured orchestra with this short video. WATCH
Re-Setting the Stage
Your gift ensures that Tafelmusik will remain strong.
The Bloor St. Culture Corridor
A mile of cultural treasures in the heart of Toronto READ MORE
TAFELMUSIKHomeConcerts & TicketsWatch & ListenOn TourShopEducationSupport UsAboutMedia RoomContactPrivacyTicket and patron policiesFAQToronto Classical Music ConcertsToronto Orchestra Performances427 Bloor Street West Box 14 Toronto, Ontario M5S 1X7   Box Office (Trinity-St. Paul's Centre, Jeanne Lamon Hall) T: 1 (833) 964-6337 Administration T: 1 (833) 964-6337Charitable Registration Number: 11920 8320 RR0001© 2020 Tafelmusik Baroque Orchestra & Chamber Choir Tafelmusik
This site was made possible thanks to:
The Ontario Arts Council The Ontario Trillium Foundation