http://www.essential-music-practice.com/privacy-policy.html
Essential-Music-Practice.com
Real Musical ProgressStarts Here
Menu
Home
Practice TechniquesEfficient PracticeMusic Practice GamesScalesTranscribe Music
Practice ToolsMetronomesSoftwareRecordingMusic Practice AppDownloadsOnline Music Courses
BooksPractice BooksPractice eBookLesson NotesSheet Music
General PracticeParentsPerformanceMusic Quotes
Site NewsSite NewsNewsletter
AboutAbout MeThe Story of EMPLearning BassContactLicensing BooksHack Your PracticeMusic Practice Workshop
Essential Music Practice Privacy Policy
e recognize that your privacy is important. This documentoutlines the types of personal information we receive andcollect when you use Essential Music Practice, as well as someof the steps we take to safeguard information. We hope thiswill help you make an informed decision about sharingpersonal information with us.Essential Music Practice strives to maintain the higheststandards of decency, fairness and integrity in all ouroperations. Likewise, we are dedicated to protecting our customers', consumers' and online visitors' privacy on our website.
Personal Information
Essential Music Practice collects personally identifiableinformation from the visitors to our website only on avoluntary basis. Personal information collected on avoluntary basis may include name, postal address, emailaddress, company name and telephone number.This information is collected if you request informationfrom us, participate in a contest or sweepstakes, and signup to join our email list or request some other service orinformation from us. The information collected is internallyreviewed, used to improve the content of our website, notifyour visitors of updates, and respond to visitor inquiries.Once information is reviewed, it is discarded or stored inour files. If we make material changes in the collection ofpersonally identifiable information we will inform you byplacing a notice on our site. Personal information received from any visitor will be used only for internal purposes and will not be sold or provided to third parties.
Use of Cookies and Web Beacons
We may use cookies to help you personalize your onlineexperience. Cookies are identifiers that are transferred toyour computer's hard drive through your Web browser toenable our systems to recognize your browser. The purpose ofa cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned toa specific page. For example, if you personalize the sitespages, or register with any of our site's services, a cookieenables Essential Music Practice to recall your specificinformation on subsequent visits.You have the ability to accept or decline cookies bymodifying your Web browser; however, if you choose todecline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience theinteractive features of the site.A web beacon is a transparent image file used to monitoryour journey around a single website or collection of sites.They are also referred to as web bugs and are commonly usedby sites that hire third-party services to monitor traffic.They may be used in association with cookies to understandhow visitors interact with the pages and content on thepages of a web site.We may serve third-party advertisements that use cookies andweb beacons in the course of ads being served on our website to ascertain how many times you've seen anadvertisement. No personally identifiable information yougive us is provided to them for cookie or web beacon use, sothey cannot personally identify you with that information onour web site.Some third-party advertisements may be provided by Google,which uses cookies to serve ads on this site. Google uses theDART cookie, which enables it to serve ads to our users basedon their visits to this site and other sites on the Web. Youmay opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.Browsers can be set to accept or reject cookies or notify you when a cookie is being sent. Privacy software can beused to override web beacons. Taking either of these actions shouldn't cause a problem with our site, should you so choose.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
This website is directed to adults; it is not directed to children under the age of 13. We operate our site in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy ProtectionAct, and will not knowingly collect or use personal information from anyone under 13 years of age.
Non-Personal Information
In some cases, we may collect information about you that is not personally identifiable. We use this information, whichdoes not identify individual users, to analyze trends, toadminister the site, to track users' movements around thesite and to gather demographic information about our userbase as a whole. The information collected is used solely for internal review and not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
Release of Information
If Essential Music Practice is sold, the information we have obtained from you through your voluntary participation in our site may transfer to the new owner as a part of the sale in order that the service being provided to you may continue. In that event, you will receive notice through our website of that change in control and practices, and we will make reasonable efforts to ensure that the purchaser honors any opt-out requests you might make of us.
How You Can Correct or Remove Information
We provide this privacy policy as a statement to you of our commitment to protect your personal information. If you have submitted personal information through our website and would like that information deleted from our records or would like to update or correct that information please use our Contact Us page.
Updates and Effective Date
Essential Music Practice reserves the right to make changes in this policy. If there is a material change in our privacypractices, we will indicate on our site that our privacypractices have changed and provide a link to the new privacypolicy. We encourage you to periodically review this policy so that you will know what information we collect and how we use it.
Agreeing to Terms
If you do not agree to the Essential Music Practice Privacy Policy as posted here on this website, please do not use this site or any services offered by this site.Your use of this site indicates acceptance of this privacy policy.
Expert Practice Secrets
Frustrated with your practice? Read Practice Makes Perfect and hack the 10,000 hour rule. Cut your practice time by up to 25%! Make faster progress, learn pieces and scales faster, memorize more easily, and much more. "If you play an instrument you need this book!"
Return to the Essential Music Practice Home Page from this Privacy Policy
© Copyright 2008 - 2017 Simon Horsey and Essentials For MusicAll Rights ReservedAbout           Privacy Policy           Disclaimer