http://www.cannesguide.com/terms
Terms of Use
By using this Site you are agreeing to the following terms of use.
Welcome to CannesGuide.com (the "Site"), provided by Cinemagine Media Limited ("Cinemagine"). On this Site, Cinemagine makes available to you a wide range of information, software, products, downloads, documents, text, graphics, publications, content, tools, forums, resources, and services.
PLEASE READ THE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE. By accessing and using this Site in any way, including, without limitation, browsing the Site, using any information, using any content, using any services, downloading any materials, and/or placing an order for products or services, you agree to and are bound by the terms of use described in the herein terms ("Terms of Use"). IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONTAINED IN THE TERMS OF USE, DO NOT USE THIS SITE IN ANY MANNER. The Terms of Use are entered into by and between Cinemagine and you. If you are using the Site on behalf of your employer, you represent that you are authorised to accept these Terms of Use on your employer's behalf.
Cinemagine reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, update, add, or remove portions of the Terms of Use at any time without notice to you. Please check these Terms of Use for changes. Your continued use of this Site following the posting of changes to the Terms of Use will mean you accept those changes.
Copyright Notice
Cannes - A Festival Virgin's Guide is copyright  2020 Cinemagine Media Limited. All rights are reserved. Unless otherwise specified, the information, materials, and services on this Site are for your personal and non-commercial use, and you may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information, software, products or services obtained from the Site without prior written permission from Cinemagine.
Disclaimer
To the extent permitted by law, the Site is provided "as is" without warranties or conditions of any kind, whether oral or written, express or implied. Cinemagine specifically disclaims any implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, satisfactory quality, non-infringement, and fitness for a particular purpose. Except to the extent required by law, in no event will Cinemagine or our subsidiaries, affiliates or suppliers be liable for direct, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or other damages (including lost profit, lost data, or downtime costs), arising out of the use, inability to use, or the results of use by you or any third party, of the Site, whether based in warranty, contract, tort or otherwise.
THIS SITE IS NOT AFFILIATED WITH, NOR ENDORSED BY, THE FESTIVAL DE CANNES OR ANY OTHER OFFICIAL FESTIVAL ORGANISATION, PARTNER, OR SPONSOR.
Conditions of Sale
The provisions this section apply where you make a purchase of goods or services via this Site.
Orders received via this Site are normally dispatched within 24-48 hours of being received (on business days only).
Unless explicitly stated otherwise, delivery times are estimates only and not guaranteed.
Refunds or exchanges may be given at the discretion of Cinemagine Media Publishing and in accordance with relevant laws in the customer's country (determined by shipping address).
In most cases, this means that refunds/exchanges will only be given where the goods are faulty or significantly not as described.
Please note that unless a guaranteed shipping service has been selected, we do not offer refunds in the event that the goods do not arrive on or before a specific date.
All requests for refunds or exchanges must be made within seven days of receipt of the goods. You have a duty to take reasonable care of the goods and remain responsible for them until they are received by Cinemagine Media Publishing. Return postage costs are non-refundable, and we reserve the right to charge a restocking fee of 50% of the cover price for any returns which are not in 'as-new' condition.
All purchases of the eBooks via this site are subject to the refund policy of the store from which they were supplied.
Cinemagine does not provide any refunds for eBook purchases.
Privacy and Data Protection
Please see our full privacy policy for more information on what data this Site collects and how it is used.
Cookies
This Site may make use of cookies to provide you with certain pieces of functionality.
Cookies may be set by the Site and/or its third-party affiliates.
By using the Site you agree to accept these cookies.
If you do not wish to accept cookies from this Site and/or its affiliates, you must cease using the Site immediately.
Content SubmittedUnless specifically excepted, all content submitted to the Site becomes the property of Cinemagine. Content includes, but is not limited to: messages posted in the message boards area of the Site, advertisements posted in Lodging Exchange, commments made on Site pages, and feedback submitted through the feedback form that is intended to compliment or add to existing Site content.
TrademarksCertain words or phrases within the Site may be trademarks owned by third party organisations. Although used without permission, trademarks are noted as such where ever possible. Reference to trademarks within the Site is solely for informational purposes and should in no way be considered a challenge to their ownership.
"Cinemagine" is a registered trademark owned by Cinemagine Media Limited.
"Cannes - A Festival Virgin's Guide" and "Festival Virgin's Guide" are trademarks owned by Cinemagine Media Limited.
Governing Jurisdiction
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with English law and each of the parties agrees to submit to the jurisdiction of the English courts as regards any claim or matter arising under this agreement.
Contacting Cinemagine
Contact information for the operator of this Site can be found on the Contact Us page.
A full rundown on the 2021 Cannes Film Festival, is available in the book, Cannes - A Festival Virgin's Guide (7th Edition).Find Out More >