http://www.londonsinfonietta.org.uk/privacy-and-cookie-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy and Cookie Policy
At the London Sinfonietta, we respect your right to privacy and take it very seriously. Any personal information that you give to the London Sinfonietta will always be stored securely, and will never be shared with another organisation or individual without your express permission.
The London Sinfonietta is a registered data user under the terms of the Data Protection Act 1998, and complies with the terms set out in the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 2018. We take all reasonable steps to protect the personal information that you give us and ensure your personal information is kept securely. We use a customer relationship management (CRM) system called Tessitura, as part of Southbank Centre’s Tessitura Consortium Group.
If you want to find out more about your rights when it comes to your personal data, you can read the Information Commissioner’s Office guidance here. If you support our charity, and want to know more about your rights as a donor, please visit the Fundraising Regulator’s website here.
How we process your data
As a Resident Orchestra at Southbank Centre, we are also a member of its Tessitura Consortium; a CRM system managed by Southbank Centre and licenced by the Tessitura Network and Metropolitan Opera. We use it to securely store our customer data. Access to this data is strictly controlled, and can only be used by relevant staff members who need it in order to process communications and reports. We use Tessitura as our main CRM system and therefore use it to hold and process our customer data, whether you are a customer of Southbank Centre or have consented for us to process your data via another venue or channel.
When you enter personal information onto our online registration form(s) it will only be used for us to contact you either by email or post about London Sinfonietta events, promotions and campaigns. All of our e-communications are sent and processed in an online application called Wordfly; a secure email marketing database that is compliant with the latest EU data legislation. If you have signed up to hear from us via our online form(s) or have agreed to hear from us when booking a ticket at one of our venues or partners, we will add you to our mailing list in order to let you know about our events, news and announcements by e-mail or in some cases by post. If you are one of our existing generous donors then we will also let you know by post about other opportunities to support our ongoing efforts to make new music.
In most cases, if you have given us your data for any reason then we will seek your consent to send you marketing and fundraising communications. We will be clear and unambiguous about what we intend to do with your data, so it is clear what you are consenting to. We usually gain consent via an online form, but on some occasions it may be via verbal or written consent. When communicating with you we will always make it clear how you can update and change your preferences or indeed opt-out of receiving future communications. We recognise that your circumstances may change so we may prompt you to update your preferences after a reasonable length of time. If you ever wish to contact us regarding your preferences or how we use your data you can do so by e-mailing info@londonsinfonietta.org.uk
Under the terms of the General Data Protection Regulation, you are entitled to make a subject access request to us regarding your personal information. You can do this by contacting us at info@londonsinfonietta.org.uk. We will respond within one month from receiving your request. You can learn more about your rights regarding subject access requests on the Information Commissioner’s Office website.
Our commitment to our donors
The London Sinfonietta is a registered charity (no. 255095) and must raise funds to support its ambitious programme. If you make a donation to the London Sinfonietta, we usually collect the following data: your full name, address, email address and the relevant payment information. We use this data to administer your donation, provide you with information about events and opportunities (as applicable to your membership), and deliver communications to you. When communicating with you about your donation, events and opportunities, we will make it clear how you can update and change your preferences or opt-out of receiving future email or postal fundraising communications from us.
If you have made a Gift Aid declaration to the London Sinfonietta, we are required to keep this information for a minimum of 6 years from the date of your most recent donation, as stipulated by HMRC.
We also raise funds for our work using the online donation service www.enthuse.com which is maintained by the limited company Online Giving Ltd. Any donations that you give to the London Sinfonietta through Enthuse are covered under its terms and conditions, which can be found here.
The London Sinfonietta is also registered with the Fundraising Regulator and is compliant with the Fundraising Code of Practice, which can be found here.
Data Sharing
As a National Portfolio Organisation (NPO) of Arts Council England, the London Sinfonietta is required to enter into data sharing agreements with other NPOs, including the partners and venues we work with. This means that if you book a ticket for a London Sinfonietta event through one of these venues, you may be asked if you are happy to hear from us. If you do not wish to hear from the London Sinfonietta, you can leave this question blank (it often takes the form of an opt-in box) and we will not have access to your personal data nor be able to contact you. However, if you do wish to hear from us, please opt in at the point of booking, and you will receive an email from us shortly after the event has taken place, and be added to our mailing list. Your data will always be stored securely in our CRM system, and you are free to opt out of these communications at any time.
Our website
The London Sinfonietta is the sole owner of the information collected on this website. Our website development partner (Tincan Limited) has access to this information for website maintenance purposes only.
This website contains booking links to external sites, which are not governed by our privacy policy. We do not process payments of any kind through our website, and no financial or sensitive information is stored on our server, or on that of our partner Tincan Limited.
Cookies
In order to provide you with the best browsing experience, our website uses cookies. Cookies are small text files that are stored in your web browser (Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Firefox for example) on your computer, tablet or mobile phone to enable functionality on a website. Cookies are used for the following purposes: to enable certain functions; provide analytics, store your preferences, and for online advertising.
How does this website use cookies?
This website places cookies for Google Analytics, which enables the behaviour of users on a website to be analysed, to help identify what kind of content site visitors like and don't like and to help a website owner to provide the best user experience. All the data we collect is anonymous and cannot be used to identify individuals; it is used for statistical purposes only and the data never shows any confidential information. The data itself is only visible to staff at the London Sinfonietta, our web development team at Tincan and teams at Google where the data is processed.
This website also places cookies for Google Display Network and Facebook advertising, which means if you visit our site, you may see London Sinfonietta adverts when browsing the internet or Facebook’s network (which includes Instagram). Should you not want to view these adverts, you can delete your cookies at any time by clearing your browser’s cached history.
This website also includes video/audio content from Spotify, Vimeo and Youtube, and you should be aware these external websites may set cookies while you're accessing this content through the London Sinfonietta website, which may include advertising content. The London Sinfonietta is not responsible for external website’s cookies.
By continuing to use the site you are agreeing to its use of cookies.
Contact us
This policy covers our audiences, customers, and web visitors. If you are a musician, staff member, or a supplier, and want to know more about how we store and process your data, please contact us for our extended Privacy Policy.
If you have any queries about our Privacy Policy please contact us at info@londonsinfonietta.org.uk
or call 020 7239 9340.
Please click on the following links to view the privacy policies of our partner venues; Southbank Centre
and Kings Place. The London Sinfonietta is not responsible for the content of external partners’ privacy policies.
Get more from the London Sinfonietta
For all the latest stories, announcements and opportunities, sign up to our e-list...
Subscribe
By signing up, you consent to the terms of our privacy policy
x