http://www.atmionline.org/policy/
Privacy Policy
Skip to content
Association for Technology in Music Instruction
Menu
About ATMI
Conferences
2017 ATMI/CMS Conference
2016 ATMI/CMS National Conference
2015 ATMI/CMS National Conference
Journals/Resources
Journal of Technology in Music Learning (JTML)
Journal of Music, Technology and Education (JMTE)
CMS SYMPOSIUM: INSTRUCTIONAL TECHNOLOGIES AND METHODOLOGIES
Membership
Contact
Privacy Policy
ATMI can be used in two capacities:
As an attendee if you register for an event that is hosted on Atmi
As an organiser if you use Tito to manage event
Attendee Policy
ATMI uses cookies to track page views, and browser statistics. This information is passed along to the event organiser to give them information about how many people are viewing their event.
Additionally, ATMI allows organizers to use tracking services such as Google Analytics, Google AdWords or Facebook’s Advertising software in order for the organiser to track conversions when a registration is complete.
Registration information is passed along to the organizers of the event. We never share attendee information with any third party.
Cookies are not required to complete registrations and can be disabled safely.
Organiser Policy
ATMI uses cookies to enable authenticated login to the event management software. The cookies are not used to track any personal data, preferences or otherwise, and are only used to store logged in status.
When an organizer signs in, the cookie is configured to last for 2 weeks without asking for credentials again.
We never share organizer information with any third party without consent.
ATMI employees and contractors have the ability to take control of any organizer’s account for support purposes, but passwords are stored using one-way encryption, that cannot be retrieved.
Overall event numbers, ticket numbers, and revenue figures are aggregated across all events for our own internal statistical use.
Sidebar
Your Forms Submission Limit is Over.
Name :
*
Email :
*
Subject :
*
Character(s) left
Message :
*
Character(s) left
Search for:
Footer
Membership
Username or E-mail
Password
Remember Me
Lost Password
Join Us TodayContact
Membership
Privacy Policy
Like Us On Facebook