http://www.ryeartscenter.org/policies
About
Reopening Plan
Hours + Directions
History
Mission Statement
Staff
Board of Directors
News
Testimonials
Partnerships
Policies
Rentals
Birthday Parties
Employment
Classes + Lessons
Classes: In-person & Virtual
Private Lessons: Music, Art, or STEAM
Workshops
Pre-K Program Information (HDHP)
Look!
Dance
Scholarships
Events
Upcoming Events
Art Tours
Calendar
ArtsW Top 5
Gallery
Current Exhibits
Seek Sanctuary Art Contest Winners
Upcoming Exhibitions
Past Exhibitions
Art-o-mat
Public Art Initiative
How To Exhibit
Outreach
Outreach Programs
Join + Give
Donate
Art$W Match Challenge
Paypal
Membership
Ways to Give
Keep In Touch
Stay Connected
LOGIN
Policies
General PoliciesFor COVID-19 policies please see our Reopening PlanClass WithdrawalA $25 administrative charge will be assessed for class withdrawal. Withdrawals must be made at least one week prior to the first scheduled class and must been done through the School Directors. No refunds will be made for withdrawals if less than one week’s notice is given prior to the first class. No refunds will be made once the class begins. No refunds or credits will be issued due to outside schedule conflicts once a class has begun.FeesA $25 service charge is assessed for returned checks or declined charges. Fees for canceled classes that have not met enrollment are fully refundable. Membership fees are not refundable.Holiday and Vacation DaysHoliday and vacation days follow the Rye City School calendar. This does not apply to Superintendent’s Conference Days or Professional Development Days.Class Cancellations and DelaysThe Rye Arts Center reserves the right to cancel any classes or workshops that are under-enrolled.Weather-related closures and delays follow the Rye City School District. A message regarding cancellations or delays will be recorded on the Arts School Director’s Office, ext. 24, and the Music School Director’s Office, ext. 23.Classes canceled or delays due to inclement weather, instructor’s illness, or conditions beyond our control will be rescheduled whenever possible. The Rye Arts Center reserves the right to supply a substitute in the event of teacher absence. There are no make-ups for group classes due to student absence.In the event of a closure due to COVID-19:The RAC will deliver classes in a virtual setting. In some cases, if a class is not able to take place online, makeup classes will be scheduled.Instructors for Music Lessons will communicate with students receiving in-person lessons and determine if a virtual lesson platform is feasible.  Half Day for Half Pints will continue on a virtual platform.Student SafetyChildren should be escorted by a parent or caregiver to and from their classes. If children cannot be escorted, please use the walkways located at the rear or the exit-side entrance of the building. Students must remain in the building until pick up.Student Code of BehaviorFor the benefit of the learning experience for all of our students, we reserve the right to request parental supervision, or in extreme cases, the right to ask a disruptive student to leave the classroom, in the event a student fails to meet a reasonable standard of behavior, including respect for other students and teachers.RegistrationRegistration can be made by phone, mail, in person or online. Check, cash, money order, and credit card are accepted. Students are guaranteed a place only after full payment is received. Please call if you wish to confirm receipt of your registration form. You will not be contacted unless your class is not full or has been canceled. Enrollment is limited. Registrations are processed in order of receipt. Members on the Family level and below receive a 10% discount on group classes. Members on the Supporter level and up receive a 15% discount (15% does not apply to private/Suzuki or Piano Pals programs).PHOTO/VIDEO POLICYThe Rye Arts Center retains the right to photograph any class, work, student orevent and reproduce the images at its discretion without incurring obligations.Music School PoliciesPrivate Music, Suzuki Music and Piano Pals Programs are designed to run throughout the school year, although tuition payment is on a semester basis. Lessons are held weekly at a mutually agreed upon time with the instructor. This becomes your reserved lesson time and regular attendance is expected. Start up of lessons, including introductory lessons must be secured by check or credit card prior to the first lesson. Twenty-four hour notice is required in order to reschedule or make up a lesson. This will be based on room and teacher availability and must be coordinated with the individual instructor. One make up per semester is guaranteed. Above and beyond the one make up is based on teacher discretion. There are no make ups for missed group classes.The Music School reserves the right to supply a substitute in the event of teacher absence. If a substitute is not provided, the lesson/class will be rescheduled.Privacy PolicyThe Rye Arts Center respects the privacy of our visitors and is dedicated to safeguarding your privacy while visiting our website. Since the use of our technology changes from time to time, we ask that our guests continue to monitor our privacy policies for any changes. Any questions or comments regarding The Rye Arts Centers Privacy Policy should be directed to the Executive Director at executivedirector@ryeartscenter.org, or (914) 967-0700, ext. 27.Sharing of DataWhen you access our website, Rye Art Center servers automatically collect information about the IP address that is assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing our site. Information includes the type of operating and browser system you use, the pages you visit on our site and the date and time you accessed our site. Please understand we do not record or track information about individuals. The information collected helps us make our site more efficient.Collection of CookiesIn computing, a cookie is a small piece of text stored on a user’s computer by a web browser. From this text, we do not record, or maintain any personal information that is gathered from using “cookies” on our site. Cookies are only used to keep track of the selections you have made by visiting our site.SecurityThe Rye Arts Center will NEVER share your information with any outside source. We do not link the web information to link to any other databases with the purpose of identifying individual website users. Thriva, our online registration program, uses the industry standard secure socket layer to protect the security of your online registration. This SSL technology encrypts your registration information to prevent it from being decoded by anyone other than The Rye Arts Center.