http://www.releasemagazine.net/privacy-policy/
Home
News
News
News archives
Features
Interviews
Interviews archives
Playlists
Playlist archives
Best of 2010:s
Best of 2019
Best of 2018
Best of 2017
Best of 2016
Best of 2015
Best of 2014
Best of 2013
Best of 2012
Best of the Year Archives
Reviews
Music Reviews
Music reviews archives
Live Reviews and Photos
Live Reviews archives
On Stage
About
About this – and the old – site
Contact
Staff
Release
Privacy policy
Advertise
Privacy policy
Release Magazine (Releasemagazine.net) values transparency, communication and your privacy. Here we explain our practices in accordance with GDPR.
Sponsored links, affiliate tracking & commissions
Releasemagazine.net contains regular and affiliate adverts such as banners and text links in specific areas such as our header, at the end of posts and the front page. These are typically served through our advertising partners such as Google Adsense or are self served through our own means. We only use trusted advertising partners who each have high standards of user privacy and security. We do not have full control the actual adverts displayed by our advertising partners, as we only provide a space for partners like Google Adsense. We can block certain type of ads and individual ads ourselves or by request.
Our ad clients may use cookies for ad personalisation and measurement. Where ad preferences are requested as “non-personalised” cookies may still be used for frequency capping, aggregated ad reporting and to combat fraud and abuse.
Clicking on any adverts, sponsored or affiliate links may track your actions by using a cookie saved to your device. Your actions are usually recorded as a referral from our website by this cookie. In most cases we earn a very small commission from the advertiser or advertising partner, at no cost to you, whether you make a purchase on their website or not. Banner adverts placed by us are free of charge, part of a barter deal or paid for by the advertiser.
We use advertising partners in these ways to help generate an income (our only income) from the website, which allows us to continue our work and provide you with the best overall experience and valued information. If you have any concerns about this we suggest you do not click on any adverts, sponsored or affiliate links found throughout the website.
Newsletter subscription
Releasemagazine.net offers a newsletter with the latest updates and news from the site / magazine. It is typically sent out weekly, but the frequency may vary. No one else than Release has access to its database and we will not sell or give it to a third party, like an advertiser. If we send a specific marketing message, which will not happen often, it will go through us and we will have full control.
Under the GDPR we use the consent lawful basis for anyone subscribing to our newsletter. We only collect an absolute minimum of data about you. Any email marketing messages we send are done so through Mailchimp, a trusted third party service provider that allows us to send out email campaigns to a list of users which we have full access to.
Emails that we send may contain adverts like the ones mentioned above and may contain tracking beacons / tracked clickable links or similar server technologies in order to track subscriber activity within email marketing messages. Where used, such marketing messages may record a range of basic data such as: times, dates, IP addresses, opens, clicks, forwards, geographic and demographic data. Such data, within its limitations will show the activity each subscriber made for that email campaign.
Any email messages we send are in accordance with the GDPR. We have not added subscribers – all subscribers have opted in via our front page newsletter box (“Subscribe to our newsletter”) and Mailchimp’s routines. We provide you with an easy method to withdraw your consent (unsubscribe) by clicking unsubscribe at the bottom of each email. You may also request that we provide you with the data stored about you, at any time, and we can delete it if you request so.
Old Release records
We don’t have any records from the past and have not sold or handed over any data to third parties.
How to contact us
Feel free to email regarding these matters us at info@releasemagazine.net. We read all direct messages. Release is an international magazine with writers in several countries, managed by the company Release Musik & Media i Göteborg, based in Gothenburg, Sweden.
Recent Posts
Listen to the first track from the upcoming FLA album
Empathy Test to stream live concert
Watch the new Einstürzende Neubauten video here
Watch the new video from Front Line Assembly
David Eugene Edwards joins Carpenter Brut in fascinating co-op
Chris Peterson and friends release more from Living Room Project
Martin Gore, Priest, Ashbury Heights +3 added to our playlist
Listen to new track and album teaser from Fix8:Sed8
Listen to new Martin Gore solo material
Martin Gore is up to something
© Release Musik & Media | Founded 1986 | International alternative music web magazine based in Sweden