http://www.actorpoint.com/privacy.html
Monologues
For Females
Female Monologues
Movie Monologues for Women
Comedic for Women
Dramatic for Women
Classical for Women
For Males
Male Monologues
Movie Monologues for Men
Comedic for Men
Dramatic for Men
Classical for Men
For Kids & Teens
Monologues for Kids
Monologues for Teens
For Everyone
Shakespeare Monologues
Movie Scripts
Genres (A - F)
Action
Adventure
Animation
Comedy
Crime
Drama
Family
Fantasy
Genres (H - W)
Horror
Musical
Mystery
Romance
Sci Fi
Thriller
War
Western
Alphabetical
A B C D
E F G H
I J K L
M N O P
Q R S T
U V W X
Y Z #
Actor Resources
Online Acting classes
Casting Directors & Agents
Photographers
Casting Calls
Acting Tips
Acting Articles
Actor Spotlight
Acting Q & A
Books, Plays & Scripts
Acting & Film Schools
Acting Schools
Film Schools
Intl Acting Schools
Intl Film Schools
Cool Links
Industry News
Newsletter
Links
Link to Us
Acting Resources >>
Privacy Policy
Commitment To Privacy
ActorPoint.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our
firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering
and dissemination practices for this site.
Your Information is Kept Private
Any information you choose to share with us (your email address, phone numbers, residencial or business address, etc.) is never shared or given out to any third party company.
About Information That is Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. This includes tracking your session while visiting our sites.Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that certain web sites write to your hard drive when you visit them. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you've visited. But the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites.
Our Site uses cookies for these purposes.
3rd pary Advertisers, Ad Companies, and Ad Networks
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit
our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not
including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about
your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide
advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by the respective ad company or ad network and we do not have access to this information.
If you would like more information about this practice and to know
your choices about not having this information used by these companies,
click here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
Registration Forms
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name, email, and postal address). Contact information from the registration forms is used to ship purchases. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the customer when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Order Forms
Our site may use an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect contact information (like an email address).
Contact information from the order forms is used to ship purchases.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Surveys
Our site may use online surveys. These surveys ask visitors for demographic information (like zip code, age, or income level). Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.
Facebook
At times we may use Facebook to advertise our site, products, and services. If you've subscribed to our email list or newsletter, we may use your email to connect with you on Facebook in order to deliver engaging content, messages, or ads. This is done in full compliance with Facebook's Policies and Terms.
Contests
We may run contests on our site in which we ask visitors for contact information (like email address), and demographic information (like zip code, age, or income level). Contact information from the contests is used to ship purchases. The customer's contact information is also used to send promotional material from some of our partners to our customers, and to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site.
We use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. ActorPoint.com is not responsible for the privacy practices, the terms, or the content of such Web sites.
Public Forums
This site may make chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Choice/Opting Out of Promotional Emails
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving promotional/marketing
information from
us. You can send email to webmaster
[at] actorpoint.com with the Subject Lline: "Opt Out of Emails" and your email address you want opted out.
Alternatively (and faster), you may use the opt-out link that always appears at the bottom of any email correspondence we send you. Doing so will automatically remove your email from our mailing list and you will no longer receive any future email correspondence from us.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this
site, or your dealings with this Web site, please contact us here.
» About Us
» Privacy Policy
» FB Ads Compliance
» Disclaimer
» Terms of Use
» Why We Have Ads
» Contact Us
» Advertise With Us
© 2000 - 2020 ActorPoint.com - Monologues, Movie Scripts, Casting Calls & More All Rights Reserved