http://www.hrgb.org.uk/privacy-notice
Headlines
HRGB Covid-19 Policy and Guidelines
HRGB has published its Safeguarding and Child Protection Introduction and Policy
You are hereHome » Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Purpose of this notice
This Privacy Notice outlines the way in which Handbell Ringers of Great Britain (HRGB) will use personal information provided to it.
Personal information includes any information that identifies you personally, such as your name, address, email address or telephone number. HRGB recognises the importance of your privacy and personal information and therefore outlines below how it uses, discloses and protects this information.
The HRGB Data Controller is Laura Buist and contact details are provided below.
We use the information you give to us:
To administer membership records
To provide you with information about news, events and activities within HRGB at national and regional levels and within the international bell ringing community.
To enable your participation at HRGB events and activities.
To fulfil contractual or other legal obligations.
To maintain our account and records (including the processing of Gift Aid applications)
To enable the bank transfer payment of legitimate expenses.
Disclosure of information
HRGB will only share your personal information where this is necessary for the purposes set out above. Information will not be shared with any third party outside HRGB or companies contracted to it for mailing distribution purposes. Nationally and in some regions employ (under contract) a “mailing company” to send out Reverberation or Regional Newsletters by post or e-mail. The companies used all comply with all the Data Protection Regulations. Information will not be shared outwith this situation without your consent unless HRGB is obliged to do so by law.
Basis for processing personal information
HRGB processes your information in the course of its legitimate activities, with appropriate safeguards in place, as a not-for-profit / charity body with the aim of advancing the enjoyment of bell ringing (including bell chimes and Belleplates™) and on the basis that the processing relates solely to our members who register their membership by the payment of an annual subscription or by virtue of being appointed as a Life Member. We also process information where this is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations; where processing is necessary for the purpose of our legitimate interests and such interests are not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms; and where you have given consent to the processing on your information for a particular purpose: e.g. applying Gift Aid to your annual subscription. Storage and security of personal information HRGB will strive to ensure that personal information is accurate and held in a secure and confidential environment. At present information is held both in paper and electronic forms with paper documents being in a locked place and electronic information stored securely on computers with up to date antiviral and malware security. HRGB will keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary – for membership and mailing purposes for as long as you are a member and for participating in an event only for the registration period and during the event or for as long as we are obliged to keep it by law (e.g. Gift Aid). When the information is no longer needed it will be securely destroyed.
Getting a copy of your personal information
You can request details of the personal information which HRGB holds about you by contacting us using the contact details given below.
Inaccuracies and Objections
If you believe that any information HRGB holds about you is incorrect or incomplete or if you do not wish your personal information to be held or used by us please let us know. Any information found to be incorrect will be corrected as quickly as possible.
You have a right to object to our use of your personal information, or to ask us to remove or stop using your personal information if there is no need for us to keep it. There may be legal or other reasons why we need to keep or use your data, but please tell us if you think that we should not be using it.
If we are processing your data on the basis of explicit consent (e.g. to enable bank transfer payment of NEC members’ expenses) you can withdraw your consent at any time. Please contact us if you want to do so
Contact us
You can contact us about data protection and privacy matters by getting in touch with Laura Buist, Data Controller HRGB at laura.buist@hrgb.org.uk
How to complain
You have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office about anything relating to the processing of your personal information by HRGB. You can contact the ICO via its website at www.ico.org.uk or at Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire SK9 5AF.
Printer-friendly version
Search
Search
Information
About HRGBHow HRGB Started
HRGB Accounts
Joining HRGBBenefits of Membership
Overseas membership
Find a TeamRinging in the Community
Weddings
Demo or Talk
Performances
Start a TeamChoosing Music
For Young RingersCrescendoRingers' Targets
Notes for Teachers
In SchoolsProgression
Key advantages
For Music Teachers
Ringing with Scouts
Ringing with Guides
Duke of Edinburgh Award
Safeguarding Policy
About Handbell RingingOld HandbellsSmall ads (sales)
HRGB Archive
Handbells in ChurchHistory
Development
Today
Press and MediaBackground Information
Contact HRGB
Shopping cart
HRGB Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice
Data Protection Policy
Compliance Instructions
HRGB Members Menu
Log In
Edit My Details
Update My Team's Details or Register a New Team
Social media
Charity
HRGB is a Registered Charity No: 298945 (England) SCO38918 (Scotland)
Twitter
Tweets by HRGBNational
HRGB is a Registered Charity No: 298945 (England) SCO38918 (Scotland)
Theme Originally Created by
Devsaran