http://www.wups.com/pages/website-privacy-policy
Listen Live
Toggle navigation
Home
On Air
Steve
Tammy
Ted
Michael J
Carmi
NASCAR Steve
Mike Avery
Craig Russell
Todd L Levitt
The Grillin' Guys
Programs
On Air Schedule
Music
Concert Calendar
Artist Library
Community
Monthly Calendar
Submit an Event
Event List Northern Michigan
Photos
2020 TUT Groovy 70's weekend 1
2019 Tip up Town USA weekend 1
2019 Tip up Town USA
2019 HOLIDAY STAFF LUNCHEON
Blanket the North 2019
View All Galleries
Contests
12 DAYS OF CHRISTMAS
EXPIRED- $20K ULTIMATE GARAGE GIVEWAY
expired: ECHO ECHO
EXPIRED: VALENTINE SHOPPING SPREE
EXPIRED: GROOVY GIVEAWAY TUT
EXPIRED: 12 DAYS OF CHRISTMAS 2019
expired: TUT Design Contest
expired: Journey for the Holidays
expired: Northwoods Shopping Spree
expired: TACO BELL SONG OF THE DAY
expired: ULTIMATE 2020 TICKET
expired: RACE TO WIN AUGUST AT MIS
expired: KRAZY FOR KAYAKS & CANOES GIVEAWAY
Official Contest Rules
E-Club
Podcasts
Worth Hearing Again
NASCAR Steve's FAST LANE REPORTS
FAST LANE
Contact
Station Info
EEO
Employment Opportunities
Advertising Information
WUPS Public File
Login/Register
Email Address:
Password:
Forgot Password
Login
Not a Member? Sign up here!
Keyword
Go
Website Privacy Statement
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us.
To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our radio station homepages and at every
point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on any Black Diamond Broadcastingstation website, as represented in our logo above. On some pages, you can make requests and/or register to enter contest giveaways. The types of personal information collected at these pages might include
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself for our purpose only. We do not share this information with outside parties.  We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties. You can register with our websites if you would like to receive our station newsletters as well as updates on our promotions, events and contests. Information you submit on our websites will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form. We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment to Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by writing to:
Black Diamond Website Security
c/o Social Media Director
514 Munson Ave Traverse City, MI 49686
We use this procedure to better safeguard your information. You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.  To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How to Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call or email us at
231-922-4981
social@blackdiamondbroadcasting.com
Listen On Alexa!
On Air Now
Regular Programming
12:00am - 6:00am
Regular Programming
Make an E-Quest
DISCOVER MICHIGAN MAGAZINE
Your Magazine for Discovering
Great Values and Savings
on Michigan adventures. Tap Image for your very own PDF copy!
Free Multi-Station Mobile APP
SELECT A BUTTON TO DOWNLOAD NOW
CLICK FOR FEATURES
Facebook
Twitter
98.5 UPS-Classic Hits
Tweets by 985WUPS
Monthly Calendar Sponsor
^ tap map for Bader website ^
^ tap logo for event calendar ^
If you need help accessing the online public file due to a disability, please contact us
Home  |  WUPS Public File  |  Web Privacy  |  Employment Opportunities  |  Advertising Information  |  Contact Us
© 2020 WUPS-FM, Black Diamond Broadcast Group LLC.
Built on Envisionwise Technology.