http://www.davebrownmagician.com/cookie-policy
Site Map | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy |Website Terms & Conditions
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Welcome to DaveBrownMagician.com's Cookie Policy
When someone visits www.DaveBrownMagician.com or any of our websites we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.
We may use both "session" cookies and "persistent" cookies on the website. Session cookies will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser. Persistent cookies will remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach a specified expiry date (usually one month from initial activation).
We will use the session cookies to: keep track of you whilst you navigate the website; prevent fraud and increase website security. We will use the persistent cookies to: enable the website to recognise you when you visit; keep track of your preferences in relation to your use of our website.
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users' computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google's privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
Most browsers allow you to reject all cookies, whilst some browsers allow you to reject just third party cookies. Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites, including this one.
Cookies used on the Website
A list of all the cookies used on the Website by category is set out below.
Strictly necessary cookies
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the Website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the Website. Performance cookies
These cookies collect anonymous information on the pages visited. By using the Website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.
These cookies collect information about how visitors use the Website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don't collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is anonymous. It is only used to improve how the Website works.
Functionality cookies
These cookies remember choices you make to improve your experience. By using the Website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device. These cookies allow the Website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
Third party cookies
These cookies allow third parties to track the success of their application or customise the application for you. Because of how cookies work we cannot access these cookies, nor can the third parties access the data in cookies used on our site.
For example, if you choose to 'share' content through Twitter or other social networks you might be sent cookies from these websites. We don't control the setting of these cookies, so please check those websites for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
Next
Main Menu
Home About Me Magic Tricks Stories Kindle Contact