http://www.ktbs.com/site/terms.html
Sign Up
Log In
Dashboard
Logout
My Account
Dashboard
Profile
Saved items
Logout
Home
KTBS 3 Now
News
Coronavirus
Back To School
In Case You Missed It
Community Contributors
Shreveport/Bossier
Texarkana
East Texas
Health
Healthline 3
Education
Crime
Jail Bookings
3 Investigates
ArkLaTex In-Depth
First News
First Cup with First News
Rick Rowe
Life of a Legend: Bob Griffin
ArkLaTex Politics
Louisiana
Texas
Arkansas
National & World
Business
Barksdale AFB
On Your Side
Angie's List
Mr. Food
What's Cooking
As Seen On TV
Web Extra
Weather
StormTeam 3 Weather
Jr. Weather Watchers
Tropical Weather Watch
KTBS 3 Interactive Radar
Weather Headlines
Weather Watchers
Hurricane Tracker
Video
Video Page
KTBS 24-Hour News
Pictures
Slideshows
Jail Bookings
Sports
Sports Headlines
Friday Football Fever
ArkLaTex Legends
High School Sports
LSU
LA Tech
NSU
Grambling
New Orleans Saints
Dallas Cowboys
Community
Community Stories
Community Caravan
Community Contributors
Featured Projects
Back To School
Local Live
Calendar
What's Happening
Entertainment
Contests
Spring Tips
On Your Side
Hometown Patriot
Paws to Care
Ask The Trooper
Lottery Results
KTBS Local Marketplace
Weekly Ads
About KTBS
Meet the News Team
Contact Us
Advertise With Us
Payment Portal
MediaRocket
Jobs at KTBS 3
What's On TV
KTBS & KPXJ Closed Caption Info
SAP Audio Info
PSA Policy
Request Forms
Toggle navigation
Menu
54°
Search
Log In Using Your Account
Log In
Don't have an account? Sign Up Today
My Account
Dashboard
Profile
Saved items
Logout
54°
Shreveport, LA
(71104)
Today
Showers and scattered thunderstorms. Storms may contain strong gusty winds. High 66F. Winds S at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 100%..
Tonight
Thunderstorms in the evening will give way to partly cloudy skies overnight. Storms may contain strong gusty winds. Low 48F. Winds W at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 90%.
Updated: December 11, 2020 @ 12:36 am
Full Forecast
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Instagram
News
Weather
Sports
Community
Video
Watch Live
What's On TV
Our Limited License to You.This Site and all the materials available on the Site are the property of us and/or our affiliates or licensors, and are protected by copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws. The Site is provided solely for your personal noncommercial use. You may not use the Site or the materials available on the Site in a manner that constitutes an infringement of our rights or that has not been authorized by us. More specifically, unless explicitly authorized in these Terms of Service or by the owner of the materials, you may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, translate, sell, create derivative works, exploit, or distribute in any manner or medium (including by email or other electronic means) any material from the Site. You may, however, from time to time, download and/or print one copy of individual pages of the Site for your personal, non-commercial use, provided that you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. Information about requesting permission to reproduce or distribute materials from the Site can be obtained by contacting Brad Pollitt 312 E. Kings Hwy., Shreveport LA 71104.Your License to Us.By posting or submitting any material (including, without limitation, photos and videos) to us via the Site, you are representing: (i) that you are the owner of the material, or are making your posting or submission with the express consent of the owner of the material; and (ii) that you are thirteen years of age or older. In addition, when you submit or post any material, you are granting us, and anyone authorized by us, a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to use, copy, modify, transmit, sell, exploit, create derivative works from, distribute, and/or publicly perform or display such material, in whole or in part, in any manner or medium, now known or hereafter developed, for any purpose. The foregoing grant shall include the right to exploit any proprietary rights in such posting or submission, including, but not limited to, rights under copyright, trademark, service mark or patent laws under any relevant jurisdiction. Also, in connection with the exercise of such rights, you grant us, and anyone authorized by us, the right to identify you as the author of any of your postings or submissions by name, email address or screen name, as we deem appropriate.Limitations on Linking and Framing.You may establish a hypertext link to the Site so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship of your site by us or by the Site. However, you may not, without our prior written permission, frame or inline link any of the content of the Site, or incorporate into another website or other service any of our material, content or intellectual property.Notice of Copyright Infringement.If you are a copyright owner who believes your copyrighted material has been reproduced, posted or distributed via the Site in a manner that constitutes copyright infringement, please inform our designated copyright agent by sending written notice by U.S. Mail to Brad Pollitt 312 E. Kings Hwy., Shreveport. LA 71112. Please include the following information in your written notice: (1) a detailed description of the copyrighted work that is allegedly infringed upon; (2) a description of the location of the allegedly infringing material on the Site; (3) your contact information, including your address, telephone number, and, if available, email address; (4) a statement by you indicating that you have a good-faith belief that the allegedly infringing use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; (5) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, affirming that the information in your notice is accurate and that you are authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf; and (6) an electronic or physical signature of the copyright owner or someone authorized on the owner's behalf to assert infringement of copyright and to submit the statement. Please note that the contact information provided in this paragraph is for suspected copyright infringement only. Contact information for other matters is provided elsewhere in these Terms of Service or on the Site.Throughout the Site, we have provided links and pointers to Internet sites maintained by third parties. Our linking to such third-party sites does not imply an endorsement or sponsorship of such sites, or the information, products or services offered on or through the sites. In addition, neither we nor our parent or subsidiary companies nor any of our respective affiliates operate or control in any respect any information, products or services that third parties may provide on or through the Site or on websites linked to by us on the Site.THE INFORMATION, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OFFERED ON OR THROUGH THE SITE AND ANY THIRD-PARTY SITES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SITE OR ANY OF ITS FUNCTIONS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT ANY PART OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING BULLETIN BOARDS, OR THE SERVERS THAT MAKE IT AVAILABLE, ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.WE DO NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE SITE OR MATERIALS ON THIS SITE OR ON THIRD-PARTY SITES IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, RELIABILITY OR OTHERWISE.You must provide and are solely responsible for all hardware and/or software necessary to access the Site. You assume the entire cost of and responsibility for any damage to, and all necessary maintenance, repair or correction of, that hardware and/or software.You expressly absolve and release KTBS, Inc. from any claim of harm resulting from a cause beyond its control including, but not limited to, the failure of electronic or mechanical equipment or communication lines, telephone or other interconnect problems, computer viruses or software failures, unauthorized access, theft, operator errors, severe weather, earthquakes, or natural disasters, strikes or other labor problems, wars, terrorism or governmental restrictions.The information contained in any company directories that may be provided on the Site is provided for business lookup purposes and is not to be used for marketing or telemarketing applications. This information may not be copied or redistributed and is provided "AS IS" without warranty of any kind. In no event will we or our suppliers be liable in any way with regard to such information.This Site may include a variety of features, such as bulletin boards, web logs, chat rooms, and email services, which allow feedback to us and real-time interaction between users, and other features, such as personalized home pages and email services, which allow users to communicate with others. Responsibility for what is posted on bulletin boards, web logs, chat rooms, and other public posting areas on the Site, or sent via any email services on the Site, lies with each user - you alone are responsible for the material you post or send. We do not control the messages, information or files that you or others may provide through the Site. It is a condition of your use of the Site that you do not:Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Site.Use the Site to impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity.Interfere with or disrupt any servers or networks used to provide the Site or its features, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of the networks we use to provide the Site.Use the Site to instigate or encourage others to commit illegal activities or cause injury or property damage to any person.Gain unauthorized access to the Site, or any account, computer system, or network connected to this Site, by means such as hacking, password mining or other illicit means.Obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available through this Site.Use the Site to post or transmit any unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane or indecent information of any kind, including without limitation any transmissions constituting or encouraging conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any local, state, national or international law.Use the Site to post or transmit any information, software or other material that violates or infringes upon the rights of others, including material that is an invasion of privacy or publicity rights or that is protected by copyright, trademark or other proprietary right, or derivative works with respect thereto, without first obtaining permission from the owner or rights holder.Use the Site to post or transmit any information, software or other material that contains a virus or other harmful component.Use the Site to post, transmit or in any way exploit any information, software or other material for commercial purposes, or that contains advertising.Use the Site to advertise or solicit to anyone to buy or sell products or services, or to make donations of any kind, without our express written approval.Gather for marketing purposes any email addresses or other personal information that has been posted by other users of the Site.You understand that we have no obligation to monitor any bulletin boards, chat rooms, web logs, or other areas of the Site through which users can supply information or material. However, we reserve the right at all times to disclose any information we believe necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, or to refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, that in our sole discretion are objectionable or in violation of these Terms of Service. We also reserve the right to deny access to the Site or any features of the Site to anyone who violates these Terms of Service or who, in our sole judgment, interferes with the ability of others to enjoy our website or infringes the rights of others.KTBS, Inc. also welcomes your feedback and suggestions about how to improve this Site. Any ideas, suggestions, information, know-how, material, or any other content (collectively, "Submissions") received through this Site, however, will be deemed to include a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, nonexclusive right and license for this Site to adopt, publish, reproduce, disseminate, transmit, distribute, copy, use, create derivative works of, display (in whole or part) worldwide, or act on such Submissions without additional approval or consideration, in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed for the full term of any rights that may exist in such Submissions. You hereby waive any claim to the contrary.To access certain features of the Site, we may ask you to provide certain demographic information including your gender, year of birth, zip code and country. In addition, if you elect to sign-up for a particular feature of the Site, such as chat rooms, web logs, or bulletin boards, you may also be asked to register with us on the form provided and such registration may require you to provide personally identifiable information such as your name and email address. You agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Site's registration form. If we have reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, or incomplete, we have the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Site (or any portion thereof). Our use of any personally identifiable information you provide to us as part of the registration process is governed by the terms of our Privacy Policy.To use certain features of the Site, you will need a username and password, which you will receive through the Site's registration process. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account, and are responsible for all activities (whether by you or by others) that occur under your password or account. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. We cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to protect your password or account information.UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE, SHALL WE, OUR SUBSIDIARY AND PARENT COMPANIES OR AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE SITE, INCLUDING ITS MATERIALS, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES, OR THIRD-PARTY MATERIALS, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITE, EVEN IF WE ARE ADVISED BEFOREHAND OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. (BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN CATEGORIES OF DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN SUCH STATES, OUR LIABILITY AND THE LIABILITY OF OUR SUBSIDIARY AND PARENT COMPANIES OR AFFILIATES IS LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY SUCH STATE LAW.) YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT WE ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY USER. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH THE SITE, ANY MATERIALS, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES ON THE SITE, OR WITH ANY OF THE SITE'S TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THE SITE.You use the Internet solely at your own risk and subject to all applicable local, state, national, and international laws and regulations. While KTBS, Inc. has endeavored to create a secure and reliable Site, please be advised that the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to/from this Site over the Internet cannot be guaranteed. Accordingly, KTBS, Inc. is not responsible for the security of any information transmitted via the Internet, the accuracy of the information contained on the Site, or for the consequences of any reliance on such information. KTBS, Inc. shall have no liability for interruptions or omissions in Internet, network or hosting services. You assume the sole and complete risk of using this Site.You agree to indemnify and hold harmless KTBS, Inc., its affiliates, and all of their officers, directors, employees, legal representatives, agents, successors and assigns, from and against any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' and professionals' fees and court costs) arising out of any third-party claims based on or related to your use of this Site or any breach by you of these Terms and Conditions.We may cancel or terminate your right to use the Site or any part of the Site at any time without notice. In the event of cancellation or termination, you are no longer authorized to access the part of the Site affected by such cancellation or termination. The restrictions imposed on you with respect to material downloaded from the Site, and the disclaimers and limitations of liabilities set forth in these Terms of Service, shall survive.This agreement constitutes the entire agreement between us and you with respect to the subject matter contained in this agreement and supersedes all previous and contemporaneous agreements, proposals and communications, written oral. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use the products or services of a third party that are provided through the Site. In the event of any conflict between any such third-party terms and conditions and these Terms of Service, these Terms of Service shall govern. This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Louisiana without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. If any provision of this agreement shall be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
View Full Screen
Stocks
Market Data by TradingView
Online Poll
During this pandemic, are you doing more holiday shopping online?
You voted:
Yes, but mainly because of price and choice
Yes, and I try to shop local when possible
No, I prefer to shop in stores
No, it's about the same
Vote
View Results
Back
© Copyright 2020 KTBS 3, 312 E. Kings Hwy Shreveport, LA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.