https://www.raboo.info/site-help/
Site help
Videos
Quite a few artworks are presented in the form of a video. The player used is HTML5 based, so the videos can be viewed on mobile devices as well, although some may not recognize the format. The player supports all modern browsers (Firefox, Opera, Chrome, Safar, IExplorer 11 or higher). Since the site uses HLS adaptive streaming, there is no play button on older iPad versions iOS 6 and lower).  In that case, double click on the image to play the video. Screenshots of the player interface:
On desktops and laptops: You can play videos full screen by clicking on the expand button on the right of the control bar. To play the video, you click on the arrow in the middle of the video or the icon in the control bar on the left. Each video contains sound.  Where speech is used, subtitles are available.
Can I embed this video on my site?
Yes, if you want to embed the video in your own site, please contact the artist, and he’ll provide you with an mp4 version. It is not allowed to edit the video and a copyright notice is required underneath the embedded video.
Strange Mix of green and purple in video on Firefox:
This may happen on Windows 8.x after updating Firefox. Mozilla suggests to update the graphics driver to the latest version.
No playable sources found
Try refresh the page. If that doesn’t work, contact us and let us know which device and browser you use so that we can fix the problem.
Images of the artwork
To enlarge an image, simply click on it and it will open to fill the window. If your screen is smaller then 1280x 1100, you can click again to enlarge the image to full scale in Firefox, Chrome, IExplorer and Safari. Other browsers have not been tested but they may offer the same functionality.
See also the Terms of use for this site.
Comments are closed.
Français
English
Most popular (since 16 April)
Contagious
456 views | 2 comments
Radiantly confined
398 views | 0 comments
Under the bridge – no man’s land
285 views | 0 comments
Boxed in
285 views | 2 comments
Cardboard artwork
272 views | 0 comments
Video art
235 views | 0 comments
El Toro
163 views | 0 comments
Lost Corners project
159 views | 0 comments
Wooden Dimensions project
150 views | 0 comments
London Underground
146 views | 3 comments
Recently added/changed
Video art
Wooden Dimensions project
Cardboard artwork
Lost Corners project
Leftovers on Stage
Boxed in
Radiantly confined
El Toro
Contagious
Zwirl
Humanity everywhere
Vortex
Crowdy day
Watery island
Cryptoart galleries
Ephimera.com
Rarible
Cryptoart directories
CryptoArtNet
Art projects
Copyright Rudolf Boogerman © 1997All rights reserved.
Terms of use - Conditions d'utilisationPrivacy policy
By printing this page, you agree to the terms of use: https://www.raboo.info/terms-of-use/
Par imprimer cet page vous acceptez les Conditions d'utilisation: https://www.raboo.info/fr/conditions-dutilisation/
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkNoPrivacy policy