http://www.stereogum.com/privacy-policy
skip to main content
2020 In Review
News
New Music
Columns
The Number Ones
The Week In Pop
Status Ain't Hood
The Black Market
Ugly Beauty
Sounding Board
Let The Roundup Begin
Shut Up Dude
The Number Ones
The Number Ones: Whitney Houston’s “Greatest Love Of All”
Interviews
Cover Story
We've Got A File On You
Footnotes
Band To Watch
Tracking Down
Q&A
We've Got A File On You
We’ve Got A File On You: Mike Campbell
Reviews
Premature Evaluation
Album Of The Week
The Anniversary
Movie Review
TV Review
Concert Review
Merch Review
Album Of The Week
Album Of The Week: The Avalanches We Will Always Love You
Lists
The 5 Best Songs Of The Week
Ultimate Playlist
10 Best Songs
Counting Down
Best New Bands
Song Of The Summer
Gummy Awards
Year In Review
10 Best Songs
The 10 Best Steely Dan Songs
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Effective as of May 25, 2018
As the owner of this website (the “Site”), Stereogum, we understand that your privacy is of critical importance.  This Privacy Policy describes what information we collect from you via the Site and how we use and disclose such information.
Our Use Of Cookies
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.  Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
We use cookies for the following purposes:
(a) authentication – we use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and as you navigate our website;
(b) status – we use cookies to help us to determine if you are logged into our website;
(c) personalization – we use cookies to store information about your preferences and to personalize the website for you;
(d) security – we use cookies as an element of the security measures used to protect user accounts, including preventing fraudulent use of login credentials, and to protect our website and services generally;
(e) advertising – we use cookies to help us to display advertisements that will be relevant to you; and
(f) analysis – we use cookies to help us to analyze the use and performance of our website and services;
We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google’s privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
(a) https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome);
(b) https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox);
(c) http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera);
(d) https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies (Internet Explorer);
(e) https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari); and
(f) https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge).
Please note that blocking cookies may have a negative impact on the functions of many websites, including our Site. Some features of the Site may cease to be available to you.
Interest-Based Advertising
Advertising
This Site is affiliated with CMI Marketing, Inc., d/b/a CafeMedia (“CafeMedia”) for the purposes of placing advertising on the Site, and CafeMedia will collect and use certain data for advertising purposes. To learn more about CafeMedia’s data usage, click here.
Email Addresses
We may collect your email address, but only if you voluntarily provide it to us. This may occur, for example, if you sign up to receive an email newsletter, or enter a promotion. We will use your email address for the purposes for which you provided it to us, and also from time to time to send you emails regarding the Site or other products or services that we believe may be of interest to you. You may opt out of such email communications at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” button in the email.
We will not share your email address with any third parties.
If you are a resident of a country in the European Economic Area (EEA), please refer to the section below entitled “Additional Rights of EEA Residents.”
Registration Or Account Data
We may collect other information from you when you register with our Site in order to use various features.  Such information could include your name, birthday, postal code, screen name, and password (if applicable). As you use the Site, we could collect other data that you provide voluntarily (such as comments that you post).
We may use third parties to provide the functionality to allow you to register for the Site, in which case the third party will also have access to your information. Otherwise, we will not provide any personally-identifying information about you to third parties, except if required by law.
We may use your personally-identifying information for a variety of our internal business purposes, such as creating a better user experience for the Site, diagnosing and troubleshooting malfunctions on the Site, better understanding how the Site is used, and making personalized recommendations to you.
If you are a resident of a country in the European Economic Area (EEA), please refer to the section below entitled “Additional Rights of EEA Residents.”
Additional Rights Of EEA (European Economic Area) Residents
If you are a resident of a country in the EEA, you have the rights, among others, to:
(i)  access your personal data
(ii)  ensure the accuracy of your personal data
(iii) the right to have us delete your personal data
(iv) the right to restrict further processing of your personal data, and
(v) the right to complain to a supervisory authority in your country of residence in the event that data is misused
If you believe that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by contacting us via email.
Sale Of Business Or Assets
In the event that the Site or substantially all of its assets is sold or disposed of as a going concern, whether by merger, sale of assets or otherwise, or in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership, the information we have collected about you may be one of the assets sold or merged in connection with that transaction.
Changes To The Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most recent version of the Privacy Policy will always be posted on the Site, with the “Effective Date” posted at the top of the Policy. We may revise and update this Privacy Policy if our practices change, as technology changes, or as we add new services or change existing ones. If we make any material changes to our Privacy Policy or how we handle your personal information, or we are going to use any personal information in a manner that is materially different from that stated in our Privacy Policy at the time we collected such information, we will give you a reasonable opportunity to consent to the change. If you do not consent, your personal information will be used as agreed to under the terms of the privacy policy in effect at the time we obtained that information. By using our Site or services after the Effective Date, you are deemed to consent to our then-current privacy policy. We will use information previously obtained in accordance with the Privacy Policy in effect when the information was obtained from you.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or the practices of this Site, please contact us at tips [at] stereogum.com.