https://www.aact.org/privacy-statement
Skip to main content
Privacy Statement
You are hereHome » Privacy Statement
AACT Member Privacy Member Search
The AACT member search is designed to identify the members of AACT to one another, and to promote the sharing of ideas among members. The contact information provided is made available only to AACT members. Members are expected to have consideration for the privacy of fellow members and not abuse the privilege of having access to this personal contact information.
Current members of AACT may use the member search for the purposes described by these terms:
Members may use the search for personal or professional contacts to other members, but not for commercial purposes.
Members agree not to send email to members who have specifically requested otherwise. (For purposes of this provision, merely making one’s email address accessible via the search shall not constitute a request or invitation to receive messages.)
Transmitting a series of messages to the same member on the same topic is not permitted, nor are mass mailings of unsolicited messages (spam) to large numbers of members.
Copying or distributing all or any part of AACT member information without express permission from AACT is prohibited, as is any use that is damaging to the interests of AACT or its members.
Members may not assist any non-member in obtaining or using any names or contact information from the member search function, other than that available on the public (non-member) portion of the AACT website (aact.org).
Members who receive any unwanted solicitation that appears to be the result of their listing in the member search results should notify AACT immediately.
Penalties for misuse of the member search may range from a request to discontinue inappropriate behavior, to legal action.  In addition, sending unsolicited emails of a commercial nature may violate the federal CAN-SPAM Act [Source: Federal Trade Commission, www.aact.org/can-spam ]
>> Download PDF copy of the above.
Questions about appropriate and inappropriate use of member information should be directed to the AACT office, 1300 Gendy St., Fort Worth, TX 76107;  817-732-3177;  info@aact.org.
AACT Mailing List
AACT maintains a mailing list of known theatres (every community theatre organization in the country that AACT knows about) and individuals interested in community theatre. Individuals are on the list due to current or past AACT membership, participation in an AACT event, leadership in a state/regional theatre organization or festival, request, or other indication of interest in community theatre.
AACT may use both the mailing and email addresses to conduct AACT business and promote AACT programs. AACT may also release mailing and email addresses from the list to state and regional organizations/festivals  for the promotion of AACT related events, such as festivals.
The AACT mailing list is available for rent for use in promoting supplies, properties, and services of interest to theatres and persons active in theatre. Such rental may include the mailing and/or email address on file for organizations and the mailing addresses of individuals. Email addresses of individuals may not be rented except when the address has been provided for contacting an organization.
Individuals who do not want their addresses rented to third parties by AACT should make the request in writing to <info@aact.org> or AACT, PO Box 101476, Fort Worth, TX 76185-1476. Such individuals should not provide their personal addresses or email addresses to AACT as the contact points for their organizations.
Contact Us  |  Report a Website Problem
Credit Card Merchant Services
American Association of Community Theatre
PO Box 101476, Fort Worth, TX 76185-1476
817-732-3177 | 817-732-3178 fax
info@aact.org
AACT is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit organization