https://www.berkeleycityclub.com/privacy-policy.htm
Berkeley City Club Privacy Policy
Skip to content
Open Menu
Our History
About Julia Morgan
Historic Timeline
Historic Berkeley Photos
Hotel
Accommodations
Amenities
Pool
Membership
Dining
Curbside Pickup
Julia's Restaurant
Morgan's Bar & Lounge
Weddings
Weddings at Berkeley City Club
Micro Weddings
Request Wedding Information
Meetings
Event Space & Capacities
FAQs & Sample Menus
Request for Proposal
Explore
Local Attractions
UC Berkeley/Greek Theater
Events
COVID-19
Member Login
ARRIVE
Check In Date
DEPART
Check Out Date
ADULTS
CHILDREN
RESERVE
Reserve Now
Reserve Now
Scroll down
Hotel
Berkeley City Club
Privacy Policy
At Berkeley City Club, we understand that privacy is important to you.  We are providing this Privacy Policy Statement to help you understand how we may collect and use information.
Scope and Information that this Privacy Policy Covers
This Privacy Policy applies to information collected on our websites, mobile applications, cloud-based services, or controlled widgets embedded in communication platforms with a link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “Site”). It covers how we collect, use, share, and otherwise process Personal Information as of the date that this Privacy Policy is posted. It does not apply to any other information collected by Berkeley City Club and its other affiliates – Julia’s Restaurant, Morgan’s Bar & Lounge – through any other means. By “Personal Information,” we mean information that identifies or can identify you personally.
Accordingly, this Privacy Policy does not apply to any websites maintained or operated by unaffiliated third parties, including those of advertisers and the Berkeley City Club Conservancy (www.berkeleycityclubconservancy.org). When you click on those links, you will go to a third party website where you will be subject to that website’s privacy policy, which we encourage you to read. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of those other websites and we expressly disclaim any liability for their actions, including actions relating to the use and disclosure of Personal Information.
Personal Information We Collect About You
We collect your Personal Information on the Site to enhance the services we offer you, maintain and improve the Site, protect the security of you and our Site, comply with legal obligations, and inform you about other services and products that may be available through our marketing alliances. We collect Personal Information about you when you interact with or utilize services offered on this Site, such as:
Making reservations, accommodation requests and payments;
Personalizing the Services according to your Personal Preferences
Consenting to marketing communications;
Applying for a job;
Submitting comments, reviews, or other user-generated content through a contact form or by other means;
Connecting or interacting with us through social media (e.g., Facebook, Google+, Twitter, Instagram); or
Requesting customer or technical support.
Personal Information includes:
Name;
Postal and/or billing address;
E-mail address;
Telephone or mobile number;
Payment card information;
Government identification (e.g., driver’s license or passport identification to verify traveler identities);
Location via IP address;
Device being used (for our mobile or desktop site);
Cookies and similar technologies;
Prior guest stays or interactions, special service and amenity requests; and
Other relevant data.
Other Uses and Disclosures
We will use and disclose Personal Data as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) to comply with applicable law; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to enforce our terms and conditions; (d) to protect our operations; (e) to protect the rights, privacy, safety or property, you or others; and (f) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
Security of Your Information
We maintain reasonable technical, electronic, and organizational security procedures to maintain the security of Personal Information, and safeguard Personal Information against unauthorized or unlawful processing and/or against accidental or unlawful loss, alteration, disclosure or access. Our security procedures include contractual terms with any contractors, agents or data processors that require such entities to protect the security and confidentiality of Personal Information in accordance with our standards. While we strive to protect your Personal Information, we cannot ensure the security of the information you transmit. It is your responsibility to safeguard any email or password that you have created or used in connection with The Berkeley City Club and to notify us if you ever suspect that the security and confidentiality of such email or password has been compromised in any way. You are solely responsible for any use of your Berkeley City Club account via your email and password.
Retention and Storage of Your Information
We will maintain Personal Information for as long as we are required to do so by applicable law(s), or for as long as necessary for the purpose(s) described above for which it is processed. We will delete Personal Information when it is no longer needed and/or take steps to properly anonymize it so that you can no longer be identified from it (unless we need to keep your information to comply with legal or regulatory obligations to which Berkeley City Club is subject) and, in any case, upon expiration of the maximum storage term set forth by applicable law.
Berkeley City Club
2315 Durant Avenue
Berkeley,
CA
94704
United States
Phone:
510.848.7800
Berkeley City Club Facebook
Berkeley City Club Twitter
Berkeley City Club Instagram
Berkeley City Club Yelp
Berkeley City Club Pinterest
Map & Directions
Member Login
Gallery
Sitemap
Accessibility
Berkeley City Club Blog
Julia's Restaurant Blog
Privacy Policy
Careers
©
Berkeley City Club | Hotel Website Design by Vizergy
Call Us
Location
Book Now
scroll back to top of page