http://www.thedemonbarbers.co.uk/privacy-statement/
Home
About
The Demon Barbers XL ‘Rise Up’ (2020)
The Demon Barbers XL ‘Disco At The Tavern’ (2015)
The Lock In Dance Show
History of The Demon Barbers
Live Shows
Dance Displays
Listen & Buy
Video
The Demon Barbers XL Live Promo 2016
The Demon Barbers XL Promo Video 2015
The Making Of Disco At The Tavern
The Lock In Dance Show Promo 2012
Contact
News
Reviews
Breaking Tradition (“we”) promise to protect and respect any personal data you share with us, or that we get from other organisations.
We are certified which means we have the robust processes in place to keep your data 100% safe and secure.
This privacy statement tells you about the type of data we collect and how we use it.
We operate an ‘opt in only’ communication policy for marketing materials. This means we only send out marketing materials to people that have explicitly stated they would like some either by email or post.
You can email mydata@thedemonbarbers.co.uk to ask about the data we hold on you, make changes or ask us to stop using it.
How we collect data from you
When you give it to us DIRECTLY
You may give us your information to download one of our resources from our website, sign up to our blog or when we speak directly on the phone. During that first point of contact you will be asked if you want to opt in to our marketing communications database too so you can receive relevant marketing materials and updates.
A follow up email will always be sent to confirm your subscription and you can opt out at any time.
When we meet at events, you may give us your business card so we can contact you with relevant information in the future. We will always send you a post event email that asks you to confirm you are happy to receive marketing materials from Breaking Tradition. If we don’t get the confirmation you will not be added to our database.
We will hold your data for as long as you are interacting with the content we are sending you. If you stop interacting or request to be removed, you will remain on our database indefinitely on a suppression list so we know never to contact you in the future.
When you give it to us INDIRECTLY
If we speak at a marketing events the event organises may share your contact details with us if you have given them permission to do so.
When you give permission to OTHER ORGANISATIONS to share or it is available publicly
We may combine information you provide to us with information available from external sources so we get a better understanding of your business, for example your business’ website. We do this to understand how we can help your business before we communicate with you. This ensures our marketing is targeted to your business needs so we don’t waste your time. This information can also help us improve our service offering and develop new products.
The information we get from other organisations may depend on your privacy settings or the responses you give, so you should regularly check them. This information comes from the following sources:
Third party organisations
You may have provided permission for a company or other organisation to share your data with third parties.
Social Media
Depending on your settings or the privacy policies for social media like Linkedin, Facebook or Twitter, you might give us permission to access information from those accounts. We will then merge this with our own customer data to get a deep understanding of your business.
Information available publicly
This may include information found in places such as Companies House and information that has been published in articles or newspapers.
When we collect it as you use our WEBSITE
Like most websites, we use “cookies” to help us make our site – and the way you use it – better. When you visit our site for the first time you will be informed of our use of cookies before you continue to browse.
Cookies are small files that downloaded to your PC or other device when you visit our site. They make interacting with a website faster and easier – for example by automatically filling your name and address in text fields. There are more details in our Cookie Policy.
In addition, the type of device you’re using to access our website and the operating system you’re using may come directly from your device if it is set up to do so.
Use of Cookies
We use cookies to enhance the online experience of our visitors. We also use them to understand how our website is being used, to inform the content we write and to enable us to make improvements to our website and services.
You have the right to choose whether you want to accept these cookies. By default, your browser will accept cookies – this can be changed by amending the controls on your browser to reflect your cookie preferences. Please note, disabling cookies may prevent you from using the full range of services available on this website.
Our website uses tracking software to monitor our visitors to understand how they use it. We use software provided by Google Analytics, which use cookies to track visitor usage. This software will save a cookie to your computer’s hard drive to track and monitor your engagement and use of the website, and to help identify you on future visits. It will not store, save or collect personal information.
The personal data we collect
The type and quantity of information we collect and how we use it depends on why you are providing it.
If you contact us through our website forms, via a business card given at an event, on the phone or face to face, we will usually collect:
Your name
• Your Breaking Tradition
• Your email address
• Your telephone number
We will mainly use your data to:
Provide you with the services, products or information you’ve requested
• Keep a record of your relationship with us
• Ensure we know how you prefer to be contacted
• Send you direct marketing
Building profiles of our prospects and targeting communications
We use profiling techniques to ensure communications are relevant, timely and to provide an improved experience. Profiling also allows us to target our communications effectively so we do not contact businesses with irrelevant information.
When building a profile, we may analyse geographic and other information relating to your business to better understand your needs and preferences so we can contact you with the most relevant communications. We may use additional information from third party sources when it is available. Such information is compiled using publicly available data about your business, for example addresses, corporate turnover, marketing spend over a period of time.
Direct Marketing
With your consent, either given to us direct or through our data provider, we will send you direct mail or an email to update you on our services and applicable packages.
If you wish to opt out of our communications you can contact us by emailing mydata@thedemonbarbers.co.uk
We do not sell or share personal details to third parties for the purposes of marketing. But, if we run an event in partnership with another named organisation your details may need to be shared. We will be very clear what will happen to your data when you register so you have the option to opt out.
How we keep your data safe and who has access
Data security is of great importance to Breaking Tradition and to protect your data we have suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures in place to safeguard and secure data collected online. We comply with and have been certified for internal security standard ISO/IEC 27001 (Information Security Management Systems: Requirements).
There are appropriate technical controls in place to protect your personal details. For example, our network is protected and routinely monitored.
We use external companies to collect or process personal data on our behalf and we do comprehensive checks on these companies before we work with them. We put a contract in place that sets out our expectations and requirements, especially around the way they manage the personal data they have collected or have access to.
Some of our suppliers run their operations outside the European Economic Area (EEA), the 27 member states of the EU plus Iceland, Lichtenstein and Norway. Although they may not be subject to same data protection laws as companies based in the UK, we will take steps to make sure they provide an adequate level of protection in accordance with UK data protection law. By submitting your personal information to us you agree to this transfer, storing or processing at a location outside the EEA.
We may need to disclose your details if required to the police, regulatory bodies or legal advisers.
We will only ever share your data in other circumstances if we have your explicit and informed consent.
YOUR RIGHT TO KNOW WHAT WE KNOW ABOUT YOU, MAKE CHANGES OR ASK US TO STOP USING YOUR DATA
You have a right to ask us to stop processing your personal data by emailing mydata@thedemonbarbers.co.uk
You have a right to ask for a copy of the information we hold about you. If there are any discrepancies in the information we provide, please let us know and we will correct them.
If you want to access your information, send a description of the information you want to see and proof of your identity by post to Damien Barber, Data Co-ordinator, Breaking Tradition, Kala Sangam Arts Centre, St Peter’s House, 1 Forster Square, Bradford, BD1 4TY or emailing mydata@thedemonbarbers.co.uk
If you have any questions, please send these to mydata@thedemonbarbers.co.uk
Changes to this policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any significant changes in the way we treat your personal information we will make this clear on the Website or by contacting you directly.
If you have any questions, comments or suggestions, please let us know by contacting Damien Barber, Data Co-ordinator, Breaking Tradition, Kala Sangam Arts Centre, St Peter’s House, 1 Forster Square, Bradford, BD1 4TY or emailing mydata@thedemonbarbers.co.uk
SHARE: