https://www.qyo.org.au/privacy
Home
About
Contact
General Information
Management & Personnel
Conductors
Old Museum Building
2019 Tour Blog
Tutti News
Job Opportunities
Orchestras
Queensland Youth Symphony
Queensland Youth Orchestra 2
Queensland Youth Orchestra 3
Junior String Ensemble
Wind Symphony
Wind Ensemble
Big Band
Concerts
QYS Concert Series
Concerts at Twilight
Morning Music at the Old Museum
John Curro National Youth Concerto Competition
2020 Regional Tour Concerts
2020 QYS & QSO Project
QYO Chamber Orchestra
Alumni
About Alumni
Update your details
Support QYO
Make a donation
Sponsors
Bequests
Volunteer
Hire an Ensemble
Shop
2020 Finale CD & DVD
Online Store
Membership & Auditions
Apply Now
Join QYO in 2021
Audition Excerpts for 2021
Frequently Asked Questions
Orchestra Standards
Save the Dates
2021 Membership
Audition Policies
2021 Membership Form
Remaining Membership Fees
Audition Brochure for 2021
QYO Policies
Menu
Privacy Policy  IntroductionQYO respects the privacy of its members and customers and understands the importance of protecting personal information. QYO’s Privacy Policy complies with the National Privacy Principles embodied in the Privacy Act 1988, which came into effect on 21 December 2001. It explains how QYO collects personal information and maintains, uses and discloses that information. It also outlines your privacy rights, our general rights and obligations and it explains how you can access the information we keep about members. This policy is binding on all staff, including volunteers.Primary purpose definitionPersonal information is collected and retained concerning past and present members, parents/guardians of Performer Members, music teachers, staff, audience members and other individuals for the primary purpose of running QYO programs. All information collected is directly applicable to the functions and activities of QYO and to the health, well-being and protection of its members. This information is entered and stored with an online database and in files in the QYO Office. Data may also be retained in electronic or hardcopy format by staff at other locations, eg. home computers, portable devices.Collection of dataWe will only collect personal information in a fair and lawful manner, and then only that information which we require to manage and promote our organisation. When you apply for membership, the application form includes statements about privacy and requests for consent. Those privacy statements refer you to this policy where more detail is available on how any information about you may be used and disclosed in relation to your membership of QYO. When you apply for membership, you consent to us collecting, maintaining, using and disclosing personal information about you and provided by you or by another person in accordance with this policy.IdentifiersWhen you apply to become a member of QYO, or make application to attend one of our programs, you may be assigned a computer-generated number to uniquely identify you for the purposes of the organisation’s operations. This number has no relationship to any identifier assigned by any other agency.Type of data collectedGenerally, we only collect personal information about you and from you, unless it is not reasonable or practical for us to do so or with your consent. We do not collect or store information about you from individuals or organisations not connected with QYO. Our membership forms generally request information that identifies you, such as your full name, gender and date of birth; and information that enables us to contact you such as address, phone numbers, and email addresses. We may also ask for the name of your school or university, year and course or, if employed, your occupation, position and employer’s name and address. We also like to know your parents’ occupations and workplaces, their interest in voluntary positions with QYO and whether they have any other skills that may be of benefit to QYO. We need to know the names and contact details of your parents/guardians in case we have to contact them in an emergency, or to ensure they are informed about QYO activities, policy issues or other important matters involving their children. We request medical and dietary information to assist QYO staff to manage the safety, health and well-being of all members while they participate in QYO activities. Our audition form asks for additional information such as former and current QYO positions held, current instrumental teacher and their contact details, approximate AMEB level and the ensembles and instruments for which the applicant is auditioning.Sensitive dataQYO does not actively seek to collect sensitive information unless it is necessary to satisfy the aims and principles of our organisation, or is for the care and protection of our members.The following information, which may be considered to be of a sensitive nature, is collected but we do so in accordance with the National Privacy Principles:Information obtained by the Criminal History Check either from the Queensland Family and Child Commission and/or the Queensland Police Service on potential adult volunteers and staff is strictly confidential and is securely stored.We collect health and medical information, including Medicare and private health fund membership numbers, about members to provide the organisation with relevant medical information that is essential to enable us to carry out our duty of care.Consent policyWhen you join QYO, you agree that we may use your contact/personal details to send you information about our organisation and its activities and services that we feel may be of interest to you, and to contact you from time to time to obtain your feedback about our activities and services. You also agree to the collection of sensitive data for the purposes disclosed in this policy. We will not use your personal information for any purpose that you would not reasonably expect us to use it for. Your information may be used to offer you other products, services and activities that will enhance our relationship with you. You may decide on joining, or you may decide at any other time by informing us by email or in writing, that you do not wish to be contacted in this way. It is assumed that existing members have given consent unless they advise us otherwise.Use and disclosureBy signing the membership application form you consent to us using your personal information in the following way:To maintain a register of our membershipTo respond to your request or help us process any request for our activities or servicesTo effectively administer all activities and services that we provide to youTo communicate with you about the activities and services that we may provide youTo inform you of relevant internal or external activities, events, promotions or special offers that may be of interest to youTo identify geo-demographic details of our membership for the purpose of building membershipTo ensure the safety, health and well-being of all members while they participate in QYO activitiesTo carry out research, marketing or development of our products, activities and services including the surveying of members on their satisfaction, needs and attitudesTo provide contact information to enable communication between QYO membersTo provide personal details of staff and volunteers to the Queensland Family and Child Commission and/or the Queensland Police Service for criminal record checks in accordance with the State Government Child Protection Act 2000 and our Policy and Procedures.We may release information about you where there is a duty to the public to disclose that information, or where disclosure is required or authorised for law enforcement or regulatory purposes. QYO undertakes to give proper and responsible consideration to privacy issues associated with the introduction of new marketing methods or technology.Data quality and integrityWe rely on the accuracy of the information that members provide us. We try to ensure that all information which we collect, use or disclose is accurate, complete and up to date. We conduct periodic internal checking procedures to ensure that, as far as is practicable, the data held by us is accurate and current. You should promptly notify us if there are any changes to your personal information.Data access and correctionYou can request access at any time to personal information we hold about you. We will process your request within a reasonable time, usually 14 days. There is no fee for requesting access to or updating your information. Before giving you access to, or amending your records, either in person or over the phone, we may require you to prove your identity. We may ask you to verify your full name, date of birth and address or other information.QYO uses forms other than the audition and membership application forms for various operational purposes. These forms often request personal details from members, which were previously collected from their original membership application. These provide us with further opportunities to ensure our data is accurate and current.Any amendments to member records will be processed as soon as possible after forms are submitted.Access to data by staff and members of QYOVoluntary staff play an important administrative role in QYO’s operations. Communication between staff is of primary importance for QYO’s successful operation. The provision of some personal details about Members to volunteers, typically current or former parents of members, whose role is to supervise members, is essential. For these reasons, QYO staff are authorised to provide limited personal information about a Performer Member to another staff member for bona fide purposes.Access to data by non-staffAccess to personal information by non-staff, except custodial parents / guardians, is not permitted. Personally identifiable data is not provided to third parties.Data securityWe take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information from misuse, loss, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. We have physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your information held by us.For example, your personal information in the form of original or copies of paper forms are stored securely in our office and storage rooms. Authorised volunteer or paid staff may also hold forms. These staff are accountable for the security and privacy of your data.The QYO Office and online database are the only locations of the data held in electronic databases. We require all staff and volunteers to maintain the confidentiality of customer and member information. The database is backed up on a daily basis. Commercial use of dataThere are rare occasions when external organisations or individuals wish to offer a product or service to members, which we consider would be beneficial, or of interest. Subject to our approval of the organisation and the material to be sent to members, and a signed agreement between QYO and the organisation regarding data confidentiality, we may provide mailing data in a secure format to that organisation, or to a mailing house on their behalf. In general, QYO does not rely on third party suppliers to conduct specialised activities such as bulk mail outs, data processing etc. While your personal information may be provided to an agent to enable them to perform their agreed tasks, such information remains the property of QYO at all times and the agent organisations involved are bound by specific confidentiality, non-disclosure agreements and data disposal protocols.Website on-line services policyQYO does not collect any personal information about you via our Internet site except when you knowingly provide it. It is possible for you to visit this website without telling us who you are. We may use your email address to send you from time to time various promotional offers, QYO program information, special events or other marketing communications that may be of interest to you. It is our policy only to email customers who give us permission to do so. If we send you an email for a commercial purpose, we will give you the option of not receiving further communications of this nature.Personal information obtained on the site will never be released to a third party without your consent. We will use any collected information to improve our service to users, and from time to time may contact registered users about new features and improvements to the website.QYO will take reasonable steps to ensure that member information is secure from any unauthorised access or disclosure. We review our security procedures from time to time and update them when relevant.We assume no responsibility for the information practices of third-party sites where a user is able to access their sites through ours. We encourage users to review each site’s privacy policy before disclosing any personally identifiable information.For statistical purposes we may collect non-personalised information on website activity (such as the number of users who visit the website, the date and time of visits, the number of pages viewed and navigation patterns) through the use of ‘cookies’ and other tracking technology. In order to collect user statistics we may anonymously log information, and identify categories of users by items such as domains and browser types.QYO may amend this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on our pages, and via an email to registered users.If you have any questions or feedback on our website privacy policies, please send an email to info@qyo.org.au.Your rightsYou need not give us any of the personal information about you or any other person, which may be requested in our communications with you. However, without that information, we may not be able to process an application, fulfill your request to become a member or provide you with an appropriate level of service. You are entitled to ask us for access to your personal information records at any time, or to choose to cancel or opt-out of any service or future mailing. You may elect to advise us that your phone or email details are to be marked as ‘silent’ in which case we will not release or publish them in any form.Complaints resolutionComplaints will be resolved by QYO Staff, including volunteers, as they arise. Where a complainant is dissatisfied with the action or response from staff, they are encouraged to raise it directly with the QYO General Manager. If the complainant is still dissatisfied, they are encouraged to submit a complaint in writing or by email to the QYO President for consideration by the QYO Executive Committee and the QYO Executive Committee will issue a response by email.Changes to our privacy policyThe information presented in this policy relates to our current privacy standards and we may vary these from time to time. We will notify you of these changes by publishing them on our website. We will not separately notify you of these changes in any other way.DisclaimerThe contents of this site are collated and presented in good faith. Queensland Youth Orchestras accepts no responsibility for the accuracy of the contents nor for any actions taken by any individual or organisation based on the information presented. Queensland Youth Orchestras reserves the right to delete or modify any aspect of the information without notice.Updated August 2020DownloadsQYO Child Protection Risk Management Strategy PDFQYO Incident Report FormHearing AwarenessBCC Creative Brisbane Creative Economy Strategy 2013-22 Link to Brisbane City Council Creative Spaces Page