http://www.extrememusic.com/cookies-policy
Home
Discover
Search
Mytrax
Dashboard
Favorites
Mixes
Log in to download and create playlists.
Log in
Don’t have an account yet?
Sign up for free
Home
Discover
Fastrax
FAQ
Tutorials
Shortcuts
Merch
Custom
EDL
Contact
Home
Search Keyword, Vibe, Genre, Composer, BPM, Etc.
Search For
Tracks
Lyrics
Clear
Search
Log In
Sign Up
Cookies Policy
Last revision date: August 3, 2019
A cookie is a simple text file containing small amounts of information which are stored on your computer or mobile when you visit a website. Cookies are sent back to the originating site on each subsequent visit or to another site that recognizes the cookie. Cookies allow a website to remember your preferences, improve the user experience and tailor the adverts you see to those that are most relevant to you.
We may use other forms of technology which serve a similar purpose to cookies and which allow us to monitor and improve our sites and apps. These could include “web beacons” (also known as image tags, pixel tags, GIFs or web bugs) which are small pieces of code used to collect advertising data, such as counting page views, promotion views or advertising responses. When we talk about cookies in this policy, this term also includes these similar technologies.
We (“Extreme”) use the following types of cookies:
First-Party Cookies.
First party cookies are set by the Extreme website and can only be read by our site.
Third-Party Cookies.
Third-party cookies are set by an organization other than Extreme. For example, we use a third-party analytics company (Google Analytics) which will set its own cookie to perform this service. Our site may also contain content embedded from, for example, YouTube or Flickr, and these sites may set their own cookies. Extreme does not control the dissemination of these cookies so you should check the relevant third party website for more information.
Session Cookies.
Session cookies are temporarily stored during a browsing session and are deleted from your device when the browser is closed.
Persistent Cookies.
Persistent cookies are saved on your computer for a fixed period and are not deleted when the browser is closed. Persistent cookies are used where we need to know who you are for more than one browsing session. For For example, we use this type of cookie to store your preferences so that they are remembered for the next visit.
Flash Cookies.
Our site uses Adobe Flash Player to deliver video content to users. Adobe utilizes its own cookies, which are not manageable through your browser settings but are used by the Flash Player for similar purposes, such as storing preferences or tracking users. Flash cookies work in a different way to web browser cookies (such as the four listed above). Rather than having individual cookies for particular jobs, a website is restricted to storing all data in one cookie. You can control how much data can be stored in that cookie but you cannot choose what type of information is allowed to be stored.
We group the cookies used on our site into three categories:
Strictly Necessary Cookies.
These cookies are necessary to enable you to move about the website and to use its features.
Functionality Cookies.
These cookies enhance the functionality of the website by remembering and storing your preferences — for example, your name, default territory and language. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of our website that you can customize.
Analytics Cookies.
These cookies collect information about how you use a website in order to improve and enhance its performance — for example, to remember which pages are visited most often.
We use Google Analytics to gather statistical information about visits to our site. You can learn more about Google Analytics cookies at www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
We also use ClickDimensions and Oktopost to gather information about visits to our website. You can learn more about these companies’ cookies at https://support.clickdimensions.com/hc/en-us/articles/115001156993-ClickDimensions-Cookies-for-Web-Analytics and https://www.oktopost.com/cookies
We use Mixpanel to collect details of visitors’ behavioral patterns when visiting our site. You can learn more about Mixpanel cookies at https://mixpanel.com/legal/privacy-policy/.
If you don’t want to allow cookies at all, or you only want to allow the use of certain cookies, please refer to your browser or device settings. The procedure for doing so varies from one browser application to another.
We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze your use of the site. The information generated by Google’s cookies about your use of the site (including your IP address) will be transferred to and held on Google’s servers in the US. Google will use this information to analyze your use of the Site and to create reports about the use. Google may also transfer the information to third parties where required to do so by law or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with other information of Google. By using this site, you consent to the processing of your information collected by Google as described above and for the purposes described above. Google Analytics can be disabled through this link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
We also use ClickDimensions, a web analytics service provided by Microsoft, Inc. in conjunction with Oktopost. These services use cookies to help us analyze your use of the site and generate reports of your visits and use of the site to enhance benefit of the site to you.
We use Mixpanel for analytics to help us learn how users engage with our website. You may opt out from having Mixpanel collect your information at any time here: https://help.mixpanel.com/hc/en-us/articles/360000679006-Managing-Personal-Information#optout-users
Please note that by disabling cookies, you may be prevented from accessing some features of the site or certain content or functionality may no longer be available.