http://www.woburnabbey.co.uk/privacy-and-cookies/
The Woburn Estate
Privacy
The Bedford Estates, London
Abbey and Gardens closure
Please note that Woburn Abbey and Gardens will be closed until 2022 to undergo major refurbishments works.
Terms and Conditions and Copyright
T's & C's and Copyright
Terms and Conditions and Copyright
General terms and conditions of admission to Woburn Abbey and Gardens
Possession of the booking confirmation email or receipt will be regarded as proof of purchase and entitles you to the relevant number and type of tickets purchased. If it is not possible to print the confirmation, please write down the BOOKING REFERENCE and quote this reference on the gate, please be aware that this will slow down your entry time.
All tickets are non-refundable and non-transferable unless due to exceptional circumstances. This will be at the discretion of Woburn Abbey and Gardens. Event tickets are not transferable and cannot be re-sold or exchanged.
As a condition of entry we reserve the right to undertake security checks at our entry gates and ticket lanes and to request further identification before entry to the Abbey and Gardens. We also reserve the right to refuse entry to any member of the public.
Dogs are permitted on the public footpaths in the deer park only and must be kept on a lead because of the deer.
Dogs and pets are not permitted in the Abbey or Gardens and we do not advise that you leave your dog in your car. Assistance dogs are allowed in the Abbey and Gardens.
The Abbey is a non-smoking area and smoking is not permitted anywhere within the gardens.
No camp fires or barbeques are allowed in the Deer Park or Gardens
The speed limit on the estate must be adhered to at all times
Visitors enter at their own risk. The company does not accept any liability for damage to vehicles unless negligent practises are proven.
Woburn Abbey and Gardens reserves the right to ask any visitor to leave the site should they behave in an inappropriate or unsafe manner.
Woburn reserves the right to withdraw any attraction, alter times, prices and events or services without notice; this does not affect your consumer rights. If you are affected by cancellations on the day of your visit, please ask a member of staff to speak to a Manager, who will aim to rectify the issue with you.
A fullpaying adult ot guardian must be present when any one under the age  of sixteen is taking part in an experience or event.
Woburn Abbey and Gardens cannot be held responsible for the weather conditions.However in exceptional circumstances if Woburn Abbey and Gardens cancels the experience or event an alternative date will be arranged.
It is up to the individual to assess their own fitness levels as some experiences do require some degree of fitness e.g walking tours. Woburn Abbey and Gardens reserve the right to ask you not to continue with an experience  if we feel you are not physically able to partake.
Credit and debit card transactions are made on a separate secure server with full encryption of all data. Your card details and personal information is never shared with any other third party or organisation.
Complaints: We aim to give all of our customers a fantastic experience with us, but should you encounter any problems or need to make a complaint, please ask to speak a Manager whilst at Woburn Abbey and Gardens. This should be done on the day of your visit, to enable us the opportunity to resolve any issues immediately for you, so you can fully enjoy your day.
Should you wish to contact us following your visit, please call 01525 290333 or via email admissions@woburnabbey.co.uk , we will endeavour to resolve any issues that you had on your visit, but may not be able to provide the same level of resolution had you raised your issue on the day.
Error loading MacroEngine script (file: /Elements/EventsScroller.cshtml)
Newsletter Sign Up
We would love to stay in touch. If you are interested in receiving our regular email newsletter with news about events and offers, please sign up.
Sign me up!