http://www.puppettheatre.co.uk/about-us/privacy-policy
Norwich Puppet Theatre
TEXT SIZE
A
A
A
Box Office: 01603 629 921
Search
HomeWhat's OnAbout UsSupport UsHireContact UsCreative LearningTouring
Home > About Us > Privacy Policy
About Us
The VenueAccessibility Audience ReviewsOnline Puppet TheatrePrivacy PolicyBoard of TrusteesCurrent Vacancies & OpportunitiesNews update Theatre News: Ian WoodsCOVID-19 Visiting GuidelinesRelaxed EventsInformation resources
Privacy Policy
Norwich Puppet Theatre is committed to safeguarding your online privacy, please read this information carefully to understand how your personal information will be treated. This policy may change from time to time, so please check it periodically. We are happy to answer any questions about our Privacy Policy or the use of your information that you may have.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act), and the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR), from 25 May 2018, the data controller is Norwich Puppet Theatre, 01603 615564, info@puppettheatre.co.uk
SUMMARY
How and what we collect about you
When you use our website, we may collect information about you. We may do this through recording information you put into the website, and also through the use of cookies. Cookies are small files stored on your computer, which tell us about your browsing, but do not tell us who you are. You can stop cookies from being downloaded to your computer by changing the settings in your internet browser.
What we do with your information
We use the information we collect about you to improve your browsing experience of our website and to process your orders. We may also use it to contact you about upcoming shows or new merchandise, unless you would prefer us not to. You can contact us to find out what information we hold on you.
We maintain a customer relationship management (CRM) system to hold contact details and a record of your interactions with Norwich Puppet Theatre such as ticket purchases, donations,  attendance at events and profile information. Where possible we aim to keep a single record for each customer.
We will keep your information secure, and will never pass on your information to third parties without your consent.
FULL PRIVACY POLICY
Norwich Puppet Theatre (“we”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Details
of the purchases (tickets, memberships, donations) you carry out through
the Norwich Puppet Theatre website and of the fulfilment of your orders.
If
you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
We
may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes,
although you do not have to respond to them.
Details
of your visits to the Norwich Puppet Theatre website including, but not
limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication
data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise
and the resources that you access.
and
any other information provided at the time of registering to use the Norwich
Puppet Theatre website, subscribing to our service, posting material or
requesting further services.
WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
All information you provide to us is stored on secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology. Where you have chosen (or we have given you) a password which enables you to access certain parts of the Norwich Puppet Theatre website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Transmission of information via the internet carries a degree of risk. We cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted en route to the Norwich Puppet Theatre website; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will take all reasonable steps to protect your personal data. We will use best practice procedures and security features to prevent unauthorised access.
USES MADE OF THE INFORMATION
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To
fulfil ticket, donation and membership requests.
To
notify you about changes to our service.
To
ensure that the Norwich Puppet Theatre website is presented in the most
effective manner for you and for your computer.
To
provide you with information, products or services that you request from
us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be
contacted for such purposes.
To
allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you
choose to do so.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes.  You can exercise your right to opt-in to such processing by selecting certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us on 01603 615564 or emailing info@puppettheatre.co.uk or logging into your online customer account.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
IP ADDRESSES AND COOKIES
Information may be collected through Google Analytics, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type.  This is statistical data about your browsing actions and patterns, and will not allow you to be identified as the user.
For the same reason, information may be obtained about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. They help us to improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalised service. They can enable us:
To
estimate our audience size and usage pattern.
To
store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise the
Norwich Puppet Theatre website according to your individual interests.
To
speed up your searches.
To
recognise you when you return to our site.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the Norwich Puppet Theatre website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our site.
ACCESS TO INFORMATION
The Act and GDPR gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act and GDPR.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act), and the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR), from 25 May 2018, the data controller is Norwich Puppet Theatre, 01603 615564, info@puppettheatre.co.uk
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
Telephone: +44 (0) 1603 629921
|
Fax: +44 (0) 1603 617578
|
Email: info@puppettheatre.co.uk
Registered in England: 1243558
|
Registered Charity: 271041
|
VAT No:289 7057 04
Supporters:
Copyright 2010 Norwich Puppet Theatre
|
Designed by Solid Block | Powered by Wetink CMS
You can book tickets online for this event via the UEA ticket office*, or by phone through our box office.
*Please note that an additional booking fee will be added to the ticket price
This site uses cookies to store information on your computer.
By using the site you are agreeing to accept the terms of our privacy policy
Close this message