https://www.subbassdj.com/terms-and-conditions
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Pre requisites, terms and ConditionsStudents are asked to make sure they are booked onto the correct course for their ability. Any outstanding balance is due 14 days prior to the start date, or as arranged at the time of booking. If we do not receive the final payment in due time we reserve the right to re-book and cancel the space. All deposits are non-refundable.When choosing to pay in instalment, payments must be made on or before the dates set out at the time of booking. Failure to pay on these dates may result students being taken off the course and / or legal action. We do not offer a pay as you go option, by paying the deposit and opting to pay with monthly instalments this means the balance of the course is still payable even in the event of the student not completing the course. Booking 2 courses in one booking with a discounted rate is counted as a single course booking and our terms and conditions apply to the whole booking and not to each course individually. The course will be deemed as started upon commencement of the first course day.When choosing to pay with an instalment plan it is agreed that the specified amount will be debited from your registered card on the specified date. Students are required to register a payment card for the order so that payment can be collected automatically on time. It is the responsibility of the customer to make sure funds are available to make the payment. If a payment declines Subbass DJ Academy LTD reserves the right to withdraw the space and re - sell the space, In such an instance a refund of payments already made will not be offered, unless a cancellation notice is received.Once a booking has been confirmed you have 14 days to cancel or amend a booking. If we do not receive cancellation notice in the due time the full course fee is chargeable. We retain the right to change the course date up to 24 hours prior to the start of the course. Course time lost due to lateness or illness cannot be made up and any further tuition will be charged at our standard rates. When booking 2 courses in one booking with a discounted rate the refund policy applies to the whole booking. So the 14 day’s notice period should be taken from the purchase date. Discounts applied to multiple course bookings are deducted from the last course in the booking.Students coming from abroad to take our courses must have all VISA requirements and travel arrangements arranged before enrolling on any course and must pay in full at the time of booking.121 hours are valid from 6 months of purchase date, no partial refund shall be given for
121 hours. We require 48 hours’ notice to change or amend a confirmed 121 date and time slot. If we do not receive at least 48 hours’ notice the session will be deemed as completed and the hours will be deducted from the students allotted allocationRefund policyDeposits or the deposit part of a payment is non-refundable once a course has been confirmed. A course shall be deemed as confirmed upon receipt of deposit and or full payment. Once a booking is confirmed students have 14 days from the date of purchase to cancel or amend the booking. Students who cancel within this period shall be entitled to a full refund less the deposit part of the payment. SubBass Online SubscriptionSubscribers will get full and unlimited access to online services during the subscription period, Subscription is a rolling monthly service, the subscription fee will be debited upon sign up and then on the same day every month which will be 1 calendar month from the date of sign up.Cancelling a subscriptionA subscription can be cancelled at any time from within 'My account' services, once a subscription has been cancelled the service will end with immediate effect. No partial refund will be offered if a subscription is cancelled before the end of a billing period. Subscription customers can at any time see the date of the next payment due in
the my account section of the SubBass website.Refund policyUsers are entitled to a full refund if cancelled 14 days from the date of purchase, users should email info@subassdj.com from refunds. Refunds will not be offered once a user has used or accessed the service. Using the SubBass website, and online course content1. Terms of UseThese Terms of Use ("Terms”) apply to the website (the “Site”) and interactive services (together the “Services”) owned or operated by SubBass Online Limited trading as SubBass Online Limited (“Subbass”) and its subsidiaries and affiliates.The Terms apply to all visitors to and users of the Services, including unregistered and registered users, members and paying subscribers (individually "User" and collectively, "Users”). By visiting or using the Services you are agreeing to abide by the Terms. Subbass may alter the Terms at any time and the changes will become effective 14 days after posting the revised Terms on the Site (the "Effective Date"). You can review the most current version of the Terms at any time at on this page. You should check the Site periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Services after the Effective Date indicates your acceptance of the new Terms.Additional terms ("Additional Terms") may be posted on a particular Service that will also apply to use of such Service. The Additional Terms will be incorporated into the Terms. Subbass may also offer certain Services that are governed by different terms of service. Such terms of service will be posted on the Site and will govern the use of such Service.2. The Services2.1. Changes and withdrawal our Services aim to provide Users with access to a wide array of online music and creative resources. Other Services require payment. Subbass reserves the right to change or to withdraw temporarily or permanently the Services at any time without notice. You agree that Subbass will not be liable to you or any third party for any change to or withdrawal of the Services.2.2. Limitations
Subbass endeavours to make your experience of the Site enjoyable. However, we cannot always anticipate technical or other operational difficulties which may result in loss of data or other service interruptions. For this reason, you agree that the Services, including the services of our third-party service providers, are provided "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE". Neither Subbass nor our third-party service providers assume responsibility for the deletion, non-delivery or failure to store any data or communications. Please refer to Section 6 below for full details of our liabilities to you.2.3. User Content
You are solely responsible for all User Content (as defined below) that you upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available on or through the Services (collectively, "Post"). "User Content" means User-Posted content or information of any type or medium, including but not limited to: e-mails or other messages; other forms of communication through the Services; personal User information; board posts; reviews; blogs, data, notes and testimonials; poll votes; images; audio or video files; and software. You agree to Post only User Content which you own, have created, or which you have permission to Post. You acknowledge and agree that Subbass does not endorse User Content and is not responsible or liable for any User Content, even though it may be unlawful, harassing, libellous, abusive, vulgar, obscene, or otherwise objectionable, or may infringe upon the intellectual property or other rights of another. You acknowledge that Subbass does not pre-screen User Content and has no obligation to do so. Subbass reserves the right (but is not obliged) in its sole discretion to refuse, edit, move or remove any User Content that is posted on or through the Services.2.4. Third-Party Services
The Services may provide links to other sites, services, products, applications or content offered by or through Subbass’s third-party providers, including but not limited to advertisers, content and e-commerce providers (collectively "Third-Party Services"). Your use of any Third-Party Services is subject to any terms of service or conditions of use associated with the Third-Party Services. Subbass does not control Third-Party Services and is not responsible for any Third-Party Services or for the contents thereof. Subbass does not endorse any Third-Party Services or any products, content or communications linked to or accessible from the Services. You agree you are wholly responsible for making your own independent judgment regarding your user or interaction with Third-Party Services.2.5. Privacy Policy
Subbass respects your privacy and has developed a detailed Privacy Policy that is incorporated into the Terms; please take the time to read it. As a User of the Services, you are accepting the terms of our Privacy Policy.3. General Terms of Use
For the benefit of the entire Subbass community and to ensure compliance with applicable laws, Subbass has certain general terms of use, which Subbass will construe in its sole discretion. Violation of these rules may be grounds for immediate termination of your right to use the Services. You should therefore carefully read and follow them.3.1. Accurate Personal Information
You agree to provide accurate and current personal information about yourself as requested in the Services registration forms (the "Registration Data"). You agree to keep the Registration Data up-to-date.3.2. Protect Your Password
When you register, you will receive an account and select a password. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account. You are also fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. In the event of any unauthorised use of your password or account or any other breach of security, you must notify Subbass immediately and promptly change your password.3.3. Respect the Law
You agree not to use the Services for illegal purposes or for the transmission of material that is unlawful, harassing, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, abusive, threatening, or obscene, or that infringes the copyright or other intellectual property rights of others.3.4. Permitted Use
The content included in the Services, including all website design, text, graphics, photos, audio, video, the selection and arrangement thereof, and all software that are part of the Services (collectively, the "Content") is owned or licensed by Subbass and/or its licensors. All Content is made available to you for your personal, non-commercial use and may not be stored, copied or downloaded onto a computer for any such use. The Content is protected by copyright, trademark, service mark, patent and other proprietary rights and laws. Publication, sale, redistribution in any form and any modification or use of the Content, except as expressly permitted, is prohibited without the prior written permission of Subbass.3.5. Prohibited Use
You agree not engage in any of the following activities:
3.5.1. use any automated means to access, monitor, data scrape, copy or transfer any part of the Services or the Registration Data or other data of any User;
3.5.2. breach the security or authentication measures on the Services;
3.5.3. seek any information on any other User of the Services, including any Subbass account not owned by you;
3.5.4. exploit the Services in any way where the purpose is to reveal any information, other than your own information as provided for by the Services;
3.5.5. take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the infrastructure of the Services;
3.5.6. use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working or authorised uses of the Services or with any other person's use of the Services;
3.5.7. attempt to disguise the origin of any message transmittal you send on or through the Services; and
3.5.8. impersonate any other individual or entity or misrepresent your identity or your affiliation with another individual or entity.3.5.9 Suspicious Activity - Accounts are constantly monitored and if we believe a student is abusing the service or recording content the account will be closed immediately and no refund or partial refund will be offered. The materiel is designed for the purpose of learning as structured course, anyone found to be abusing this service or suspected of sharing log in details will be deactivated from the system and no refund will be offered. The management decission is final and binding in this instance.4. Online Materiel and content
4.1. User Tools
Subbass and its affiliates reserve the right to immediately terminate your access without refund to any or all of the User Tools at any time without notice for any reason whatsoever.4.2. Monitoring
Subbass and its affiliates have no obligation to pre-screen or monitor the User Tools or the content Posted on or through any User Tools. Subbass and its affiliates reserve the right to edit or remove the User Content or communications and to disclose any information or take any action as necessary to satisfy any applicable laws or governmental request.4.3. Usage
User Content or communications posted using the User Tools are public communications which others may read without your knowledge or consent. You should not have any privacy expectations in relation to communications made through the User Tools. Please exercise caution when posting personal information, especially when posting information that could personally identify you. Your posting of any User Content through the User Tools is done at your own risk. Subbass is not responsible for its theft, copying or placement of that User Content on other media or networks. Subbass and its affiliates do not control or endorse the User Content, communications or information posted in any community. Subbass and its affiliates disclaim any liability with regard to the User Tools and the User Content therein and any actions resulting from your participation or the participation of others using the User Tools. Views expressed on the Site do not necessarily reflect those of Subbass and its affiliates.5. Downloads
Any material or third-party software downloaded through or for the use of the Services is done at your own risk. Subbass will not be responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any such material. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from the Services or our third-party service providers will create any warranty not expressly stated. 6. Rights You Grant to Subbass6.1. User ContentBy submitting any User Content to the Services (excluding any User Content you submit on Subbass Blogs), you hereby irrevocably grant to Subbass, its affiliates and distributors, a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, and fully sub-licensable licence, to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, translate, publicly perform, publicly display, create derivative works from, transfer, transmit and distribute on the Services such User Content and to incorporate the User Content into other works in any format or medium. The foregoing licence shall include the right to exploit any proprietary rights in such User Content, including but not limited to rights under copyright, trademark, service mark or patent laws under any relevant jurisdiction. With respect to User Content you Post for inclusion on publicly accessible areas of Subbass Blogs, you grant Subbass the licence to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publicly perform and publicly display such User Content on the Services or on any media. You agree that the foregoing grant of rights by you to Subbass and its affiliates is provided without any entitlement to payment of any kind.6.2. Access to Your AccountIn order to provide high-quality services to you, Subbass’s representatives may require access to your account and records as reasonably needed to investigate complaints. You are responsible for providing all personal computer and communications equipment necessary to gain access to the Services.7. ChildrenThe Services are not directed to children under the age of 16. Subbass will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information on or through the Services from anyone under 16. Please be aware that certain areas on the Services contain mature content and there may be posted specific age restrictions to access and view such areas. You may be exposed to Content on the Services that you find offensive, indecent or objectionable. By using the Services you assume all risk associated with its use. We encourage parents to supervise their children's use of the Services and maintain open communication regarding appropriate materials for use and viewing by their children.8. Other Legal Stuff8.1. Disclaimer of WarrantiesYou understand and accept that:
YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. SUBBASS, ITS AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS AND LICENSORS (COLLECTIVELY, THE "SUBBASS PARTIES") EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
THE SUBBASS PARTIES MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT: THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE; THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE; THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS; THAT YOUR MESSAGES, DATA OR INFORMATION, IN WHATEVER FORM OR MEDIUM, WILL NOT BE LOST;
AND ANY ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED. ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE SERVICES IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL.
NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM ANY SUBBASS PARTY, OR THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICES WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE TERMS.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. IN SUCH JURISDICTIONS, LIABILITY OF THE SUBBASS PARTIES WILL BE LIMITED TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. To the extent that any part of this section is not consistent with any other part of the Terms, then this Disclaimer of Warranties will override it.8.2 Limitation of Liability
YOU AGREE THAT THE SUBBASS PARTIES WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF THE SUBBASS PARTIES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM: (I) THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES; (II) THE COST OF GETTING SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY PRODUCTS, DATA, INFORMATION OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED OR MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICES; (III) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA; (IV) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANYONE ON THE SERVICES; OR (V) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SERVICES. IF, NOTWITHSTANDING THE OTHER PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, ANY SUBBASS PARTY IS FOUND TO BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGE OR LOSS WHICH ARISES OUT OF OR IS ANY WAY CONNECTED TO YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, LIABILITY OF THE SUBBASS PARTIES SHALL IN NO EVENT EXCEED THE TOTAL OF ANY SUBSCRIPTION OR SIMILAR FEES WITH RESPECT TO ANY SERVICE OR FEATURE OF THE SERVICES PAID IN THE SIX MONTHS PRIOR TO THE DATE OF THE INITIAL CLAIM MADE AGAINST SUBBASS.8.3. IndemnificationYou agree to protect and fully compensate the Subbass Parties from any and all third-party claims, liability, damages, expenses and costs (including, but not limited to, reasonable legal fees) arising from your use of the Services, or violation of the Terms by you or any other user of your account.8.4. Copyright InfringementIf you believe that content you own has been used on the Services in a way that violates your copyright or other intellectual property rights, please provide Subbass with the following information:
8.4.1. a signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property right;8.4.2. a description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed;8.4.3. a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Site;8.4.4. your address, telephone number and e-mail address;8.4.5. a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright or intellectual property owner or the law; and8.4.6. a statement by you that the above information in your Notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner's behalf.8.5. MiscellaneousSubbass’s rights under the Terms may not be waived unless Subbass agrees to such change in writing. The Terms and your account on the Services are personal to you and may not be transferred or assigned. The Terms are governed by Northern Irish law and you hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Northern Irish courts in all disputes arising out of or relating to the Services. Use of the Services is not permitted in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these terms and conditions, including without limitation this Section 8.6 Subbass’s performance of the Terms is subject to existing laws. If any part of the Terms is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the Terms shall continue in effect. The Terms, together with any additional terms and conditions or policies referred to and incorporated herein (including additional terms applicable to various parts of the Services and the Privacy Policy), constitutes the entire understanding between you and Subbass regarding the Services.A printed version of the Terms and any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to the Terms to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. The parties have agreed that the Terms shall be written in English.9. NoticesSubbass may give you notice of certain events from time to time and may be required by law to notify you of certain events. You hereby acknowledge and consent that such notices will be effective upon our posting them on our Services or delivering them to you through e-mail, if you have provided Subbass with your accurate e-mail address.Subbass DJ Academy LTD and Subbass Online LTD10 Royal StreetLondonSE1 7LLE-mail: info@subbassdj.com
Contact Details
Address
1st Floor
10 Royal Street
London
SE1 7LL
(opposite St Thomas's Hospital)
Call Us
020 7593 0435
Email Us
info@subbassdj.com
Skype
subbassacademy