http://www.dmsymphony.org/privacy/
Read our latest COVID-19 updates.
Home•
Privacy Policy
Access to Our websiteThe Des Moines Symphony is committed to protecting the privacy of visitors to our website. You are free to access and browse our site without disclosing personal data, and you can be assured that we endeavor to protect the confidentiality and security of your information at all times. We do not release any information to outside parties without the express permission of our website users. In addition, the Des Moines Symphony fully complies with HIPAA privacy regulations.Information CollectionThe Des Moines Symphony does not automatically collect personal information from our website nor do we use cookies to store personal information. We do not link personal information about specific individuals with any other information we collect, either on our website or in our facilities. We do not collect personal information from other sources such as public records or private databases nor do we release or sell personal information about those who access our website. We do collect personal information that is voluntarily provided while using our services. All privacy practices and regulations apply to this information, as well.Confidentiality and SecurityThe Des Moines Symphony does not disclose personal information to other organizations. We ensure that personal information will not be disclosed to federal or state institutions and authorities except if required by law or other regulation. We have instituted technical measures to protect personal information in our files from unauthorized access; improper use or disclosure; unauthorized modification, or unlawful destruction or accidental loss. All Des Moines Symphony employees who have access to and who process personal information are obligated to maintain the confidentiality of the information. Our website does provide access to additional information with links to other sites. It is our hope that these sites offer privacy protection, but the Des Moines Symphony is not responsible for their content or privacy practices.Contact InformationIf you have questions or need further information about our privacy statement, please call (515) 280-4000 or contact us via e-mail.
Meet The Maestro
Get to know Joseph Giunta, one of America’s most distinguished, versatile and dynamic conductors.
Meet Joseph
Support The Symphony
Partner with us to continue to bring the best music to Des Moines!
Give Today
Your support of music in our community is more important now than ever!
Through the generosity of our donors, the Des Moines Symphony will continue to play great music and touch lives for years to come. Please consider a contribution today so that we are able to resume live performances when it is safe to do so again.
Donate Today
Close
Concerts & Events
Education
Education
Symphony Academy
Private Lessons
Group Lessons
Youth Ensembles
Classes & Camps
Faculty
Project Encore
Youth & Family Programs
Student Tickets
Subscribe
Subscribe
Masterworks Series
Pops Series
Subscription Benefits
Support
Support
Make a Gift
Ways to Give
Membership & Benefits
Planned & Endowment Giving
Corporate & Public Support
Volunteer
About
About
Maestro Joseph Giunta
Meet the Musicians
Mission
History
Staff & Board
Auditions
Careers
Plan Your Visit
News
Contact Us
Merchandise
DMSO at Home
Livestreams