https://www.judithblacklock.com/terms-conditions/
Terms & Conditions
Skip to content
COURSES
1. Fees
1.1 Full payment of the course fees must be received prior to the commencement of your course. Your place on the course cannot be guaranteed until full payment or in some cases, a deposit is received.
1.2 All fees include VAT at the prevailing rate.
2. Methods of payment
2.1 Fees can be paid in a number of ways:
– by payment (credit or debit) card personally at the school, over the phone or online.
– by UK cheque up to one week before the course start date. Please make all cheques payable to Judith Blacklock Flower School Ltd
– by transfer to our bank account (ask us for the account references)
– by cash, if payment is made in person at the school.
3. Cash payments
3.1 If you wish to pay for your course in cash, and the amount is over £500, you will be required to provide photo ID at the time of booking. This ID should be either a driving licence or passport, which we will photocopy and attach the copy to your booking form.
3.2. If you subsequently require a refund you will need to bring the same photographic ID to collect the cash refund. This will be checked against the original ID provided before any cash is refunded.
4. Non-UK students
4.1 As we may need to contact you in the two weeks prior to the course start date, please ensure you include your UK contact details when making your booking.
4.2 Please ensure that your place is confirmed and the course is running before you make any travel arrangements. We do not offer refunds for travel or accommodation costs.
5. Visas
5.1 If you do not hold a UK / EU / EEA passport you will need a visa that allows you entry to the U.K. in order to take one of our courses. For information please see the Home Office website at http://www.ukvisas.gov.uk. It is your responsibility to determine how far in advance you need to apply for a visa and to allow sufficient time to obtain a visa.
5.2 If you cannot attend a course because you have not obtained a visa to enter the UK no refund will be offered, although we will offer you a transfer if your visa is delayed.
6. Cancellations
6.1 You may cancel your place on a course up to six weeks before the course start date. Under these circumstances, you will have to pay a £65 cancellation fee if you are unable to transfer to another course date. If you do not transfer you will be refunded the remaining course fees.
6.2 If you cancel between two and six weeks before the commencement of the course you will be entitled to a 50% refund.
6.3 If you cancel 14 or fewer days before the commencement of the course there will be no refund.
6.4 Please note that courses have minimum attendance levels and may be cancelled if too few bookings are received. We, therefore, reserve the right to amend or cancel courses.
6.5 If we cancel a course we shall endeavour to give you a minimum of one week’s notice. You will have the option of transferring to another course or of having a full refund of the fees, which we will return to you within three weeks.
6.6 We will not be liable for any losses (including, but not limited to, travel and accommodation costs) arising as a consequence of any modification or cancellation of courses or timetabling constraints as set out above and beyond the cost of the course fee.
7. Transfers
7.1 You may transfer onto another course up to six weeks before the course start date. Under these circumstances, you will be permitted to transfer subject to an administrative charge of £65 to cover our costs.
7.2 If a replacement student is found prior to the course start date, you will be permitted to transfer, subject to an administrative charge of £65.
7.3 Students can transfer a maximum of two times.
7.4 Transfer requests must be made in writing.
7.5 You may not transfer to another course once it has started.
8. Photography and videos
8.1 During the course you may take as many photographs of your work as you wish. We would ask you not to use the work of other people on your own website without their permission. You are not permitted to take videos at the school.
9. Non-attendance
9.1 Non-attendance of classes due to illness or for personal or professional reasons does not create the automatic right to a refund, extra tuition or a transfer. However, in such an event we will, at our sole discretion consider all the circumstances and take such action that we consider to be fair and reasonable.
9.2 Please note that if alternative options are offered there may be an additional course fee charge and/or administrative charge.
10. Certificates
10.1 To achieve a certificate of attendance you must attend at least 80% of the course. You will be presented with a certificate at the end of the course which gives out certificates. The name given on the booking form will be the one that appears on the certificate. If you miss the last session due to reasons for which we are not responsible then a certificate can be sent. If you do not receive a certificate for reasons for which we are responsible then it will be sent in the post free of charge.
11. Health & Safety
11.1 Students are expected to follow the health and safety guidelines given at the start of each course.
12. Applicable law
12.1 These terms and conditions shall be read and construed in accordance with English law and any dispute between us will be dealt with by the English Courts.
13. Materials and equipment
13.1 The course fee includes the cost of all materials and flowers.
14. Force majeure
14.1 We shall not be liable for any failure or delay in the performance, in whole or part, of any of our obligations arising from or attributable to acts, events, omissions or accidents beyond our reasonable control including, but not limited to, strikes, lock-outs or other industrial disputes (whether involving our workforce or the workforce of any other party), act of God, war, riot, civil commotion, terrorism, malicious damage, compliance with any law or governmental order, rule, regulation or direction, accident, breakdown of plant or machinery or heating, lighting, air conditioning or telecommunications equipment, fire, flood, storm, pandemics, epidemics or other outbreaks of disease or infection, or failure in the external supply of electricity, water or telecommunications (including internet) connections.
15. Website operator
15.1 This website is operated by The Judith Blacklock Flower School Ltd which is registered in England at 52 Suffolk Road, London, SW13 9NR.
15.2 By visiting our site and/ or purchasing something from us, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions, including those additional terms and conditions and policies referenced herein and/or available by hyperlink (‘Terms of Service’ or ‘Terms’). The Terms of Service apply to all users of the site, including without limitation users who are browsers, vendors, customers, merchants, and/ or contributors of content.
16. Intellectual Property Rights
16.1 All intellectual property rights regarding this website including, but not limited to, text, graphics, design, logos, photographs, images and all other materials are owned by The Judith Blacklock Flower School or by our partners or affiliates. No trademarks or content may be copied, reproduced, sold or used without our prior written consent. If you breach this Term then you must at our direction return, delete or destroy any copies of the materials you have duplicated.
17. Access to Our Site
17.1 Prices for our products are subject to change without notice.
17.2 We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue the Service (or any part or content thereof) without notice at any time.
17.3 We shall not be liable to you or to any third-party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
17.4 In using our site you agree to act in accordance with the law and accept and abide by all of our Terms of Service. You may not alter, amend, impair or interfere with our website in any way. If you default negligently in any obligations set out in these terms and conditions (including our privacy policy and all other related documents) you shall be liable for all losses and damages that this may cause to The Judith Blacklock Flower School and our affiliates, partners or licensors.
18. Prices
18.1 The price of any or all of our products will be as quoted on our website except in cases of obvious error and are liable to change at any time. All of our prices given on our website are inclusive of VAT at current rates. All prices are exclusive of delivery costs.
19. Refusal of Transaction
19.1 We reserve the right to refuse to process an order for any reason or refuse service to anyone at our sole discretion and at any time during the order process.
20. Ordering Online
20.1 Upon placing your order online you will be sent a confirmation e-mail detailing your order and confirming the value of your order, which will have been debited from your credit or debit card.
20.2 By placing an order through our site, you warrant that you are both legally capable of entering into binding contracts.
21. Errors, inaccuracies and omissions
21.1 We undertake no obligation to update, amend or clarify information in the Service or on any related website, including without limitation, pricing information, except as required by law. No specified update or refresh date applied in the Service or on any related website should be taken to indicate that all information in the Service or on any related website has been modified or updated.
22. Prohibited Uses
22.1 In addition to other prohibitions as set forth in the Terms of Service, you are prohibited from using the site or its content: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability; (f) to submit false or misleading information; (g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the Service or of any related website, other websites, or the Internet; (h) to collect or track the personal information of others; (i) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape; (j) for any obscene or immoral purpose; or (k) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Service or any related website, other websites, or the Internet. We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Service or any related website for violating any of the prohibited uses.
23. Gift Vouchers: Special terms and conditions
23.1 Gift vouchers are purchasable online but are not redeemable online. To book a course using a gift voucher, please call our order line on 020 7235 6235 and ensure that you bring the voucher with you on the day of commencement of your course.
23.2 Recipients of Gift Vouchers can be changed at any time after purchase. Cancellation of a Gift Voucher will incur a £30 administrative charge. The remaining amount will be refunded.
24. Use of personal data
24.1 The personal data that we collect from you is: your first name, surname, address, town, postcode, email address and when provided additional booking notes, gender and age group and off course the (online) course or video booked. We promise to keep your data safe and secure.
24.2 Your personal data will not be given or sold to any third party. Judith Blacklock Flower School collects personal data to operate effectively and for you to have the best experience with our products. Your data is used for your course booking and for you to access your online account. Occasionally, Judith Blacklock Flower School might email you with updates, course information from the school or any other news deemed of interest to you.
24.3 You withhold the right to delete your online account at any point. If you no longer wish for Judith Blacklock Flower School to hold your personal data, please contact us at  school@judithblacklock.com
24.4 Your data will be held under English law and will be kept until you tell us otherwise.
24.5 If you have a complaint or concern, please contact: school@judithblacklock.com
24.6 We regularly review, and where necessary, update our privacy information, which will be updated on our website. If we plan to use personal data for a new purpose, other than indicated above, we update our privacy information and communicate the changes to individuals before starting any new processing of your personal data.
COVID-19
We’ve made some changes to ensure that we’re not just complying with the Government Health & Safety Regulations, but that we’re also operating in the safest way, all whilst ensuring you have the best time possible here.
Here are the steps we have implemented:
Classes will be limited to 8 people maximum
There will be a separate entrance and exit to the school to keep a one way system
The door will be kept open (weather permitting for circulation of air)
Hand sanitiser will be available
Regular hand washing intervals on arrival and during classes
Face visors, disposable gloves and disposable aprons to be worn by tutors
Individual work tables about one meter apart
We ask if you are showing any signs of COVID-19 to not attend the course. Please take your temperature daily.
Students will be asked to bring their own face masks to wear although we will have some in the school
Students will be provided with disposable gloves and disposable aprons for classes each day
We are asking students to eat away from the school in local establishments at lunch. The kitchen will not be in use to students.
We’ll have individual bins, contactless payment only and other measures to limit contact
Extra care when cleaning and sanitising between classes