http://www.berkeleyrep.org/privacy/index.asp
Buy Tickets
Donate Now
Subscribe
Shows
UPCOMING
What’s in a Play?
The Steadfast Tin Soldier
Swept Away
2021 season
PAST
Romantics Anonymous
It Can’t Happen Here
A Paris Love Story
Past productions
Box Office
Calendar
Tickets to shows
Ticket packages
Groups and Entourage
Gift certificates
Accessibility
Ticket donations
Seating charts
Subscriber ticket exchange
Policies
See & Hear
Support
Resilience Campaign
Become a Friend
Become a Sponsor
Events
Corporate & Institutional Partnerships
Michael Leibert Society: Planned Giving & Endowments
Other Ways to Give
About
Who we are
Past productions
Berkeley Rep on tour
Rentals
Going green
Get involved
Plan your visit
Press room
School of Theatre
The Ground Floor
Privacy policy
This privacy policy (this “Privacy Policy”) applies to all information received by Berkeley Repertory Theatre Company (“Berkeley Rep,” “us,” “our” or “we”), online and offline, including through our berkeleyrep.org website (the “Website”), any related sites, applications or online services offered by Berkeley Rep, as well as via any electronic, written or oral communications (collectively, the “Services”). Your privacy and security are important to us. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand how we will use and protect your Personal Information (defined below). We will never share your Personal Information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not accept this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Services. We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please check back periodically.
Please also review our Donor Privacy Policy below to learn more about our commitment to our donors.
Open all · Close all
1. What information we collect from you
1.1 Personal Information vs. Non Personal Information
Our primary goal in collecting information from you is to provide you with an efficient and helpful experience while using the Website. In order to do so, the Website collects two types of information about you, Personal Information and Non Personal Information. “Personal Information” refers to information that lets us know the specifics of who you are and can be used to identify, contact or locate you. We may also collect and use Personal Information to verify your identity when you are making purchases or donations or enrolling in classes via the Website. Examples of Personal Information include your first name together with your last name, your credit card number, mailing address and/or email address and phone number. Generally, we collect Personal Information when you use the Website to make ticket purchases or other purchases, make a donation, fill out surveys, participate in contests or sweepstakes if we have any, sign up for classes, correspond with us, participate in our email clubs, choose to post blogs on the Website or otherwise volunteer information about yourself. “Non Personal Information” refers to information that does not by itself identify you or a specific individual. Examples of Non Personal Information we may collect include demographic information, which web pages of ours are most often visited and which of our productions are either receiving the most ticket purchases or website visits. We may collect Non Personal Information through any of the methods discussed above as well as automatically through use of industry standard technologies discussed further below.
1.2 Information you provide to us
You will have the opportunity to provide us with Personal Information and Non Personal Information which we will collect directly from you as follows:
(a) For visitors who email us directly via an email hyperlink. If you email us via a hyperlink, we collect your first and last name, email address and any content included in the email.
(b) For customers purchasing tickets or products or making donations. If you order tickets for one of our productions, or for a whole season, or if you make purchases at our online gift shop or make a donation to Berkeley Rep, we will collect and maintain your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, ticket or selection information, donation amounts (if applicable), credit card number (or check or money order information if using such payment methods while ordering via mail), order tracking number, referring URL, IP address and a password. Before confirming your order, you will have the opportunity to review the order form and make changes and additions to the information it contains and these changes will automatically be kept for future use. If you cancel an order or do not complete an order we may collect and use any email address or other information that you have entered as we would collect and use it if you had completed an order.
(c) For customers enrolling in classes. If you enroll in a Berkeley Rep class via the Website, we will collect and maintain your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, the class selection(s), emergency contact name and phone number, medical information, date of birth, credit card number (or check or money order information if using such payment methods while ordering via mail), order tracking number, referring URL, IP address and a password. If you purchase a class for a person other than yourself (including a child) we will also keep their name, address, telephone number, class selection(s), emergency contact name and phone number, medical information, date of birth and relationship to you. Before confirming your order, you will have the opportunity to review the order form and make changes and additions to the information it contains and these changes will be automatically kept for future use. If you cancel an order or do not complete an order we may collect and use any email address or other information that you have entered as we would collect and use it if you had completed an order.
1.3 Information collected through technology
We collect information from visitors to the Website regarding the referring URL, your IP address, which browser you used to come to the Website, the country, state and telephone area code where your server is located and the pages of the Website that you viewed during your visit. Some of this information is gathered through the following technologies:
(a) Cookies and Other Technology. In order to improve your user experience we may use cookies. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Generally, cookies work by assigning to your computer a unique number that has no meaning outside of the Website. Our cookies do not generally contain any personally identifying information. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually configure your browser to prevent this. Not accepting cookies may make certain features of the Website unavailable to you.
We may participate in behavioral-based advertising. This means that a third party may place a cookie on your browser, or use a web beacon, to collect information about your use of our Website so that they can provide advertising about products and services tailored to your interest. That advertising may appear either on our Website, or on other websites. If you would like to opt-out from having the behavioral-based advertising companies with whom we have a relationship use your information for advertising purposes you can do so by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative or Digital Advertising Alliance.
We may also use services hosted by third parties, such as Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”), to assist in providing the Services. Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how users use the Services. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to, and stored by, Google on their servers. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Services, compiling reports on website activity for us and providing other services relating to website activity and Internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. By using the Services, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
(b) IP Address. You can visit many areas of the Website anonymously without the need to become a registered user. Even in such cases, we may collect IP addresses automatically. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you begin service with an Internet Service Provider. Each time you access the Website and each time you request one of our pages, our server logs your IP address. Standing alone, your IP address is not necessarily personally identifiable.
(c) Web Beacons. Berkeley Rep may use a variety of other technical methods for tracking purposes, including Web beacons. Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in web pages and emails. We may use these technical methods in HTML emails that we send our users to determine whether they have opened those emails and/or clicked on links in those emails. The information from use of these technical methods may be collected in a form that is personally identifiable.
(d) “Do Not Track” Signals. We do not respond to “do not track” signals in your web browser, and do not control whether third parties do so (including service providers acting on our behalf to serve you targeted advertising). Some third party websites do keep track of your browsing activities when they serve you content, which enables them to tailor what they present to you. If you are visiting such sites, certain website browsers allow you to set the “do not track” signal on your browser so that third parties (particularly advertisers) know you do not want to be tracked.
2. Use and disclosure of Personal Information
2.1 Use of Personal Information and Non Personal Information
We use Personal Information and Non Personal Information, as disclosed in this Privacy Policy, in order to fill your orders and process your donations and class requests, to communicate with you about your orders, donations and class enrollment, or other requests and to send you informational and promotional materials, including about upcoming Berkeley Rep productions, classes and events. In addition, we may use Personal Information and Non Personal Information to learn more about our community so we can improve our class offerings, our community outreach, our funding campaigns and our programming. Specific examples of how we may use your information that we collect are as follows:
(a) System Administration. We use your IP Address for the purposes of system administration, to assist in diagnosing problems with our server, to monitor our system performance and the level of activity on the Website in general and about specific portions of our Website and how the traffic on our Website is apportioned and from where it may come and to gather broad demographic information about our Website visitors, so we can make it easier and more convenient for you to navigate and use the Website, and make our Website more useful and better targeted for you and our community in general.
(b) Personalization. We use Cookies and IP Addresses to provide features such as personalization. We may also use cookies to assist us in delivering content specific to your interests, such as informing you of certain third party offerings.
(c) Notices to Recipients Regarding Orders or other Requests. If you have made a purchase or donation via the Website, we may use your Personal Information to send one or more emails regarding your order or donation, including regarding customer service issues. We may also telephone you regarding fulfillment of your order.
(d) Newsletters & Promotional Emails; Opt-Out Option. We may offer free electronic newsletters and promotional emails regarding upcoming productions, events and/or services offered on the Website. We may use your Personal Information to send you newsletters and emails periodically listing current productions or other information about our season, our services, our classes or other items available for purchase or enrollment on our Website or from our marketing partners or sponsors. However, you have the choice to opt out of receiving such newsletters and promotional emails for products and/or services offered on the Website by sending an email to us at unsubscribe@berkeleyrep.org and/or following the instructions at the bottom of our promotional email. Once we have processed your request, we will not send you promotional emails with respect to products and/or services offered by us through the Website unless you opt back in to receiving such communications directly.
(e) Contact Information. If you contact us by telephone, email or letter, we may keep a record of your contact information, correspondence or comments. If you report a problem with the Website, we may collect this information in a file specific to you. In addition, if you provide us feedback through the Website, by email or by calling us, we may ask for your name and email address in order to send you a reply. You may contact us at info@berkeleyrep.org to request the removal of this information from our database.
2.2 Disclosure of Personal Information
(a) General Rule. Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not sell, trade or rent your Personal Information collected on the Website to others. From time to time, we may trade mailing lists with other arts organizations for the purposes of conducting one-time mailings. We will, however, disclose your Personal Information to our third party service providers, including companies we retain as consultants to conduct research on our behalf. These third parties may not use your Personal Information other than to provide the services requested by us. For example, we will release your credit card number to confirm payment and release your name and mailing address information to the mail or delivery service to deliver and track tickets or products that you ordered. With respect to Non Personal Information, we also share website usage information we gather from visitors to the Website who have received a targeted promotional campaign with our third-party advertising service partners for the purpose of targeting future campaigns and upgrading visitor information used in reporting statistics. For this purpose, we and our third-party service partners may note some of the pages you visit on the Website through the use of web beacons. In addition, we may provide aggregated statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns and related Website information to third parties. We reserve the right to use or disclosure Non Personal Information in any manner.
(b) Enforcement of Law and/or Terms of Use. From time to time, we may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide Personal Information to the appropriate governmental authorities. We will disclose Personal Information upon receipt of a court order or subpoena or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation. We fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful. Moreover, we may release account information and Personal Information when we believe that such release is reasonably necessary to enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions of Use or to protect the rights, property and safety of our users, others and ourselves.
(c) Change in Control. We will transfer your Personal Information if Berkeley Rep is acquired by or merged with another organization. In such event, Berkeley Rep will use reasonable efforts to notify you (either by posting notice on the Website or by email to you at the last known email address) before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy, provided however, in the event Berkeley Rep fails to notify you, your Personal Information will still be transferred but subject to this Privacy Policy.
3. Opting out
We may from time to time send you email or other communications regarding current promotions, specials and new additions to the Website. If you have supplied us with your telephone number(s) you may receive telephone calls from us with information or requests for information regarding an order you have placed. You may “opt out,” or unsubscribe from our newsletters and non-transactional related emails and disclosures to third parties for promotional purposes by following the unsubscribe instructions in any email you receive from us or by sending an email to unsubscribe@berkeleyrep.org. Being removed from our email list does not mean that you will automatically be removed from our regular mailing list. If you would like to be removed from our mailing list completely, you will need to contact our office.
4. Safeguarding your Personal Information
4.1 Our security measures
In order to most efficiently serve you, credit card transactions and order fulfillment are handled by established third-party banking institutions, process agents and distribution institutions. They receive the information they need to verify and authorize your credit card transactions and to ship your order. When collecting credit card information for online purchases, we offer secured server transactions that encrypt your information in transit to prevent someone from intercepting it and misusing it. When you access your account information, the information is kept on a secure server. Furthermore, all of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access by physical security means. Although Berkeley Rep uses reasonable efforts to safeguard the security of your Personal Information, transmissions made on or through the Internet are vulnerable to attack and cannot be guaranteed to be secure. In addition, submissions made via email are not protected by SSL technology and are vulnerable to interception during transmission.
4.2 Protecting yourself
You are solely responsible for safeguarding and maintaining the secrecy of your User ID, passwords and/or any account information in your possession or control. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online. The Website contains links to third parties who may collect information directly from you. Each of the websites linked from the Website, have separate privacy policies and data collection practices, independent of Berkeley Rep, and Berkeley Rep has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions and is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites nor does Berkeley Rep make any warranties or representations about the contents, products or services offered on such websites or the security of any information you provide to them. You can learn more about Internet privacy from government websites such as www.ftc.gov/privacy. In addition, it is important to keep us updated with your most current contact information. You may ask us in writing via mail or email at info@berkeleyrep.org to have the information on your account deleted, updated or corrected; however, because we keep track of past purchases, you cannot delete information associated with past purchases. Note that we may retain changed or deleted information for archival or other purposes.
5. General
5.1 Changes to our policy
This Privacy Policy is effective with respect to any Personal Information collected on or after the effective date first set forth above. Berkeley Rep reserves the right to modify or supplement this Privacy Policy at anytime. If we make any changes, we will update the Website and Privacy Policy to include such change and notice thereof. Please review this Privacy Policy often to review any changes that may affect your use of the Website. Your continued use of the Website once the revised Privacy Policy has been posted on the Website affirms your agreement to such changes.
5.2 Children, parental consent policy
The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act imposes certain requirements on websites directed toward children under 13 that collect information on those children, or on websites that know they are collecting Personal Information from children under the age of 13. We will collect children’s Personal Information only in the event that they are being registered for a class by an adult. We want to let you know that it currently is our policy not to collect Personal Information from any person under 13 because children are not permitted to use the Website or our Services, and we request that children under the age of 13 not submit any Personal Information to us via the Website. As one measure to ensure that we do not gather Personal Information from children, we require that all individuals provide a valid credit card number before completing a purchase order. If we learn that we have inadvertently gathered Personal Information from children under 13, we will attempt to notify such child’s parent or guardian and erase such information from our records, unless the child’s parent or guardian consents to our maintaining such information.
5.3 Individual California Residents
California residents may choose to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes or choose to opt out of such disclosure. Our policy is not to disclose Personal Information collected online to a third party for directing marketing without your approval. To make a request or to opt out at any time, please contact us by sending an email to unsubscribe@berkeleyrep.org or using the other contact information provided below. It is important to note that this opt-out does not prohibit disclosures made for non-marketing purposes.
5.4 Users Outside the United States
The Website and the services upon which the Website is hosted are located in the United States and are intended only to be used by individuals in the United States. Personal Information you submit using the Services will be transferred to and stored in the United States. By visiting the Website and submitting Personal Information, you authorize this transfer.
5.5 Changes/Contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of our Website, your dealings with our Website or would like to request changes to your Personal Information that Berkeley Rep has collected, please contact us by sending a letter or email to:
Privacy Policy Inquiries
Berkeley Repertory Theatre
999 Harrison Street
Berkeley, CA 94710
info@berkeleyrep.org
Berkeley Repertory Theatre Company (“Berkeley Rep”) is committed to ensuring the privacy of our donors’ personal information. This policy applies to all information received by Berkeley Rep, both online and offline, including through our berkeleyrep.org website (the “Website”), any related sites, applications or online services offered by Berkeley Rep, as well as via any electronic, written or oral communications.
Open all · Close all
Donor Privacy Policy
When you make a financial donation to Berkeley Rep, online or offline, we collect and maintain certain information about you, including your name, contact information, payment information, including in many instances, your credit card data.
We will not sell, share or trade our donors’ names or personal information with any other entity, nor send mailings to our donors on behalf of other organizations.
We only use the contact information of our donors for the following purposes:
Distributing gift receipts;
Informing donors about upcoming events and activities;
Thanking and recognizing donors for their gifts;
Internal analysis and record keeping.
As noted in our Privacy Policy above, donations made via credit card transactions are handled by established third-party banking institutions, process agents and distribution institutions. They receive the information they need to verify and authorize your credit card transactions and only use such information for purposes necessary to process the donation.
You may “opt out,” or unsubscribe from our newsletters and non-transactional related emails and disclosures to third parties for promotional purposes by following the unsubscribe instructions in any email you receive from us or by sending an email to unsubscribe@berkeleyrep.org.
By using this site or by making a donation by mail, you signify your agreement to Berkeley Rep’s Privacy Policy.
Last updated on August 24, 2018.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of our Website, your dealings with our Website or would like to request changes to your Personal Information that Berkeley Rep has collected, please contact us by sending a letter or email to:
Privacy Policy Inquiries
Berkeley Repertory Theatre
999 Harrison Street
Berkeley, CA 94710
info@berkeleyrep.org
Peet’s Theatre
2025 Addison St, Berkeley CA 94704
Roda Theatre
2015 Addison St, Berkeley CA 94704
Box office
510 647–2949
customerservice@berkeleyrep.org
2025 Addison St, Berkeley CA 94704
Tuesday–Saturday, noon–4pm
Because our box office is at limited capacity, please be prepared for long hold times.
Administrative offices
510 647–2900
info@berkeleyrep.org
999 Harrison St, Berkeley CA 94710
School of Theatre
510 647–2972
school@berkeleyrep.org
2071 Addison St, Berkeley CA 94704
Please direct mail to 2025 Addison St.
Press
510 647–2917
press@berkeleyrep.org
2025 Addison St, Berkeley CA 94704
Visit our online press room.
Programs
Our programs are published by Encore Arts Programs.
Plan your visit
Getting here
Parking
Restaurants & lodging
The bar & concessions
Events & extras
Quick links
Buy tickets
Log in to your account
Your cart
Subscriber ticket exchange
Seating charts
Frequently asked questions
Join our email list
Berkeley Repertory Theatre is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization · Tax ID 94-1679756
Privacy policy · Site map · Webmaster