https://www.fords.org/terms-of-use/
Skip to Main Content
An update from Director Paul R. Tetreault on anti-racist work and the 2020-2021 season at Ford’s Theatre.
Read Statement
Close
Terms of Use
Breadcrumb
Home
Terms of Use
Please read the following terms and conditions carefully. They govern your use of this Web site. By using this Web site, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions, as they may be modified by Ford’s Theatre from time to time and posted on this Web site.
Links to This Web Site. This site is the property of Ford’s Theatre. Other sites may not link to this site without the express written permission of the Ford’s Theatre.
Links to Other Web Sites. Periodically, links may be established between this Web site and one or more Web sites operated or content provided by third parties. Ford’s Theatre has no control over any such other Web sites or the contents therein and will have no liability arising out of or related to such Web sites or their content. The existence of any such link does not constitute an endorsement by Ford’s Theatre of such Web sites, the contents of the Web sites or the operators of the Web sites.
Non-Confidentiality of Communications. If you send a message to this Web site, such as (but not limited to) an e-mail to the Webmaster, you hereby grant to Ford’s Theatre the right to read, use, distribute, disclose and otherwise handle the communications as Ford’s Theatre deems appropriate in its sole judgment. You are hereby advised that no facilities are provided by this Web site for sending or receiving confidential communications.
Ownership of Logos. Ford’s Theatre is the sole owner of all right, title and interest in its Logos, including all copyright and trademark rights therein. Use of these Logos requires the express prior permission of the Ford’s Theatre.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using the Ford’s Theatre Web site, you accept the terms and conditions stated herein. If you do not accept, please do not use our Web site.
Ford’s Theatre reserves the right to change the content and polices of Ford’s Theatre at any time. Any changes made in our privacy policy will be noted in our privacy policy statement. Please check the date located at the top of the privacy policy to find out when the most recent privacy policy changes occurred. After a change takes place, your continued use of www.fords.org means you accept those changes.
Thank you for reading our terms and conditions. We hope you enjoy visiting www.fords.org.
Close
Search
submit
Site Navigation
Performances
Expand Performances
+
Current & Upcoming
Virtual Play Reading Series
A Christmas Carol: The Radio Play
Discounts
Gift Certificates
Past Productions
Visit
Expand Visit
+
Historic Site
Virtual Tour
Virtual Events and Special Tours
One Destiny Play
Accessibility
Visitor Guidelines
Nearby Dining
Parking & Metro
Lincoln's Assassination
Expand Lincoln's Assassination
+
Lincoln's Death
Investigating the Assassination
Impact on a Nation
Ford’s Theatre History
For Teachers
Expand For Teachers
+
Programs
Digital Programs
Teaching Oratory
Teaching Lincoln's Assassination & Legacy
All Teaching Resources
Global Actions
Saved Items
0
Search
Cart
Utility Navigation
Get Tickets
View Cart
Saved for Later
Log In
Log Out
Secondary Navigation
Message from Director
Calendar
Group Sales
Join & Give
E-Newsletter
Log in
Log out
Footer Navigation
About
Contact
Blog
Store
Visit Us
Visit Us
Ford's Theatre
511 10th St. NW
Washington,
DC
20004
Google Maps Directions
Call Us
General
(202) 347-4833
Tickets
(888) 616-0270
Membership
(202) 434-9545
Group Sales
(202) 638-2367
Close
Save for Later
Close
Explore more things to save while you plan your visit.
Close Saved For Later
Use the toolbar at the top of the site to access your saved content any time.
Close