http://www.sparkoc.com/privacy-policy/
IMPORTANT! Due to the Coronavirus (COVID-19) health crisis events on our calendar may be canceled or postponed.
For a List of Rescheduled Events: click here. For a List of Venues and Organizations in Phased Reopening: click here.
search
Search by Keyword
HomePrivacy Policy
Share
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Print
Privacy Policy
SparkOC.com and Spark-e are programs of:
Arts Orange County
3730 S. Susan St., #100
Santa Ana, CA 92704
(714) 556-5160
support@sparkoc.com
info@artsoc.org
Arts Orange County is committed to protecting your privacy. When you use our site and/or place a ticket order with us, your personal information and credit card information are safe. Please read on for more details about our privacy policy.
Scope
This Privacy Policy covers Arts Orange County’s treatment of personally identifiable information that Arts Orange County collects when you are on the SparkOC.com web site (“Site”). Our site contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. If you choose to visit sites of other parties by clicking on the links we provide, this policy does not cover the treatment of personally identifiable information that may be collected by those web sites (“Third-Party Sites”).
What information do we collect?
When you order tickets, we need to know your name, address, email address, phone number, ticket type, event information, credit card number, and expiration date. This allows us to process your order and notify you of your order status.
Arts Orange County also collects information from your browser including browser type, browser version, browser settings, operating system, pages visited, your IP Address, and Cookies. Arts Orange County uses the above collected information for general purposes such as allowing you to add products and services to your shopping cart, tailoring the content within the Site to match your interests, and ensuring that the site continues to operate properly with commonly used operating systems and browsers. We also use your Internet Protocol (IP) address to help diagnose problems with our computer server and to administer our web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and gather broad demographic data. Your IP address contains no personal information about you.
Your contact information is also given to the ticketing arts organization, so that they can fulfill your ticketing request in their box office and can contact you if there is a problem with your order.
Arts Orange County also uses this information to send you information, offers and other promotional materials from Arts Orange County. You may opt out of receiving information directly from Arts Orange County by following instructions to un-subscribe displayed on all emails you receive from Arts Orange County or it’s Spark-e! newsletter, or by using the contact information above.
How is customer information protected?
The SparkOC.com Site has security measures in place to protect the information under our control. We use secure socket layer (SSL) technology to protect the security of commerce transactions. We encrypt your personal and financial information as it travels over the Internet.
Your financial information is used for the sole purpose processing or refunding the transactions which take place on the SparkOC.com system. By making a purchase, or engaging in any other kind of activity that uses financial information, you consent to our providing your financial information to third parties including the credit card companies and banking institutions used to process the transaction. We may also share your financial information with applicable Contracted Clients (venues/promoters/organizations that contract directly with Arts Orange County for ticketing services), primarily for facilitating “will call” ticket pick up, dispute resolution, refunds, and customer service at the event venue on the date of the event.
Children under the age of 13 are prohibited from submitting personal information to Arts Orange County. Federal Law prohibits web sites from collecting and/or distributing personal information from children without parental consent. At this time, Arts Orange County has no effective means to obtain and track parental consent. Therefore, Arts Orange County must prohibit the submission of personal information from children under the age of 13.
Will my information be sold?
The act of purchasing a ticket on SparkOC.com, automatically grants Arts Orange County the right to share your personal information with our Contracted Clients (venues/promoters/organizations that contract directly with Arts Orange County for ticketing services) in association with the event you are purchasing a ticket(s) for and with its non-profit organization members. The opportunity to opt-out, or not to consent to our sharing of your personal information with them is not available at this time. Contracted Clients may use your personal information in accordance with their own privacy policies, and may consequently use your personal information to contact you and may share your personal information with others. You will need to contact those Contracted Clients to instruct them directly regarding your preferences for the use of your personal information by them. You may contact Arts Orange County to request the Contracted Client’s contact information.
Arts Orange County does not share, sell or rent any of your information with parties other than Contracted Clients and its non-profit organization members at this time. If Arts Orange County changes this policy in the future changes will be posted in the area of the web site on the date they become effective and any information used or collected after that date will be subject to the policy in effect at that time. We recommend that you review this policy each time you purchase a ticket to ensure your knowledge of the current policy.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are downloaded to your computer. Cookies cannot damage your computer. Cookies, by themselves, cannot be used to identify you. Unless you’ve chosen to submit personal information to Arts Orange County though registration or the purchase of products and/or services, Arts Orange County cannot identify you. Cookies are used by Arts Orange County to allow the smooth operation of the Site and to track your activity so that we may tailor the content of the Site to match your interests.
Cancellation
If an event is cancelled, ticket buyers should contact the venue where the event was to be held to receive information about how your ticket will be refunded. All service fees, convenience fees, credit card fees, and fulfillment fees are NOT REFUNDABLE in the event of a cancellation. Other than the event being cancelled, ALL SALES ARE FINAL, NO REFUNDS, NO EXCHANGES.
Have questions or comments?
Feel free to contact us any time and one of the website staff members will get back to you immediately.
Terms of Service
Acceptance of Terms
The SparkOC.com website (the “Service”) contains material that is protected by international copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws. Unless otherwise specified, the Service is intended for your personal, noncommercial use only. You may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit or distribute in any way any material, including code and software, from the Service. You may download material from the Service and may use the Service for your personal, non-commercial use only, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. By using the Service in any way you are agreeing to comply with these terms, which we may update without notice and encourage you to review at any time.
As part of our Service, Arts Orange County agrees to provide you with information and other computer services subject to these Terms of Service. You agree to use the Service in accordance with these Terms of Service. Accessing our Service, in any manner, for the purpose of obtaining information, technical or otherwise, about the Service constitutes use of the Service such that the party accessing the Service is bound by these Terms of Service. Because the Web is an evolving medium, we may need to change these Terms of Service or impose new conditions on use of the Service, from time to time, in which case we will post the revised Terms of Service on this website. By continuing to use the Service after we post any such changes, you accept the Terms of Service, as modified.
You may establish a hypertext link to this Service so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship of your site by Arts Orange County/SparkOC.com. However, you may not, without the prior written permission of Arts Orange County, frame any of the content of the Service, or incorporate into another website or other service any intellectual property of Arts Orange County, its parent or affiliate companies or its licensors.
License to Arts Orange County/SparkOC.com
By posting messages, uploading files, or otherwise providing any material for display on the Service, you are representing that you are the owner of the material, or are making your submission with the express consent of the owner of the material. In addition, when you post a message, upload a file, or otherwise provide us with material for display on the Service, you are granting Arts Orange County a royalty-free, perpetual, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to:
1. Use, copy, sublicense, adapt, transmit, publicly perform or display any such communication.
2. Sublicense to third parties the unrestricted right to exercise any of the foregoing rights granted with respect to the communication.
The foregoing grants shall include the right to exploit any proprietary rights in such communication, including but not limited to rights under copyright, trademark, service mark or patent laws under any relevant jurisdiction.
Disclaimers
This Service includes links and pointers to Internet sites, content and services provided by third parties. SparkOC.com’s linking to any third party sites does not imply an endorsement or sponsorship of such sites, or the information, products or services offered on or through the sites. In addition, neither Arts Orange County, its parent organization nor their affiliates operate or control in any respect any information, products or services that third parties may provide on or through the Service or on websites linked to by SparkOC.com. The materials, information, products and services offered on or through the Service and any third-party sites are provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind either express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Arts Orange County disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Arts Orange County does not warrant that the Service or any of its functions will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that any part of this Service, including bulletin boards, or the servers that make it available, are free of viruses or other harmful components.
Arts Orange County does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the Service or materials in this Service or in third-party sites in terms of their correctness, accuracy, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. You (and not Arts Orange County) assume the entire cost of all necessary maintenance, repair or correction.
Online Commerce
In addition, Arts Orange County may allow you to purchase many different types of products and services online that are provided by third parties. Arts Orange County is not responsible for the quality, accuracy, timeliness, reliability or any other aspect of these products and services. If you make a purchase from a merchant on SparkOC.com or on a site linked to by SparkOC.com, the information obtained during your visit to that merchant’s online store or site, and the information that you give as part of the transaction, such as your credit card number and contact information, is collected by the merchant. A merchant may have separate privacy and data collection practices. Arts Orange County has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies. For more information regarding a merchant, its online store, and its privacy policies, return to that merchant’s home page and click on its information links or contact the merchant website directly. You release Arts Orange County and its affiliates from any damages that you incur, and agree not to assert any claims against them, arising from your purchase or use of any products or services made available by third parties through SparkOC.com.
When you purchase products or services on or through SparkOC.com, you may be subject to additional terms and conditions that specifically apply to your purchase or use of such products or services. If you have any questions about these additional terms and conditions, you should contact the merchant of such products or services directly.
You agree to be financially responsible for all purchases made by you or someone acting on your behalf through the Service. You agree to use the Service and to purchase services or products through the Service for legitimate, non-commercial purposes only. You also agree not to make any purchases for speculative, false or fraudulent purposes or for the purpose of anticipating demand for a particular product or service. You agree to only purchase goods or services for yourself or for another person for whom you are legally permitted to do so.
Use of Company Directories
The information contained in any company directories that may be provided on the Service is provided for business lookup purposes and is not to be used for marketing or telemarketing applications. This information may not be copied or redistributed and is provided “AS IS” without warranty of any kind. In no event will Arts Orange County or its suppliers be liable in any way with regard to such information.
Interactive Features
This Service may include a variety of features, such as bulletin boards, chat rooms, and email services, that allow feedback to SparkOC.com and real-time interaction between users and other features, such as personalized homes pages and e-mail services, that allow users to communicate with others. Responsibility for what is posted on bulletin boards, chat rooms and other public posting areas on the Service lies with each user – you alone are responsible for the material you post. Arts Orange County/SparkOC.com does not control the messages, information or files that others may provide through the Service. It is a condition of your use of the Service that you do not:
Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Service.
Use the Service to post or transmit any unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane or indecent information of any kind, including without limitation any transmissions constituting or encouraging conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any local, state, national or international law.
Use the Service to post or transmit any information, software or other material that violates or infringes upon the rights of others, including material that is an invasion of privacy or publicity rights or that is protected by copyright, trademark or other proprietary right, or derivative works with respect thereto, without first obtaining permission from the owner or right holder.
Use the Service to post or transmit any information, software or other material that contains a virus or other harmful component.
Use the Service to post, transmit or in any way exploit any information, software or other material for commercial purposes, or that contains advertising.
Use the Service to advertise or solicit to anyone to buy or sell products or services, or to make donations of any kind, without the express written approval of Arts Orange County.
Gather for the purpose of spamming e-mail addresses that have been posted by other users of the Service.
You understand that Arts Orange County has no obligation to monitor any bulletin boards, chat rooms, or other areas of the Service through which users can supply information or material. However, Arts Orange County reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, or to refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, that in Arts Orange County’s sole discretion are objectionable or in violation of these Terms of Service.
Registration
To use certain features of the Service, you must register with SparkOC.com on the form provided. You agree (a) to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Service’s registration form, and (b) to maintain and promptly update the information you provide to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If Arts Orange County has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, we have the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Service (or any portion thereof). Our use of any personally identifying information you provide to us as part of the registration process is governed by the terms of our Privacy Policy.
Passwords
To use certain features of the Service, you will need a username and password. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account, and are responsible for all activities (whether by you or by others) that occur under your password or account. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. Arts Orange County cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to protect your password or account information.
Classified Advertising
When you submit a classified ad (job, audition, volunteer, for sale, or other posting) for publication on SparkOC.com, you agree that the advertisement as it appears on SparkOC.com becomes the property of Arts Orange County/SparkOC.com and you assign all ownership interest in the advertisement as it appears on the Service under copyright law or otherwise to Arts Orange County. Submission of an advertisement does not constitute a commitment to publish the advertisement, and publication of an advertisement does not constitute an agreement for continued publication. We will accept only standard abbreviations and required proper punctuation. Arts Orange County reserves the right to edit, reclassify, revise, reject or cancel any advertisement at any time, in its sole discretion. Rates and specifications are subject to change.
Limitation of Liability
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall SparkOC.com, its parent organization or affiliates be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, SparkOC.com materials, products, or services, or third party materials, products, or services made available through the Service, or any part of the Service, even if Arts Orange County is advised beforehand of the possibility of such damages. (Because some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of certain categories of damages, the above limitation many not apply to you. In such states, the liability of SparkOC.com, its parent organization or affiliates is limited to the fullest extent permitted by such state law.) You specifically acknowledge and agree that Arts Orange County is not liable for any defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of any user. If you are dissatisfied with any SparkOC.com materials, products, or services, or with any of Arts Orange County’s terms and conditions, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Service.
Termination
Arts Orange County may cancel or terminate your right to use the Service or any part of the Service at any time without notice. In the event of termination, you are no longer authorized to access the part of the Service affected by such cancellation or termination. The restrictions imposed on you with respect to material downloaded from the Service, and the disclaimers and limitations of liabilities set forth in these Terms of Service, shall survive.
Other
This agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Arts Orange County and you with respect to the subject matter contained in this agreement and supersedes all previous and contemporaneous agreements, proposals and communications, written or oral. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use the products or services of a third party that are provided through the Service. In the event of any conflict between any such third party terms and conditions and these Terms of Service, these Terms of Service shall govern. This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without giving effect to any principles or conflicts of law. If any provision of this agreement shall be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
OUR PARTNERS & SPONSORS
DIRECTORIES
Organizations
Venues
Artist Profiles
Public Art
Businesses
ARTS EDUCATION
Arts Ed Programs
Arts Ed Organizations
Arts Ed Alliances
OPPORTUNITIES
Auditions
Call for Artists
Jobs
Grants
All Opportunities
Things To Do in Orange Co.
SUBMIT A LISTING
Event Listing
Organization
Artist Profile
ABOUT US
Contact Us
Overview
Advertising
Donate
Partners
Membership
© 2020 - Arts Orange County. All Rights Reserved.
Contact Us | Privacy Policy/Terms of Service
Artsopolis Network Members: Akron OH | Austin TX | Bainbridge Island WA | Birmingham AL | Boston MA | Cape Cod MA | Cincinnati OH | Cleveland OH | Colorado Springs CO | Columbia SC | DuPage County IL | Durham NC | Essex County MA | Flagstaff AZ | Flint MI | Fort Lauderdale FL | Indianapolis IN | Kalamazoo MI | Kansas City MO | KeepMovingOKC | Macon GA | Main Line Area PA | Marin County CA | Marquette County MI | Mendocino County CA | Middlesex County NJ | Milwaukee WI | Montgomery County MD | Napa Valley CA | Nashville TN | Niagara County NY | Oklahoma City OK | Orange County CA | Orlando FL | Ottawa IL | Panama City FL | Pittsburgh PA | Providence RI | Quito, Ecuador | Richardson TX | Sacramento CA | San Antonio TX | St. Cloud MN | St. Croix Valley MN/WI | St. Johns County FL | Stillwater MN | Tallahassee FL | Tampa Bay FL | Utah | Ventura CA | York County PA