https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au/health/conditionsandtreatments/menstrual-cycle
Site Navigation
Page Content
Menu
Caret
Health.vic
Victoria's hub for health services and business
DHHS
A gateway to the strategies, policies, programs and services delivered by the Department of Health & Human Services.
Seniors Online
Victorian government portal for older people, with information about government and community services and programs.
Show search toolbar
Contrast
Sign Up
Login
Search
Type a minimum of three characters then press UP or DOWN on the keyboard to navigate the autocompleted search results
Navigation
Home
Close Menu
Conditions and treatments
Conditions and treatments
Allergies
Allergies
Allergic reaction to packaged food
Anxiety
Arthritis
Asthma
Behavioural conditions
Birth defects
Blood and blood vessels
Bones muscles and joints
Bones muscles and joints
Foot care - podiatrists
Brain and nerves
Cancer
Complementary and alternative care
Dementia
Healthy living
Healthy living
Alcohol
Babies and toddlers (0-3)
Child health (0-6)
Children (4-12)
Drugs and addictive behaviours
Environmental health
Family Violence
Older people in hospital – Get well soon
Health checks
Healthy Eating
Healthy Eating
Nutrition for life
Mens nutrition for life
Healthy mind
Healthy pregnancy
Services and support
Services and support
Aged care services
Alcohol and drug services
LGBTI support
Carers, caring and respite care services
Child, family and relationship services
Disability services
Emergency, crisis and support services
End of life and palliative care services
genetic services and support
Hospitals, surgery and procedures
Mental health services
Planning and coordinating healthcare
A-Z
A-Z
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
Videos
Service profiles
Blog
Blog
Blog authors
Topics
Podcast
Podcast
Influenza - Dr Brett Sutton & Prof Kanta Subbarao
Trauma - Anne Leadbeater OAM & Dr Rob Gordon
template
Other sites
Health.vic
DHHS
Seniors Online
Sitemap
My Health Life
Facebook
Googleplus
Twitter
Youtube
Rss
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
A-Z
Blog
Podcast
Back to
Reproductive system - female
Home
Conditions and treatments
Reproductive system - female
Menstrual cycle
Menstrual cycle
Share (show more)
Download PDF
Listen (show more)
Listen
More (show more)
Email
Print
Tags:
Reproductive system - female
Reproductive system - female - Menstruation and ovulation
Summary
The menstrual cycle is complex and controlled by many different glands and the hormones that these glands produce.
The four phases of the menstrual cycle are menstruation, the follicular phase, ovulation and the luteal phase.
Common menstrual problems include heavy or painful periods and premenstrual syndrome (PMS).
Knowing when in the menstrual cycle a woman is most likely to conceive can increase the chance of pregnancy.
The average length of the menstrual cycle is 28–29 days, but this can vary between women and from one cycle to the next. The length of your menstrual cycle is calculated from the first day of your period to the day before your next period starts.
Girls get their first period (menarche), on average, between the ages of 11 and 14 years. By this stage, other sexual characteristics have developed, such as pubic hair and budding breasts.
Hormones and the menstrual cycle
The menstrual cycle is complex and is controlled by many different glands and the hormones that these glands produce. A brain structure called the hypothalamus causes the nearby pituitary gland to produce certain chemicals, which prompt the ovaries to produce the sex hormones oestrogen and progesterone.
The menstrual cycle is a biofeedback system, which means each structure and gland is affected by the activity of the others.
Phases of the menstrual cycle
The four main phases of the menstrual cycle are:
menstruation
the follicular phase
ovulation
the luteal phase.
Menstruation
Menstruation is the elimination of the thickened lining of the uterus (endometrium) from the body through the vagina. Menstrual fluid contains blood, cells from the lining of the uterus (endometrial cells) and mucus. The average length of a period is between three days and one week.
Sanitary pads or tampons are used to absorb the menstrual flow. Both pads and tampons need to be changed regularly (at least every four hours). Using tampons has been associated with an increased risk of a rare illness called toxic shock syndrome (TSS).
Follicular phase
The follicular phase starts on the first day of menstruation and ends with ovulation. Prompted by the hypothalamus, the pituitary gland releases follicle stimulating hormone (FSH). This hormone stimulates the ovary to produce around five to 20 follicles (tiny nodules or cysts), which bead on the surface.
Each follicle houses an immature egg. Usually, only one follicle will mature into an egg, while the others die. This can occur around day 10 of a 28-day cycle. The growth of the follicles stimulates the lining of the uterus to thicken in preparation for possible pregnancy.
Ovulation
Ovulation is the release of a mature egg from the surface of the ovary. This usually occurs mid-cycle, around two weeks or so before menstruation starts.
During the follicular phase, the developing follicle causes a rise in the level of oestrogen. The hypothalamus in the brain recognises these rising levels and releases a chemical called gonadotrophin-releasing hormone (GnRH). This hormone prompts the pituitary gland to produce raised levels of luteinising hormone (LH) and FSH.
Within two days, ovulation is triggered by the high levels of LH. The egg is funnelled into the fallopian tube and toward the uterus by waves of small, hair-like projections. The life span of the typical egg is only around 24 hours. Unless it meets a sperm during this time, it will die.
When you want to have a baby you can improve your chance of getting pregnant if you know about ovulation and the ‘fertile window’ in the menstrual cycle. Read more on ovulation and fertility window.
Luteal phase
During ovulation, the egg bursts from its follicle, but the ruptured follicle stays on the surface of the ovary. For the next two weeks or so, the follicle transforms into a structure known as the corpus luteum. This structure starts releasing progesterone, along with small amounts of oestrogen. This combination of hormones maintains the thickened lining of the uterus, waiting for a fertilised egg to stick (implant).
If a fertilised egg implants in the lining of the uterus, it produces the hormones that are necessary to maintain the corpus luteum. This includes human chorionic gonadotrophin (HCG), the hormone that is detected in a urine test for pregnancy. The corpus luteum keeps producing the raised levels of progesterone that are needed to maintain the thickened lining of the uterus.
If pregnancy does not occur, the corpus luteum withers and dies, usually around day 22 in a 28-day cycle. The drop in progesterone levels causes the lining of the uterus to fall away. This is known as menstruation. The cycle then repeats.
Common menstrual problems
Some of the more common menstrual problems include:
premenstrual syndrome (PMS) – hormonal events before a period can trigger a range of side effects in women at risk, including fluid retention, headaches, fatigue and irritability. Treatment options include exercise and dietary changes
dysmenorrhoea – or painful periods. It is thought that the uterus is prompted by certain hormones to squeeze harder than necessary to dislodge its lining. Treatment options include pain-relieving medication and the oral contraceptive pill
heavy menstrual bleeding (previously known as menorrhagia) – if left untreated, this can cause anaemia. Treatment options include oral contraceptives and a hormonal intrauterine device (IUD) to regulate the flow
amenorrhoea – or absence of menstrual periods. This is considered abnormal, except during pre-puberty, pregnancy, lactation and postmenopause. Possible causes include low or high body weight and excessive exercise.
Where to get help
Your GP (doctor)
Gynaecologist
Family Planning Victoria Tel. (03) 9257 0100 or freecall 1800 013 952
References
Understanding your menstrual cycle, Women's Health Queensland.
Send us your feedback
Rate this website
Your comments
Questions
Your details
1/4 How would you rate this website?
Excellent
Good
Average
Fair
Poor
Next Submit Now Cancel
Send us your feedback
Rate this website
Your comments
Questions
Your details
Please note that we cannot answer personal medical queries.
If you are looking for health or medical advice we recommend that you:
talk to your doctor or pharmacist
dial triple zero (000) in an emergency
ring NURSE-ON-CALL Tel. 1300 60 60 24.
2/4 Your Comments
Tell us who you are
Select an option
Health consumer
Health professional
Others
Enter your comments below (optional)
Next Submit Now Cancel
Send us your feedback
Rate this website
Your comments
Questions
Your details
3/4 Questions
What are you here to do?
Looking for information on
Improving general health and wellbeing
Better relationships
A specific health condition and its treatment
Children’s health
Food, nutrition and healthy recipes
Medication
Exercise or fitness
Others
Did you find what you were looking for?
Yes
No
Next Submit Now Cancel
Send us your feedback
Rate this website
Your comments
Questions
Your details
4/4 Your details
Postcode
Email Address
Submit Now
Cancel
Send us your feedback
Thank you. Your feedback has been successfully sent.
More information
Reproductive system - female
The following content is displayed as Tabs. Once you have activated a link navigate to the end of the list to view its associated content. The activated link is defined as Active Tab
Female reproductive system explained
Menstruation and ovulation
Menopause
Fertility, pregnancy and childbirth
Breast
Fallopian tubes and ovaries
Uterus and cervix
Pelvis, vagina and vulva
Reproductive and contraception
Female reproductive system explained
Androgen deficiency in women
Androgen deficiency in women and its treatment is controversial, and more research is needed...
DES daughters
If your mother took DES while she was pregnant with you, then you are a DES daughter or DES son...
Health checks for women
A woman at high risk of a particular disease should be checked more frequently and/or at an earlier age...
Pelvic floor
Pelvic floor exercises are designed to improve muscle tone and prevent the need for corrective surgery...
Pregnancy stages and changes
It’s helpful to have an idea of how your body may react to the different stages of pregnancy. It also helps to know how pregnancy may affect your emotions and feelings...
Puberty
Adjusting to the many changes that happen around puberty can be difficult for both parents and young people...
Reproductive system
New life begins when a male sex cell (sperm) fertilises a female egg (ovum) within the female reproductive system...
Sexually transmissible infections (STIs)
It is not difficult to avoid catching sexually transmitted infections (STIs)...
Transvaginal mesh
Transvaginal mesh has been used for more than 20 years to manage problems for women such as prolapse and incontinence. While this treatment is successful for many women, some unfortunately have...
Menstruation and ovulation
Menstrual cycle
The menstrual cycle is complex and is controlled by many different glands and the hormones that these glands produce...
Menstruation - abnormal bleeding
Heavy or abnormal periods may be an indication of other health problems...
Menstruation – amenorrhoea
Some women are more at risk of amenorrhoea (the absence of periods) because of emotional stress or changes in weight...
Menstruation - athletic amenorrhoea
Women who are athletes or who exercise a lot on a regular basis are at risk of developing athletic amenorrhoea, which is the absence of periods...
Menstruation - pain (dysmenorrhoea)
Women of any age can experience painful periods and some women find periods are no longer painful after pregnancy and childbirth...
Ovulation
The female body shows several signs of ovulation and you may experience some or all of these signs...
Premenstrual syndrome (PMS)
Most menstruating women have some form of premenstrual syndrome (PMS)...
Toxic shock syndrome (TSS)
If you think you could have toxic shock syndrome, stop using tampons immediately and go to the emergency department of your nearest hospital...
Menopause
Hormone replacement therapy (HRT) and menopause
Hormone replacement therapy (HRT) can reduce menopausal symptoms, but the benefits and risks need to be considered carefully...
Menopause
Menopause is a natural occurrence and marks the end of a woman's reproductive years...
Menopause and complementary therapies
The use of complementary therapies to manage menopausal symptoms is popular, but the sources of information available to consumers are of variable quality and reliability...
Menopause and osteoporosis
Regular weight-bearing exercise and maintaining a diet rich in calcium from childhood will help reduce bone loss at menopause...
Menopause and sexual issues
Menopause, the final menstrual period, is a natural event that marks the end of a woman's reproductive years...
Menopause and weight gain
Weight gain at menopause can be managed using healthy eating and exercise; HRT may also be beneficial...
Premature and early menopause
The symptoms of premature or early menopause are the same as for menopause at any age...
Fertility, pregnancy and childbirth
Abortion information translated into community languages
In Victoria, you can have two types of abortion: surgical and medication. Both types are safe and reliable. You can have a medication abortion up to nine weeks of pregnancy. You can have a surgical...
About pregnancy and birth services in Victoria (video)
Victoria’s pregnancy, birth and maternal services, help from planning a pregnancy through to giving birth and caring for a newborn...
Age and fertility
Age affects the fertility of both men and women, and is the single biggest factor affecting a woman?s chance to conceive and have a healthy baby...
Assisted reproductive technology – IVF and ICSI
IVF (in-vitro-fertilization) and ICSI (intracytoplasmic sperm injection) are assisted reproductive treatment (ART) procedures in which fertilisation of an egg occurs outside the body...
Contraception after an abortion
Whether you have a surgical or medical abortion you can become fertile again very soon after the abortion, so it's important to start using contraception immediately if you wish to prevent any...
Contraception - choices
The method of contraception you choose will depend on your general health, lifestyle and relationships...
Contraception information translated into community languages
This page shows you where to
find translated information about the different methods of contraception (how to prevent getting pregnant) available in Australia...
Ectopic pregnancy
Ectopic pregnancy is caused by a fertilised egg not being able to move through the fallopian tube...
Endometriosis - know the facts (video)
Learn some facts about endometriosis. We debunk some myths and explore symptoms, diagnosis and treatment options for women...
Infertility in women
The odds of a young fertile couple conceiving by having sexual intercourse around the time of ovulation are approximately one in five every month...
Miscarriage
A range of feelings is normal after a miscarriage, and they often linger for some time...
Molar pregnancy
Most molar pregnancies are diagnosed when bleeding early in pregnancy prompts an ultrasound scan...
Placental abruption
Placental abruption means the placenta has detached from the wall of the uterus, starving the baby of oxygen and nutrients...
Placenta previa
Placenta previa means the placenta has implanted at the bottom of the uterus, over the cervix or close by...
Pregnancy - obstetric emergencies
An obstetric emergency may arise when a woman is pregnant, or during her delivery.In this case, extra care is needed. A woman may need a lot of tests and treatments, and extended hospital stays. She...
Pregnancy - pre-eclampsia
There is no evidence that pre-eclampsia is caused by emotional stress, working too hard or not getting enough rest...
Pregnancy stages and changes
It’s helpful to have an idea of how your body may react to the different stages of pregnancy. It also helps to know how pregnancy may affect your emotions and feelings...
Pregnancy testing
Sometimes, a home pregnancy test may be positive when a woman isn’t pregnant...
Twins - identical and fraternal
Multiple births are more common due to the advancing average age of mothers and the rise in assisted reproductive techniques...
Weight, fertility and pregnancy health
Compared with women in the healthy weight range, women who are carrying extra weight are less likely to conceive...
Breast
Breast augmentation surgery (breast implants)
Breast implants are inserted under the skin to create larger breasts...
Breast awareness
Women should become familiar with the normal look, feel and shape of their breasts, so they will notice any abnormal changes...
Breast cancer
Breast cancer is the most common cancer in Australian women...
Breast cancer and oestrogen
There are different types of breast cancer, and around 70 per cent are sensitive to the female sex hormone oestrogen...
Breast conditions other than breast cancer
The vast majority of breast changes are not breast cancer, but you should always see your doctor if you notice changes in your breasts...
Breastfeeding
Breastfeeding positioning and attachment come naturally to some babies and mothers, but many need time and practice to get it right...
Breast implants and mammograms
Most women who have breast implants will be able to have regular screening mammograms...
Breast reduction for women
Breast reduction surgery removes excess breast fat, glandular tissue and skin to achieve a breast size in proportion with your body...
Fallopian tubes and ovaries
Ectopic pregnancy
Ectopic pregnancy is caused by a fertilised egg not being able to move through the fallopian tube...
Endometriosis - know the facts (video)
Learn some facts about endometriosis. We debunk some myths and explore symptoms, diagnosis and treatment options for women...
Fallopian tube cancer
Fallopian tube cancer is one of the rarest gynaecological cancers...
Ovarian cancer
Many women with early stage ovarian cancer may not have any symptoms...
Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS)
Polycystic ovarian syndrome is a hormonal condition associated with irregular menstrual cycles, excess hair growth, acne, reduced fertility, and increased risk of diabetes and mood changes...
Pregnancy - obstetric emergencies
An obstetric emergency may arise when a woman is pregnant, or during her delivery.In this case, extra care is needed. A woman may need a lot of tests and treatments, and extended hospital stays. She...
Pregnancy stages and changes
It’s helpful to have an idea of how your body may react to the different stages of pregnancy. It also helps to know how pregnancy may affect your emotions and feelings...
Salpingitis
Salpingitis is one of the most common causes of female infertility and may permanently damage the fallopian tubes...
Uterus and cervix
Cervical cancer
All women aged between 25 and 74 are advised to have Cervical Screening Tests every 5 years, new tests help identify HPV or cervical cancer...
Cervical screening tests
The cervical screening test protects up to 30 per cent more women than the Pap test...
Contraception - vaginal ring
The vaginal ring works in a similar way to the oral contraceptive pill to prevent pregnancy...
Endometriosis
Endometriosis is a painful condition that may be treated with medications or surgery...
Endometriosis - know the facts (video)
Learn some facts about endometriosis. We debunk some myths and explore symptoms, diagnosis and treatment options for women...
Fibroids
Often, fibroids do not cause any problems, but they are occasionally associated with infertility, miscarriage and premature labour...
Prolapsed uterus
The pelvic floor and associated supporting ligaments can be weakened or damaged in many ways, causing uterine prolapse...
Retroverted uterus
Painful sex may be caused by a retroverted uterus...
Uterine cancer
Uterine cancer is one of the most common gynaecological cancers...
Uterine inversion
Uterine inversion means the placenta fails to detach from the uterine wall, and pulls the uterus inside-out as it exits...
Pelvis, vagina and vulva
Bacterial vaginosis
Bacterial vaginosis (BV) is caused by an imbalance of the bacteria normally present in the vagina...
Bladder prolapse
Bladder prolapse is when the bladder bulges into the vagina...
Cosmetic genital surgery - labiaplasty and phalloplasty
Cosmetic genital surgery involves reshaping the labia, vulva or penis to alter their size or shape...
Cysts
Cysts may be as small as a blister or large enough to hold litres of fluid...
Female genital cutting or circumcision (FGC)
Female genital cutting or circumcision (FGC) involves the cutting or altering of the external female genital organs...
Labial adhesions
Labial adhesions are more common during the nappy years, but poor hygiene may be a cause in older girls...
Pelvic inflammatory disease (PID)
Pelvic inflammatory disease (PID) occurs when an infection spreads from the vagina to the cervix and fallopian tubes...
Rectocele
A rectocele is when the rectum protrudes into the vagina...
Vaginal bleeding - irregular
If you suffer from ongoing vaginal bleeding problems, see your doctor...
Vaginal cancer
Some vaginal cancers have no symptoms in their early stages, and only cause symptoms once they have invaded other parts of the body...
Reproductive and contraception
Assisted reproductive technology – IVF and ICSI
IVF (in-vitro-fertilization) and ICSI (intracytoplasmic sperm injection) are assisted reproductive treatment (ART) procedures in which fertilisation of an egg occurs outside the body...
Caesarean section
A caesarean section is usually performed when it is safer for the mother or the baby than a vaginal birth...
Contraception - tubal ligation
Sterilisation is a permanent method of contraception that a woman can choose if she is sure that she does not want children in the future...
Dilatation and curettage (D&C)
A dilatation and curettage (D&C) is an operation performed on women to lightly scrape away the womb lining...
Endometriosis - know the facts (video)
Learn some facts about endometriosis. We debunk some myths and explore symptoms, diagnosis and treatment options for women...
Hysterectomy
The conditions that prompt a hysterectomy can often be treated by other means, and hysterectomy should only be a last resort...
Related Information
Reproductive system - female
Puberty, menstruation, menopause, infertility, breasts, fallopian tubes, ovaries, uterus, vagina, vulva and thrush...
Young people (13-19)
Health, development, puberty, identity, risk taking, school, sex and sexuality and health conditions...
Menstruation – amenorrhoea
Some women are more at risk of amenorrhoea (the absence of periods) because of emotional stress or changes in weight...
Menstruation - pain (dysmenorrhoea)
Women of any age can experience painful periods and some women find periods are no longer painful after pregnancy and childbirth...
Ovulation pain
Ovulation pain is usually harmless, but can sometimes indicate various medical conditions such as endometriosis...
Home
Content Partner
This page has been produced in consultation with and approved by:
Jean Hailes for Women's Health
Last updated:
August 2018
Content on this website is provided for information purposes only. Information about a therapy, service, product or treatment does not in any way endorse or support such therapy, service, product or treatment and is not intended to replace advice from your doctor or other registered health professional. The information and materials contained on this website are not intended to constitute a comprehensive guide concerning all aspects of the therapy, product or treatment described on the website. All users are urged to always seek advice from a registered health care professional for diagnosis and answers to their medical questions and to ascertain whether the particular therapy, service, product or treatment described on the website is suitable in their circumstances. The State of Victoria and the Department of Health & Human Services shall not bear any liability for reliance by any user on the materials contained on this website.
My Health Life helps you manage your health
With tools, information and recommendations tailored to you, it’s your personal and secure health dashboard.
Learn more
Medical Dictionary
Enter a search term
Search
Search for your topic using the Merriam Webster medical dictionary
Service Search
Service Search
Find services near you
Service:
Select a service
Aboriginal Health Clinic
Aboriginal Health Worker
Acupuncture
Adolescent Mental Health Services
Adult Mental Health Services
Adult-community education
Aged care assessment
Aged Care information-referral
Aged Care Transport
Aged Residential Care
Air ambulance
Alexander technique therapy
Anaesthesiology - Pain Medicine
Aromatherapy
Audiology
Bereavement counselling
Biorhythm services
Blood donation
Bowen therapy
Cancer Support Groups
Cardiology
Cardiothoracic surgery
Carer support
Case management for older persons
Cemeteries & Fees
Child protection-child abuse report
Childrens play programs
Chinese herbal medicine
Chiropractic
Chronic Disease Management
Clinical Genetics
Clinical Pharmacology
Community bus
Community Cancer Services
Community Hours
Cranio-Sacral Therapy
Crisis counselling
Crisis-emergency accommodation
Culturally tailored health promotion
Culturally tailored support groups
Delivered meals
Deputising Service
Dermatology
Diabetes Educator
Diagnostic Ultrasound
Dietetics
Disability advocacy
Disability aids - equipment
Disability Care Transport
Disability case management
Disability information-referral
Disability support packages
Disability supported accommodation
Drug and-or alcohol counselling
Drug and-or alcohol support groups
Early childhood intervention
Education information-referral
Emergency Department
Emergency medical
Employment placement and-or support
Endocrinology
Endodontic
Exercise Physiology
Family day care
Family planning
Family Violence
Family violence counselling
Feldenkrais
Financial assistance
Financial counselling
Financial information-advice
Flying doctor service
Food Relief-food-meals
Food safety
Foster care
Friendly visiting
Funeral services
Gastroenterology
Gastroenterology - Hepatology
General dental
General Mental Health Services
General Practice/GP (doctor)
General Practice-GP
Generalist counselling
Genetic counselling
Geriatric medicine
Gynaecological Oncology
Gynaecology
Health advocacy-Liaison service
Health counselling
Health information-referral
Hearing aids - equipment
Hepatology
Higher education
Holiday programs
Home care-housekeeping assistance
Home maintenance and repair
Home Medicine Review
Home Nursing
Homelessness support
Homoeopathy
Hospital
Hospital Services
Housing information-referral
Hydrotherapy
Hypnotherapy
Immunisation
Immunology - Allergy
Infectious diseases
Inpatients
Integrated Family Services
Intensive care medicine
Juvenile Justice
Kindergarten-preschool
Kinesiology
Kinship Care
Legal advocacy
Legal information-advice-referral
Library
Long day child care
Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Magnetic therapy
Martial arts
Massage therapy
Material aid
Maternal and Child Health
Maternity & Newborn Services
Mediation
Medical Oncology
Medical Research
Meditation
Mental health advocacy
Mental health information-referral
Mental Health Services
Migrant Health Clinic
Music Therapy
Myotherapy
Naturopathy
Neonatology - Perinatology
Nephrology
Neurology
Neurosurgery
Nuclear Medicine
Nurse led Clinic
Nurse Practitioner led Clinic
Nursing
Nutrition
Obstetrics
Obstetrics - Gynaecology
Occasional child care
Occupational Medicine
Occupational therapy
Ophthalmology
Optometry
Oral medicine
Oral surgery
Orthodontic
Orthopaedic surgery
Osteopathy
Outpatients
Outreach Service
Outside school hours care
Paediatric Cardiology
Paediatric Clinical Genetics
Paediatric Clinical Pharmacology
Paediatric Dentistry
Paediatric Dermatology
Paediatric Endocrinology
Paediatric Haematology
Paediatric Immunology
Allergy
Paediatric Infectious diseases
Paediatric intensive care medicine
Paediatric Medical Oncology
Paediatric Medicine
Paediatric Nephrology
Paediatric Neurology
Paediatric Nuclear Medicine
Paediatric Rehabilitation Medicine
Paediatric Rheumatology
Paediatric Sleep Medicine
Paediatric Surgery
Paediatric Thoracic Medicine
Palliative Medicine
Pathology - Clinical Chemistry
Pathology - General
Pathology - Genetics
Pathology - Haematology
Pathology - Immunology
Pathology - Microbiology
Patient transport
Periodontic
Personal alarms-alerts
Personal care for older persons
Personal fitness training
Pharmacy
Physical activity group
Physical activity programs
Physical fitness testing
Physiotherapy
Pilates
Placement Protection
Planned activity groups
Plastic - Reconstructive Surgery
Playgroup
Podiatry
Primary education
Problem gambling counselling
Prosthetics - Orthotics
Prosthodontic
Psychiatry
Psychology
Public Health Medicine
Public rental housing
Quit program
Radiation oncology
Reflexology
Refugee Health Clinic
Rehabilitation Medicine
Reiki
Relationship counselling
Relaxation therapy
Respite care
Rheumatology
School nursing
Secondary education
Sexual assault counselling
Sexual health
Shiatsu
Sleep Medicine
Social Support
Social Work
Speech pathology-therapy
Spiritual Counselling
Sporting club
Support groups
Surgery - General
Telephone Counselling
Thoracic medicine
Toy library
Training - vocational education
Translating Services
Trauma counselling
Urogynaecology
Urology
Vascular surgery
Veterans Services
Victims of crime counselling
Vocational Rehabilitation
Western herbal medicine
Womens Health Clinic
Yoga
Youth drop in-assistance-support
Location:
Type a minimum of three characters then press UP or DOWN on the keyboard to navigate the autocompleted search results
Use my location
Find a doctor
Need to find a doctor in your local area?
Take a look at the general practitioners entry in our health service profiles.
see general practitioner
Recent Activity
10 people have watched a video today
Health topics
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
Explore
Recipes
Healthy pantry
Videos
Consumer medicine information
Multilingual health information - Health Translations Directory
About
About us
Accessibility
Content partners
Privacy
Terms of use
Contact us
Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Page last reviewed: 30 Apr 2014
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/health/conditionsandtreatments/menstrual-cycle
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/privacy
Privacy Statement
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/terms-of-use
Copyright Notice
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/terms-of-use
Disclaimer Notice
This web site is managed and authorised by the Department of Health & Human Services, State Government of Victoria, Australia
© Copyright State of Victoria 2020.
Back to Top