https://www.stmichaelsmount.co.uk/privacy-policy
The island is now closed for the winter. Information regarding tickets and opening times for next year will be updated as and when that information is available.
SHARE
Twitter
Facebook
Google+
Privacy Policy
We’re committed to protecting your privacy. This policy details what personal information we collect and why we collect it, how we use your information and how you can access and update it.
Who we are
St Michael’s Mount Trading is part of St Aubyn Estates. Our address is St Aubyn Estates, Estate Office, King’s Rd, Marazion, Cornwall, TR17 0EL.
What information do we collect about you?
We collect information while you use our website and when you get in touch or sign up to our email newsletter. The personal information we collect from you while using the site includes your IP address and information about what pages are accessed and when. If you contact us or sign up to our email newsletter, we will also collect your name, address, email address, telephone number and date of birth (optional). We may also audit your click through rate to the emails we send to you. Website usage information is collected using cookies (see below).
When using the website information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time); products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.
If you interact us with us on social media (such as Twitter, Facebook, Instagram) or sites such as Google or Trip Advisor, if the settings on your accounts or the privacy policies of those sites give us permission to do so, we will collect information about you. This could include your name, email address and any direct or private messages sent to us.
We have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect. Any personal information is kept private and securely stored until a time it is no longer needed, or until you request that we remove it from our records.
How will we use the information about you?
Our use of your personal data will always have a lawful basis, either because it is necessary to complete a booking, because you have consented to our use of your personal data (e.g. by subscribing to emails), or because it is in our legitimate interests. We require the information outlined in the previous section to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
If you fill out a contact form on our website, we will use the details to contact you by email or telephone in relation to your enquiry.
Internal record keeping.
Improve our products and services.
Send marketing communications if you have opted in to receive them. If you subscribe to our email newsletter, we will contact you by email with special offers, news, details of upcoming events, updates about changes to our services. Newsletters may record subscriber data relating to engagement and geographic and demographic data, which we use for segmenting data and customer research. You can unsubscribe from our mailing list or update your preferences at any time by using the links in the footer of our emails or by emailing marketing@staubynestates.com
We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
We will never rent, lease or sell this data to other companies or individuals. We will only transfer your personal information to a third-party if required by law to do so.
If you are unhappy with how we have collected or used your data, you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO).
Access to your information
You have the right to access any data that relates to you, to delete it, and to object to its use for marketing.
We will not sell, distribute, or lease your personal information to third parties. Any personal information we request from you will be safeguarded under current legislation.
We will only share your information with companies if necessary to deliver services on our behalf, and third-party payment processors, to fulfil your requests, and as otherwise consented to by you or as permitted by applicable law.
You can also check, correct and update your information (for instance, if you change address or email address). To do this, please contact us at marketing@staubynestates.com.
Third parties whose content appears on our website may use third-party Cookies, as detailed below. Please refer to ‘Use of Cookies’ for more information on controlling Cookies. Please note that we do not control the activities of such third parties, nor the data they collect and use and advise you to check the privacy policies of any such third parties.
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information at any point. You have the right to withdraw your consent to us using your personal data at any time, and to request that we delete it.
We do not keep your personal data for any longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected.
Use of Cookies
This website uses cookies, which are small pieces of information sent by an organisation to your computer and stored on your hard drive to allow that website to recognise you when you visit. They are used to tailor your return visits and provide a more personalised experience, or to assist in monitoring website usage. They do not allow us to identify you as an individual.
Authentication, personalisation and security: cookies help us verify your account and device and determine when you log in, so we can make it easier for you to access the services and provide the appropriate experiences and features. We also use cookies to help prevent fraudulent use of login credentials.
Performance and analytics: cookies help us analyse how the services are being accessed and used, and enable us to track the performance of the services. For example, we use cookies to determine if you viewed a page or opened an email. This helps us provide you with information that you find interesting. We also use cookies to provide insights regarding your End Users and your sites’ performance, such as page views, conversion rates, device information, visitor IP addresses, and referral sites.
Third Parties: Third Party services may use cookies to help you sign into their services from our services. We also may use third-party cookies, such as Google Analytics, to assist with analysing performance. Any third party cookie usage is governed by the privacy policy of the third party placing the cookie. Our website may contain links to other websites. Please note that we have no control over how your data is collected, stored, or used by other websites and we advise you to check the privacy policies of any such websites before providing any data to them.
It is possible to disable cookies using your browser preferences. Please note that turning off cookies may affect the functionality of our website.
Where we store your personal data
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Disclosure of your information
We may share your information with other business within the St Aubyn Estates portfolio. This includes the Godolphin Arms, Mount Haven Hotel, and St Aubyn Estates Holidays.
We may share your information with selected third parties including:
Suppliers, sub-contractors and business partners for the performance of any contract we enter into with you or them.
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Terms of use and other agreements. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
What happens if our business changes hands?
We may, from time to time, expand or reduce our business and this may involve the sale and/or the transfer of control of all or part of our business. Any personal data that you have provided will, where it is relevant to any part of our business that is being transferred, be transferred along with that part. The new owner or newly controlling party will, under the terms of this Privacy Policy, be permitted to use that data only for the same purposes for which it was originally collected by us.
In the event that any of your data is to be transferred in such a manner, you will be contacted in advance and informed of the changes.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this page. This privacy policy was last updated on 16th May 2018.
We welcome your comments regarding this Privacy Policy. If you believe that St Michael’s Mount has not adhered to this Privacy Policy, please contact us at marketing@staubynestates.com. We will aim to use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Receive our newsletter
Missing us already? Enter your details here and you won’t miss a thing.
newsletter sign up
You are here:
Home > Privacy Policy