http://www.northernclaycenter.org/about/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Northern Clay Center
Contact
Staff
Board
NewsNorthern Clay Center Updates
ApplyEmployment
Internships & Assistantships
Volunteer
Teach
Studio Program
Exhibition Submissions
2021 Sales Gallery Submissions
Digital Image Submission
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Northern Clay Center collects information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey, or fill out a form.
When placing an order or registering on our site, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, or credit card information, as appropriate. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions
To send periodic e-mails
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or access your personal information.
We use a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database, only accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, who are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits, and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction, so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf, except to help us conduct and improve our business.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone.
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information without notice to you when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect our or others' rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include, or offer, third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We, therefore, have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. Therefore, we will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
All users of Northern Clay Center's site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their control panel and going to the 'Edit Profile' page.
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act)— we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Terms and Conditions
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 7/16/2013
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
http://www.northernclaycenter.org
2424 Franklin Ave E
Minneapolis, MN 55406
USA
nccinfo@northernclaycenter.org
(612) 339-8007
RETURN TO THE PREVIOUS PAGE
Search form
Search
Exhibitions
Upcoming
Past
Collaborative Exhibits
News
Related Events
About
American Pottery Festival
Shop APF
APF Conference
APF Tickets and Packages
APF Fundraiser
Personal Shopping
Education
Register for Classes
Register for Kids Classses
Student Information
Educator Resources
NCC's Library
Teaching Artists
Outreach
Events, Tours, & Parties
News
Sales Gallery
Gallery Hours & Information
News
Special Commissions
Gift Registry
Selling/Donating Collections
Host An Event
Art-on-Loan
Terms of Sale
Shop
Ceramics
Featured Artists
Classes
Terms of Sale
Apply
Employment
Internships & Assistantships
Volunteer
Teach
Studio Program
Exhibition Submissions
2021 Sales Gallery Submissions
Digital Image Submission
Artist Services
News
Events
Artist Grants
Grant Program Alumni
Studio Program
MN NICE
Request a Grant Info Session
About
Contact
Staff
Board
News
Apply
Privacy Policy
Support
Become a Member
Make a Donation
Volunteer
Current Members and Donors
Institutional Donors
Skip to main content
Error message
Unable to send e-mail. Contact the site administrator if the problem persists.
Error
The website encountered an unexpected error. Please try again later.