http://www.zztop.com/terms
Table of Contents
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
BASIC INFORMATION
TRADEMARK AND COPYRIGHT INFORMATION
CODE OF CONDUCT
WARRANTY DISCLAIMER
ACCESS FROM OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES
VOID WHERE PROHIBITED
MAKING PURCHASES
FORUMS AND USER CONTENT
LICENSE TO BUBBLEUP LLC
DMCA
GENERAL PRACTICE & LIMITS
PERSONAL INFORMATION
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
INDEMNIFICATION
LITIGATION ISSUES
MISCELLANEOUS
GENERAL CONTEST RULES
ORDERS FOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
THIRD PARTY WEBSITE PURCHASES
ETC.
FAN CLUB MEMBERSHIP AND EVENT TICKET PURCHASES
PRIVACY POLICY
WHO WE ARE
CHILDREN UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE
A SPECIAL NOTE TO PARENTS
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU
Information you give us, including:
Information we collect about you.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM OTHER SOURCES
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION
(a) From you
(b) Via cookies, web beacons or clickstream data
TRANSMISSION OF YOUR INFORMATION VIA THE INTERNET
HOW YOUR INFORMATION MAY BE USED
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
STORAGE AND TRANSFER OF DATA
YOUR RIGHT TO OBTAIN, CHANGE OR REMOVE YOUR INFORMATION
OTHER WEBSITES
INFORMATION ABOUT COOKIES AND TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
WEB BEACONS AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY ONLY
CONTACTING US
Back to Top
Terms and Conditions
BASIC INFORMATIONLast Updated December 6, 2017
(Contains legal information, including the terms and conditions applicable to the Site. Please read this carefully.)
This Internet website is hosted and operated on behalf of the artist ("Artist") by BubbleUp LLC. The terms "BubbleUp LLC", "we", "us" or "our" refer to BubbleUp LLC. The terms "you" and "your" refer to you, as the user of the Site.
BubbleUp LLC provides access to this website (the "Site" or the "website") and any related services provided hereon, including forums and chat rooms (the "BubbleUp LLC Online Services") subject to your compliance with the following terms
and conditions. These terms and conditions constitute an agreement between you and BubbleUp LLC ("Agreement" or the "Terms and Conditions") that governs the relationship between you and BubbleUp LLC with respect to your use of the Site
and the BubbleUp LLC online services. Thus, it is important that you read carefully and understand these Terms and Conditions.
Back to Top
TRADEMARK AND COPYRIGHT INFORMATION
All material on the Site, including, but not limited to, text, data, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, video clips, links, digital downloads, data compilations, and software are owned, controlled by, or licensed to
BubbleUp LLC and are protected by copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property rights. Material on the Site is made available solely for your personal, non-commercial use and may not be copied, reproduced, republished, modified,
uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, including by e-mail or other electronic means, without the express prior written consent of BubbleUp LLC and the copyright owner in each instance. You may download material
intentionally made available for downloading from the Site for your personal, non-commercial use only, provided that you keep intact any and all copyright and other proprietary notices that may appear on such materials.
Back to Top
CODE OF CONDUCT
The following rules, policies, and disclaimers shall govern and/or apply to your use of the BubbleUp LLC Online Services on the Site (including, without limitation, any bulletin boards, chat rooms, or other online services provided on this website).
We do not review every message, nor do we confirm the accuracy or validity of information posted. We do not actively monitor the contents of the postings, nor are we responsible for the content of any postings. We do not vouch for, nor do we warrant the
validity, accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any message or information posted. The contents of the postings do not represent the views of BubbleUp LLC, its licensors, or any person or property associated with BubbleUp LLC, the BubbleUp LLC Online
Services, the Site, or any other website in the BubbleUp LLC family of websites. If you feel that any posting is objectionable, we encourage you to contact us by email. We will make every effort to remove objectionable content if we deem removal to be
warranted. Please understand that removal or editing of any posting is a manual process and might not occur immediately.
You agree, by using the Site or the BubbleUp LLC Online Services, that: (1) you will not use the Site or any of the BubbleUp LLC Online Services to post any material that is knowingly false and/or defamatory, inaccurate, abusive, vulgar, obscene, profane,
hateful, harassing, sexually oriented, threatening, invasive of one's privacy, or otherwise in violation of any law; (2) you will not restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Site or any of the BubbleUp LLC Online Services provided hereon
(including, by way of example, by means of hacking or defacement); (3) you will not post any content that
infringes the rights of a third party, including, without limitation, copyrights, trademarks, patents, trade secrets, rights of privacy and publicity;
(4) you will not post or transmit any information or software that contains a virus, worm, trojan horse or other harmful, disruptive, or deleterious component; (5) you will not utilize any bot, spider, site search/retrieval application, or any other manual or
automated technique to scrape, index, data mine, etc., or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Site, the BubbleUp LLC Online Services, or the contents of such website or services; and (7) you will not impersonate
any other individual or entity in connection with your use of the Site or any of the BubbleUp LLC Online Services.
Although we cannot and do not review all posted messages, we reserve the right to remove (or not) any message for any (or no) reason whatsoever. You remain solely responsible for the content of your messages, and you agree to indemnify and hold harmless
BubbleUp LLC and their agents with respect to any claim based upon the transmission of your message(s) and/or posting(s). Posting of advertisements, chain letters, pyramid schemes, solicitations, and the like, are inappropriate and forbidden on the BubbleUp
LLC websites and any related BubbleUp LLC Online Services (including bulletin boards and chat rooms).
Back to Top
WARRANTY DISCLAIMER
BubbleUp LLC has provided links and pointers to Internet sites maintained by third parties ("Third-Party Sites") and may, from time to time, provide third party materials on the Site. In addition, links and pointers to Third-Party Sites may be posted on
forums or chat rooms. Neither BubbleUp LLC, its parent or their respective affiliates, nor Artist, its agents, affiliates, representatives, record label, or others working on its behalf operate or control in any respect any information, products, or services
on these Third-Party Sites. The materials in the Site, the BubbleUp LLC online services and the Third-Party Sites are provided "as is" and "as available" with no representations or warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited
to, any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. You assume total responsibility and risk for your use of the Site, the BubbleUp LLC online services and the Third-Party Sites.
BubbleUp LLC, its affiliates, and its sponsors and Artist, its agents, affiliates, representatives, record label, or others working on its behalf are neither responsible nor liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special, exemplary,
punitive, or other damages arising out of or relating in any way to the Site, your use of the Site, the BubbleUp LLC, online services, or any Third-Party Sites. Your sole remedy for dissatisfaction with the Site, the BubbleUp LLC online services, and/or
any Third-Party Sites is to stop using the website(s) concerned and/or those services. Neither BubbleUp LLC nor Artist, its agents, affiliates, representatives, record label, or others working on its behalf warrant that the functions contained in the Site,
the BubbleUp LLC online services and/or any Third-Party Sites will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the Site or any Third-Party Sites, or the servers that make them available, are or will be free of viruses or other
harmful components. Neither BubbleUp LLC NOR Artist, its agents, affiliates, representatives, record label, or others working on its behalf warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the materials on the Site, the
BubbleUp LLC online services, or any Third-Party Sites in terms of their correctness, accuracy, timeliness, reliability, or otherwise.
For the avoidance of doubt, neither BubbleUp LLC nor Artist, its agents, affiliates, representatives, record label, or others working on its behalf make any representations or warranties regarding how often the materials or information posted on the
Site will be updated (if at all) or the number or identification of the recording artists or other individuals (if any) that will be featured on the Site.
Back to Top
ACCESS FROM OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES
The Site is directed to people residing in the United States. We do not represent that content available on or through the Site is appropriate or available in other locations. We may limit the availability of the Site or any service or product described
on the Site to any person or geographic area at any time. If you choose to access the Site from outside the United States, you do so at your own risk.
Back to Top
VOID WHERE PROHIBITED
Although this Site may be accessible worldwide, not all products or services discussed or referenced on the Site are available to all persons or in all geographic locations. BubbleUp LLC reserves the right to limit, in its sole discretion, the provision
and quantity of any product or service to any person or geographic area it so desires. Any offer for any product or service made in the Site is void where prohibited.
Back to Top
MAKING PURCHASES
Some aspects of the Site may require you to pay a fee, the details of which are available in various areas of the Site that feature the ability to purchase products, features or services. If you wish to purchase products, features, or services described
on the Site, you may be asked to supply certain information including credit card or other payment information. You agree that all information that you provide will be accurate, complete, and current. You agree to pay all charges, including shipping and
handling charges, incurred by users of your credit card or other payment mechanism at the prices in effect when such charges are incurred. You will also be responsible for paying any applicable taxes relating to your purchases. Click here to see the
BubbleUp LLC Privacy Policy.
Back to Top
FORUMS AND USER CONTENT
We may host fan reviews, message boards, blog feeds, social media feeds and other forums found on the Site (collectively, "Forums"), and you may be able to submit suggestions, reviews, concepts, audio and video recordings, photographs, artwork or other
materials to the Forums or other areas of the Site ("User Content").
By submitting User Content, you certify that you are at least 18 years old, or you are at least 13 years old and have obtained your parent's or legal guardian's express consent to submit User Content.
You own all rights to your User Content. If you submit User Content to the Site, you grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, transferable, sublicenseable, royalty-free right and license to use, reproduce, modify, create derivative works of, distribute, publicly
perform, display, archive and commercialize your User Content, in our sole discretion, in all formats and in all media channels now known or hereinafter discovered, without any compensation or acknowledgment to you or anyone else. This license will not affect
your ownership in your User Content, including the right to grant additional licenses to your User Content, except if it conflicts with these Terms. We are not obligated to post, display or otherwise use any User Content, or to attribute your User Content to
you. You will not make or authorize any claim against us that our use of your User Content infringes any of your rights.
Statements, opinions and reviews posted by participants in a Forum may be inaccurate, offensive, obscene, threatening or harassing. We do not endorse and are not responsible for these postings. We will not be liable for any loss or harm caused by the
posting or your reliance on information obtained through the postings.
You will be responsible for your User Content and the consequences of posting it. By submitting User Content, you represent to us that (i) you own, or have the necessary permission to submit the User Content and to grant the licenses to us under this
section, and (ii) you have the written permission of every identifiable person in the User Content to use that person's name and likeness in the manner contemplated by the Site and these Terms or, if the person is a minor, the written permission of the
minor's parent or legal guardian.
We will have the right (but not the obligation) to monitor the Site, the Forums and the User Content, and to disclose any User Content and the circumstances surrounding its submission in order to operate the Site properly, or to protect ourselves,
our sponsors and our users, or to comply with legal obligations or governmental requests.
If we are notified that your User Content does not comply with these Terms, we may investigate the allegation and may decide to remove your User Content and cancel your account. We may also hold you liable for any User Content that infringes the rights
of a third party, and require you to pay or reimburse us for any amounts we believe are necessary to resolve any complaint.
Back to Top
LICENSE TO BUBBLEUP LLC
By posting messages, uploading files, inputting data, or engaging in any other form of communication through the Site, you agree to (A) grant to BubbleUp LLC its successors, licensees and assigns a royalty-free, perpetual, non-exclusive, unrestricted,
worldwide license to: (1) use, copy, sublicense, adapt, transmit, publicly perform, or display any such communication; and (2) sublicense to third parties the unrestricted right to exercise any of the foregoing rights granted with respect to the communication,
in each case including the right to exploit any proprietary rights in such communication, including but not limited to rights under copyright, trademark, service mark, or patent laws under any relevant jurisdiction, (B) absolutely and irrevocably waive in
favor of BubbleUp LLC and its successors, licensees and assigns, all moral rights in respect of any such communications, and (C) execute and deliver such further documents and do such further acts and things as BubbleUp LLC may request for the purpose of
giving effect to the foregoing.
Back to Top
DMCA
Under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA"), if you believe in good faith that any content on the Site infringes your copyright, you may send us a notice requesting that the content be removed. If properly notified, we will promptly
remove materials from the Site in accordance with the DMCA. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide us with a written notice containing the following information:
1.	Your name, address, telephone number, and email address (if any).
2.	A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed.
3.	A description of where on the Site the material that you claim is infringing may be found, sufficient for us to locate the material (e.g., the URL).
4.	A statement that you have a good faith belief that the use of the copyrighted work is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
5.	A statement by you UNDER PENALTY OF PERJURY that the information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
6.	Your electronic or physical signature.
Please submit this information our designated DMCA agent at:
DMCA Agent
c/o Epic Rights, Inc.
8730 W. Sunset Blvd. Suite 500
West Hollywood, CA 90069
dmca@epicrights.com
Failure to include all of the above information, especially specific information about where infringing content may be found, will result in a delay in the processing of your DMCA notification and may result in your having to repeat some or all of the
above process. There can be penalties for false claims under the DMCA. We suggest that you consult your legal advisor before filing a notice or counter-notice.
Back to Top
GENERAL PRACTICE & LIMITS
You also acknowledge that the Site may establish general practices and limits concerning use of the Site, including without limitation, limiting the maximum number of days that email messages, message board postings or other uploaded content will be
retained by the Site, the maximum number of email messages that may be sent from or received by an account on the Site, the maximum size of any email message that may be sent from or received by an account on the Site, the maximum disk space that will be
allotted on the Site servers on your behalf, the maximum length of time that an IP address will be assigned for your use, the maximum throughput of traffic from the Internet or associated service (e.g., Usenet, email, web hosting), and the maximum number
of times (and the maximum duration for which) you may access the Site in a given period of time. You agree that the Site has no responsibility or liability for the deletion, for failure to store or to deliver any messages and other communications, for the
modification or malformation of data communications over the Site, or for other content maintained or transmitted by the Site. You acknowledge that the Site reserves the right to log off accounts that are, or disconnect a session that is, inactive for an
extended period of time. You further acknowledge that the Site reserves the right to change these general practices and limits at any time without advanced notice.
Back to Top
PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personally identifiable information relating to you collected on the Site or the BubbleUp LLC Online Services will be collected, used, maintained and disclosed in accordance with BubbleUp LLC's Privacy Policy (Click here to see the BubbleUp LLC Privacy Policy.)
Back to Top
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Except in jurisdictions where such provisions are restricted, in no event will the Site or BubbleUp LLC be liable for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special, or punitive damages, including lost profits, even if the Site or BubbleUp LLC.
has been advised of the possibility of damages. This disclaimer of liability applies to any and all damages or injury from any cause. These include, without limitation, damages or injury caused by failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion,
defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction, or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of record, whether for breach of contract, tortuous behavior, negligence, or under any other cause of action.
Back to Top
INDEMNIFICATION
Except to the extent prohibited under applicable law, you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless BubbleUp LLC, Artist, its record label, and their respective affiliated companies, officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, and suppliers from and
against all losses, expenses, damages, and costs, including reasonable legal fees, resulting from any violation by you of these Terms and Conditions. BubbleUp LLC and Artist reserve the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to
indemnification by you.
Back to Top
LITIGATION ISSUES
These terms and conditions are entered into in the State of Texas and shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Texas and the laws of the United States of America applicable therein. You agree to submit to the non-exclusive
jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Texas. You agree and acknowledge that your use of the Site, and all transactions occurring in connection with the Site, shall be deemed to have occurred and taken place solely in the State of Texas, United States of America.
You further agree as follows: (i) any claim brought to enforce these terms and conditions must be commenced within two (2) years of the cause of action accruing; (ii) no recovery may be sought or received for damages other than out-of-pocket expenses, except that the
prevailing party will be entitled to costs and legal fees; and (iii) any claim must be brought individually and not consolidated as part of a group or class action complaint.
Back to Top
MISCELLANEOUS
In the event that any of the provisions of these terms and conditions are held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, such provisions shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that these terms and conditions
shall otherwise remain in full force and effect. These terms do not create any partnership, joint venture, employer-employee, agency or franchisor-franchisee relationship between you and us. If any provision of these terms is found to be unenforceable, that provision will
not affect the validity and enforceability of any other provision.
You may not assign, transfer or sublicense any or all of your rights or obligations under this Agreement without our express prior written consent. No waiver by either party of any breach or default hereunder
will be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default.
This Agreement hereby incorporates by this reference any additional terms that we post on the Site (including, without limitation, our Privacy Policy) and, except as otherwise expressly stated
herein, this Agreement is the entire Agreement between you and us relating to the subject matter herein and supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous written or oral agreements or understandings between you and us relating to such subject matter. Notices to you may be
made via posting to the Site, by e-mail or by regular mail, in our discretion.
We may also provide notice of changes to this Agreement or other matters by displaying such notices or by providing links to such notices. You agree that a printed version of this Agreement
and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this Agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and
maintained in printed form. We will not be responsible for failure to fulfill any obligation due to causes beyond our control.
Except as expressly set forth in the following sentence, nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer, nor shall
anything herein confer on, any person other than the parties and the respective successors or permitted assigns of the parties, any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities.
Notwithstanding the previous sentence, you agree that our Affiliates and our and their
respective Artists, Representatives and those Providers who are content owners and service providers from whom we have obtained a license or other rights to use their content and services, as applicable, in connection with the Site) are third-party beneficiaries under
this Agreement with the right to enforce the provisions of this Agreement that directly apply to such parties.
Notwithstanding the immediately preceding sentence, our right to enter into, rescind or terminate any variation, waiver or settlement under this Agreement
is not subject to the consent of any third party.
BubbleUp LLC may modify these terms and conditions from time to time. You agree to be bound to the modifications and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the current terms and conditions to which you are bound.
Back to Top
GENERAL CONTEST RULES
Except to the extent set forth in the specific rules for a particular contest, these general contest rules will apply to all contests ("Contests") conducted through the Site. To the extent that the specific rules for a particular Contest differ from these general
Contest rules, the specific rules for that particular Contest will govern and control the conduct of such Contest.
Contests are subject to all applicable laws and regulations, and are void where prohibited.
Odds of winning depend upon the how the Contest is conducted.
For random drawings, the odds of winning will depend upon the number of entries received.
The Contest holder ("Sponsor") and its respective employees, affiliates and subsidiaries, advertising and promotional agencies, suppliers of prizes, material and services related to the Contest shall be referred to collectively as "Sponsor and its Agents."
Unless otherwise specified, each Contest entrant must be 18 years of age or older at the time of entry, and a legal resident of the United States, with the exception of Guam, Puerto Rico and all other U.S. territories and possessions and where prohibited by law.
Sponsor and its Agents reserve the right to cancel or modify the Contest if fraud, technical failures, or any other factor impairs the integrity of the Contest, or for any other reason or for no reason, as determined by the Sponsor and its Agents in their sole
discretion. In such event, Sponsor and its Agents reserve the right to (but are not required to) award the prizes at random from among all non-suspect, eligible entries received up to the time of the impairment or cancellation. Sponsor reserves the right, in its sole
discretion, to disqualify any individual who tampers with the entry process and to cancel, terminate, modify and/or suspend the Contest in the event of tampering or other circumstances, including but not limited to acts of God or civil disturbance that render it
impractical or impossible to complete or fulfill the Contest as originally planned. By entering, you: (a) agree to release the Sponsor and its Agents from all liability, injuries, loss and/or damage of any kind arising from your participation in the Contest and the
acceptance, possession and use/misuse of any prize; (b) agree to be bound by these Official Rules and the decisions of Sponsor and its Agents; and (c) give your express permission to be contacted by Sponsor and its Agents by email, mail or phone. By submitting an
entry, you further consent to the use of your name, address, image, voice, likeness, statements, biographical material, as well as any additional photographic images, video images, portraits, interviews or other materials relating to you and arising out of your
participation in the Contest (with or without using your name) in any media, whether now known or hereafter invented, throughout the world for any purpose whatsoever, without limitation, and without additional review, compensation, or approval from you or any other
party (except if winner is a resident a jurisdiction where otherwise prohibited by law). If you are selected as a winner, prior to receiving the prize, you must agree to sign an affidavit to such effect, unless the winner is a resident of a jurisdiction where prohibited
by law. Each winner is responsible for all federal, state and local taxes applicable to the acceptance and use of his/her prize. All applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations apply. The Contest is governed by laws of the United States and all claims must
be resolved in the United States. You further agree that any and all disputes, claims and causes of action arising out of or connected with the Contest or any prizes awarded shall be resolved individually without resort to any form of class action, and must be settled
by binding final arbitration to be held in Los Angeles, California, before a single arbitrator, pursuant to the commercial arbitration rules of JAMS, and governed exclusively by the laws of California. Should any of the provisions of the Contest rules be found to be
invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, that portion shall be deemed severed or restricted and the remainder of the Contest rules shall remain in full force and effect. The failure of Sponsor and its Agents to enforce any term of these rules
shall not constitute a waiver of that provision.
You release, and agree to indemnify and hold harmless, Sponsor and its Agents, and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents (the "Released Parties") from and against all claims (known and unknown), liabilities, injuries, death, loss and/or damages
of any kind arising from your participation in the Contest or the acceptance, possession or use or misuse of the prize. You assume all risks associated with the Contest or use or misuse of the prize, and you agree that the Released Parties will not be responsible or
liable for any injury, harm, death, damages, costs or expenses.
Back to Top
ORDERS FOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
We may make certain products available to visitors and registrants of the Site.
You may only do so if, and you hereby represent and warrant that, you are domiciled in the United States and you are 18 years old or older.
You agree to pay in full the prices for
any purchases you make either by credit/debit card concurrent with your online order or by other payment means acceptable to us.
You agree to pay all applicable taxes.
If payment is not received by us from your credit or debit card issuer or its agents, you agree
to pay all amounts due upon demand by us. We reserve the right to cancel any order for any reason.
Back to Top
THIRD PARTY WEBSITE PURCHASES
You may be linked from the Site to third party websites ("Linked Sites"). For example, you may purchase products, some of which may be Artist products, on or though Linked Sites. You acknowledge and agree that we have no responsibility for the information,
content, products, services, advertising, code or other materials which may or may not be provided by or through Linked Sites.
Links to Linked Sites do not constitute an endorsement by us of such websites or the information, content, products, services,
advertising, code or other materials presented on or through such websites.
Back to Top
ETC.
Copyright ©2009-2017 BubbleUp LLC, its suppliers, or licensors. All rights reserved.
Back to Top
FAN CLUB MEMBERSHIP AND EVENT TICKET PURCHASES
Where applicable, fan club membership may be required to purchase certain tickets offered via the Site. You may join the fan club by creating a Member Account on the Site through our online registration process and paying the appropriate fees. In creating a
Member Account, you agree to: (i) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Site's registration process (such information being the "Registration Data") and (ii) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data
to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. Unless otherwise stated, memberships are for one year. We may change the terms of membership, including the fees, if you renew your membership. We will grant only one membership per person. If we determine that a
single person has joined (or attempted to join) more than once, or if we receive multiple membership applications from a single and/or cluster of e-mail addresses verified to single person, we may cancel all applicable memberships and invalidate any tickets
purchase via the membership(s).
We may offer certain tickets or ticket packages as a benefit to fan club members. Tickets purchased on our Site are typically subject to a per ticket service fee and a non-refundable per order processing fee. In many cases, delivery prices will also be owed.
You may be limited to a specified number of tickets for each event (also known as a "ticket limit"). This ticket limit is posted during the purchase process and is verified with every transaction. This policy is in effect to discourage unfair ticket buying
practices. We reserve the right to cancel any or all orders and tickets without notice to you if you exceed the posted limits. This includes orders associated with the same name, e-mail address, billing address, credit card number or other information.
We reserve the right at any time to suspend, modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, any portion of the Site or the club with or without prior notice. You agree that we will not be liable to you or to any third party for any suspension, modification
or discontinuance.
We expressly reserves the right to immediately modify, suspend or terminate your account and refuse current or future use of any Site service, including clubs in the following situations: (a) if we in our sole discretion believe you have violated or tried to
violate the rights of others; or (b) if we become aware of information indicating a safety concern for you, other Site users, or the general public, or (c) if we in our sole discretion, believe that you have acted inconsistently with the spirit or letter of the
Terms of Service. Artist clubs and their benefits are offered at our discretion, and we have the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Artist club service, in whole or in part for any reason, at its sole discretion, with or without notice
to you. You agree that we will not be liable to you or any third party for any modifications or discontinuance of the Artist club service.
We, in our sole and absolute discretion, may terminate your access to the Site or your account for any reason, including, without limitation, your breach of these Terms, with or without notice to you and without liability to you or any third party. Upon such
termination, we: (i) may immediately deactivate or delete your account and all related information and files in such accounts and/or bar any further access to such account or files, without liability to you or any third party for doing so or (ii) will not refund
your membership or any other fees you have paid to the club. Orders are processed only after a billing address, and other billing information, has been verified. Occasionally, we receive incorrect billing or credit card account information for a ticket order that
can delay processing and delivery. In these cases, we will attempt to contact you, using the information provided at the time of purchase. If we are unable to reach you after our initial attempt, we may cancel your order and may sell your tickets to another
customer without further notice.
If you do not receive a confirmation number (in the form of a confirmation page or email) after submitting payment information, or if you experience an error message or service interruption after submitting payment information, it is your responsibility to
confirm whether or not your order has been placed. Only you may be aware of any problems that may occur during the purchase process. We will not be responsible for losses (monetary or otherwise) if you assume that an order was not placed because you failed to
receive confirmation.
Different combinations of delivery methods may be offered, depending on factors that include the venue or country where the event is to be held, the country in which you live, how much time is left before the event starts, whether it is a holiday season and
the nature of the demand for the event. Please carefully review the list of delivery methods offered during the purchase process. For security purposes, we can only ship tickets to the billing address on file with the credit card company that is used for your purchase.
Opening acts or guests may sometimes tour with headlining performers. We are not always made aware of opening acts or the length of their performances. Opening acts, as well as festival performers, are subject to change or cancellation at any time without notice. No
refund will be owed if an opening act or festival performer is changed or canceled.
Before purchasing tickets, carefully review your event and seat selection. We will not issue exchanges or refunds after a ticket has been purchased or for lost, stolen, damaged or destroyed tickets.
Occasionally, concerts are canceled or postponed. Should this occur, we will attempt to contact you to inform you of refund or exchange procedures for that concert. For exact instructions on any canceled or postponed concert, please check the concert
information online or contact us. If the event was moved or rescheduled, we may be able to substitute tickets with comparable or better seat locations in our discretion. Please contact us for more information if you cannot attend the rescheduled event.
You agree that you will not attempt to evade, avoid, or circumvent any refund prohibitions in any manner with regard to tickets you purchased. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you will not contact us to seek a refund or exchange from us
when we are prohibited from providing one, and you will not dispute or otherwise seek a "chargeback" from the company whose credit card you used to purchase tickets from the Site. Should you do so, your tickets may be canceled, and we may, in its sole
discretion, refuse to honor pending and future ticket purchases made from all credit card accounts or online accounts on which such chargebacks have been made, and may prohibit all persons in whose name the credit card accounts exist and any person who
accesses any associated online account or credit card or who otherwise breaches this provision from using the Site.
If we are able to issue you a refund for a ticket due to a canceled or postponed event, we will issue a refund of the ticket's face value paid (or, for a discounted ticket, then instead the discounted ticket price paid) and all service fees. In no event
will delivery charges or any other amounts be refunded. If a refund is issued, it will be issued using the same method of payment that was used to purchase the tickets. We will not be liable for travel or any other expenses that you or anyone else incurs in
connection with a canceled or postponed event.
If the amount you pay for a ticket is incorrect regardless of whether because of an error in a price posted on this Site or otherwise communicated to you, or you are able to order a ticket before its scheduled on-sale or presale date or you are able to
order a ticket that was not supposed to have been released for sale, then we will have the right to cancel that ticket (or the order for that ticket) and refund to you the amount that you paid. This will apply regardless of whether because of human
error or a transactional malfunction.
Event providers reserve the right, without refund of any amount paid, to refuse admission to, or eject, any person whose conduct management deems disorderly, who uses vulgar or abusive language or who fails to comply with event provider rules. Breach of
terms or rules will terminate your license to attend the event without refund. A ticket is a revocable license and admission may be refused upon refunding the ticket's face amount. A ticket is not redeemable for cash.
You agree that the event for which you purchase tickets is a public event, that your appearance and actions inside and outside the venue where the event occurs are public in nature, and that you have no expectation of privacy with regard to your
actions or conduct at the event. You grant permission to the event provider(s) to utilize your name, image, likeness, acts, poses, plays, appearance, movements, and statements in any live or recorded audio, video, or photographic display or other transmission,
exhibition, publication or reproduction made of, or at, the event (regardless of whether before, during or after play or performance) for any purpose, in any manner, in any medium or context now known or hereafter developed, without further authorization from,
or compensation to, you or anyone acting on your behalf.
You and your belongings may be searched on entry to the event. You consent to such searches and waive any related claims that may arise. If you elect not to consent to such searches, you may be denied entry to the event without refund or other compensation.
Under certain facility rules, certain items may not be brought into the premises, including without limitation, alcohol, drugs, controlled substances, cameras, recording devices, laser pointers, strobe lights, irritants (e.g., artificial noisemakers),
bundles and containers.
Unlawful resale (or attempted resale), counterfeit or copy of tickets is grounds for seizure and cancellation without compensation. Certain maximum resale premiums and restrictions may apply in some states and we cannot be responsible for providing legal advice
regarding resale or pricing of tickets. You are responsible for complying with all applicable ticket resale laws. In addition, we reserve the right to restrict or deny ticket purchasing privileges to anyone that we determine to be, or has been, in violation of our
policies. Tickets may not be used for advertising, promotions, contests or sweepstakes, unless formal written authorization is given by us.
Back to Top
PRIVACY POLICY
Back to Top
WHO WE ARELast Updated December 7, 2017
This Privacy Policy explains the personal information protection practices of BubbleUp LLC, a company organized under the laws of Texas and whose principal office address is 9391 Grogan's Mill Rd The Woodlands, TX 77380. Where we refer to
"BubbleUp", "us" or "we", we mean BubbleUp LLC. As used in this Privacy Policy the term "Artist," means the artist featured on this Site.
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy and the following sets out the basis on which any personal information we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be used and/or disclosed. Please read the text carefully to
understand our views and practices regarding your personal information and how we will treat it.
Back to Top
CHILDREN UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE
You must be 13 years of age or older to register with our Site. Please do not register if you are under 13 years of age. There are certain web pages within our Site that require users to be at least 13 years of age. This may mean that you
will be unable to participate in some activities on the Site. If you use the Site, you affirm you are at least 13 years old.
Back to Top
A SPECIAL NOTE TO PARENTS
Parents should supervise their children's online activities and consider using parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers that help provide a child-friendly online environment. These tools can also prevent
children from disclosing online their name, address, and other personal information without parental permission.
Back to Top
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU
When you use the Site or contact us we may collect and process the following data about you:
Information you give us, including:
Forms filled out by you on the Site;
Content of correspondence with us;
Site registration;
Subscriptions or orders placed on the Site;
Participation in discussion boards or other social media functions on the Site;
Information from social media or other platforms when you sign on to or otherwise link our Site(s) with your Facebook, Twitter, Spotify, Google, Instagram, Tumblr or other online account (a "Connected Account);
Entering a competition, promotion or survey;
Reporting a problem or requesting support for the Site.
The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, date of birth, payment information, personal description, photographs or images or comments.
Information we collect about you.
With regard to each of your visits to our Site we may automatically collect the following information:
Technical information, including IP address, login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
Information about your visit, including the full URL clickstream to, through and from our Site (including date and time);
Pages you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.
We may also use cookies or other tracking technologies from third parties on our Site. Please see our Cookies Policy for more information.
Back to Top
INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM OTHER SOURCES
We may receive information about you if you use any of the other websites operated by our affiliates. In this case we will have informed you when we collected that data that it may be shared internally and combined with data collected on this Site.
Third party business partners and vendors such as technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, or other service providers may provide information about you when performing their services for us.
We may use third parties to supplement information we collect about you or help us connect data across our affiliates.
Information we receive with your consent may include email address, first and last name, location (hometown and country), gender, date of birth, likes, content played, posts or other activity. Please review your privacy settings to control what information is
provided to us through this option.
Our Site may include features that allow you to post content or otherwise interact with third party services, such as social media. Our use of information collected by us is governed by this Privacy Policy. The collection and use of information by the third-party
service who provides such functionality is governed by the third party's privacy policy.
Back to Top
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION
(a) From you
We may collect and process personal information relating to you if you provide such personal information by filling in forms on our site or by you contacting us. This includes, but is not limited to, information provided at the time of registering to use
(or become a member of) our site, subscribing to any services (for example, email or SMS newsletters), purchasing downloads or other products, posting material or requesting further services.
(b) Via cookies, web beacons or clickstream data
Some information may automatically be collected as you browse our site. Our web server automatically collects information known as "clickstream data," such as the domain name of the service providing you with Internet access, the Internet protocol (IP) address
used to connect your computer to the Internet, your browser type and version, operating system and platform, the average time spent on our site, pages viewed, information searched for, access times and other relevant statistics. In addition, we may use cookies to
collect information relating to your general internet usage. This information may include IP-addresses, browser version, number of visits and similar such information relating to your navigation of the internet and our site. A ‘cookie' is a small text file that is
placed on your computer's hard drive. Cookies help us to improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalized service, for instance by storing information about your preferences and allowing us to recognize you when you return to our site. You may refuse
to accept cookies by activating settings on your internet browser. However, please note that if you select such settings you may be unable to access certain parts of our site.
Certain pages on our site may also contain "web beacons" (also known as Internet tags,
pixel tags or clear GIFs). Web beacons may allow third parties to obtain non-personally identifiable information such as the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the beacon appears, the URL of the page on which the beacon appears, the time
the page containing the beacon was viewed, the type of browser used to view the page, and the information in cookies set by the third party. We use log files to store the data that is collected through web beacons.
Back to Top
TRANSMISSION OF YOUR INFORMATION VIA THE INTERNET
The general transmission of information via the internet may not be completely secure. Any transmission is therefore made at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
We use industry standard technology to maintain the confidentiality and accuracy of the personal information you provide to us. We periodically review our security measures to ensure the security of your information. However, we cannot guarantee that any information you
submit to us will be free from unauthorized third-party intrusion.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. Do not share the password
with anyone.
Back to Top
HOW YOUR INFORMATION MAY BE USED
We may use information held about you in the following ways:
To provide our Site to you, including internal operations, troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, security, safety, and statistical purposes;
To provide you with information about affiliated artists, content, or promotions;
To provide you, or permit selected third parties to provide you, with information about goods or services, including through interest-based advertising;
To carry out our obligations arising from any agreements entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
To improve our Site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
To notify you about changes to our Site or to manage your access to the Site;
To respond to your queries;
To allow you to interact with our Site, for example by posting comments;
To allow you to share information from our Site on third party social media platforms;
To comply with legal and regulatory requirements.
To help protect you and others, we monitor use of our sites, and we use the information we collect, including personal information, to identify fraudulent activities and transactions; prevent abuse of and investigate and/or seek prosecution for
any potential threats to or misuse of our sites; ensure compliance with the applicable terms of service and this Privacy Policy; investigate violations of or enforce these agreements; and otherwise to protect the rights and property of Artist and
BubbleUp LLC, and Artist's and BubbleUp LLC's respective partners, and customers.
Monitoring may result in the collection, recording, and analysis of online activity or communications through our sites. If you do not consent to these conditions,
you must discontinue your use of our site.
We may combine information we receive from other sources with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may use this combined information for the purposes set out above;
Back to Top
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may share your personal information with our affiliates and with selected third parties including:
Business partners, suppliers, vendors, and sub-contractors who enable us to operate the Site or to provide you with a product or service;
Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors to provide you with advertisements or other information about promotions and offers we believe may interest you;
Relevant artists and/or their representatives for marketing, promotional or similar purposes;
Third party partners who conduct joint marketing, product or services activities with Artist or its affiliates, including information collected outside such joint activities, where such disclosure is permitted by applicable law and where you have not opted out;
Aggregated and anonymized data, or data where personally identifiable information has been removed, may be provided to advertisers, advertising networks and social networks that require the data to select and serve relevant advertisements to you and others.
We may also use aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target. We may make use of information we have collected from you to enable us to comply with our advertisers' wishes by displaying their advertisement to that target audience;
We work with selected third-party companies that provide a broad range of online solutions. It is sometimes necessary for us or our affiliates to provide these companies with access to limited personal information about our users. In such cases we will share only
the personal information required to for these companies to perform their functions and will not allow them to use this data for any other purposes;
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our Site.
If the Artist that controls this Site or substantially all of its assets is acquired by a third party, in which case personal information held by it may be one of the transferred assets and may be disclosed to potential buyers;
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation, in response to a lawful request by public, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or
safety of Artist or its affiliates, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction;
To any other third party with your prior consent to do so.
Back to Top
STORAGE AND TRANSFER OF DATA
All the information you provide may be processed and stored, transferred or accessed by entities around the world as described in this policy. By submitting your information and using our Site, you consent to this transfer, storing or processing,
consistent with applicable law. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
The security of your personal information is important to us. We have implemented appropriate technical, administrative, and physical controls to protect information about you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables
you to access certain parts of our Site, you are responsible for keeping this password safe. Do not share a password with anyone.
Back to Top
YOUR RIGHT TO OBTAIN, CHANGE OR REMOVE YOUR INFORMATION
You can opt out of receiving any further messages from BubbleUp LLC or anyone with whom we share your data (as described above) at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions in any message sent to you, or by contacting us by
email at info@bubbleup.net.
You have the right to access the personal information we hold about you. To view the personal information, we hold about you or if you have any questions or comments concerning this Privacy Policy, please write to us at our principal address provided,
attention: Privacy Officer. You can also send an email to info@bubbleup.net. If you find any errors in your personal information, please contact us and we will try to correct the error or explain
how you can correct it.
Back to Top
OTHER WEBSITES
Our site may contain links to other websites which are outside our control and are not covered by this Privacy Policy. If you access other sites using the links provided, the operators of these sites may collect and process information from you in a way
which is different to how we do so. Please review the Privacy Policy notices on those sites for further details.
Back to Top
INFORMATION ABOUT COOKIES AND TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
We may use cookies:
to collect anonymized data on users' behaviour on the site. We may also capture which sites a user has come from, and which sites they go to, along with demographic data. We may use that data to analyse user behaviour across multiple sites;
to categorize pools of users (on an anonymized basis) based on demographic and/or behavioural data and use this to: (1) target advertising to cookie-ed users on third party websites and affiliate websites; and/or (2) use that data to allow targeted third party
advertising to categorized cookie-ed users either in respect of advertising placement Artist has bought/placed and targeted to users on behalf of third parties
or in respect of advertising bought/placed by third parties and targeted to cookie pools Artist
has sold to these third parties.
Our Site may use Google AdSense to publish advertisements. When you view or click on an advertisement, a cookie will be set to help better provide advertisements that may be of interest to you on this and other websites. For more information on Google's
use of cookies visit Google's Advertising and Privacy page: http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html.
Our Site may use specific Google Analytics features including remarketing (advertising our
products to you after you have visited our Site); demographics and interest reporting (obtaining general demographic and interest information from Google); and impression reporting (information on the impact of our advertisements). You may opt out of Google
Analytics here. Most internet browsers are automatically set up to accept cookies. If you want to refuse or delete any cookies (or similar technologies), please refer to the help and support area on your internet browser for instructions on how to block or
delete cookies. Please note you may not be able to take advantage of all the features of our Site, including certain personalized features, if you delete or disable cookies. For more information on managing cookies, please go to
www.allaboutcookies.org, or visit www.youronlinechoices.eu which has further information about behavioural advertising and online privacy.
You may view and opt-out of tracking cookies for any company that participates in the Digital Advertising Alliance Consumer Choice program at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/.
Back to Top
WEB BEACONS AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
We, or our third-party partners, may employ a software technology called web beacons. Web beacons are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to let us know when content is viewed. In contrast to cookies, which are
stored on a user's computer hard drive, web beacons are embedded invisibly on web pages. We, or our third-party partners, may tie the information gathered by web beacons to the other information we collect about you.
Back to Top
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We may modify, alter or otherwise update this Privacy Policy at any time. We will indicate any changes by updating the date at the top of the policy. We encourage you to review this policy from time to time. Any changes we make will be effective immediately
when we post a revised version of these Terms on the Site. The "Last Updated" date above will tell you when this policy was last revised. By continuing to use this Site after that date, you agree to the changes. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, do not
continue to use the Site.
Back to Top
ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY ONLY
This online Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through our Site and not to information collected offline.
Back to Top
CONTACTING US
If there are any questions regarding this Privacy Policy you may contact us using the information below.info@bubbleup.net.