http://www.moviequotes.com/topic/privacy/
Follow us onRegister / Log inToggle navigationUser areaToggle search bar Movie Quotes
TV Series Quotes
Cartoon Quotes
Actors' Thoughts
A-Z List BlogRegister / Log in
HomeTopic "privacy"Privacy quotes
88 privacy quotes, film quotes, movie lines, taglines
Sort by ...DateRatesCommentsRandommore on this quote ››“Think twice before burdening a friend with a secret.”Marlene Dietrich
[Tag:privacy]
La trovi in
Gossipmore on this quote ››“All young actors dream of success, but it's a bitter kind of thing for man, you lose the most valuable thing in the world, privacy.”Yul Brynner
[Tag:actors, ambition, privacy]
La trovi in
Gossipmore on this quote ››“I try to lie as much as I can when I'm interviewed. It's reverse psychology. I figure if you lie, they'll print the truth.”River Phoenix
[Tag:interview, lies, privacy]
La trovi in
Reputation and Popularitymore on this quote ››“If we don't know about the private lives of other actors, that leaves us as clean slates when it comes to playing characters. That's the point, they can create these other characters and I can believe them.”Christian Bale
[Tag:actors, privacy]
La trovi in
Gossipmore on this quote ››“Performers should be judged only by their work on-stage - too much is made of their personal lives.”Barbara Harris
[Tag:judgment, privacy]
La trovi in
Gossipmore on this quote ››“Often press people ask questions that are so personal that even your nearest and dearest wouldn't ask them.”Maggie Smith
[Tag:interview, press, privacy]
From the movie: Indiana Jones and the Last Crusademore on this quote ››“- Professor Henry Jones: Did I ever tell you to eat up, go to bed, wash your ears, do your homework? No, I respected your privacy and I taught you self-reliance.- Indiana Jones: What you taught me, is that I was less important to you than people that have been dead for several hundered years and in other countries, and I learned it so well,...” (continue)(continue reading)Sir Sean Connery - Professor Henry Jones
Harrison Ford - Indiana Jones
[Tag:education, privacy, worth]
From the TV Series: Stranger Things more on this quote ››“If you don’t mind, for the sake of your poor old dad, keep the door open three inches.”David Harbour - Jim Hopper
[Tag:daughter, father, privacy]
more on this quote ››“Even though I'm an actor, I don't love sharing everything about myself. It's always good to keep a little bit for yourself.”Theo James
[Tag:actors, privacy]
more on this quote ››“You want your privacy as a human being.”Peter Dinklage
[Tag:privacy]
more on this quote ››“There's not much of me for people to follow around. I like maintaining that and I don't seek out fame.”Rebecca Ferguson
[Tag:fame, privacy]
From the movie: Harveymore on this quote ››“- Veta Louise Simmons: Doctor, everything I say to you is confidential, isn't it?- Dr. Sanderson: I am not a gossip, Mrs. Simmons. I am a psychiatrist.”Josephine Hull - Veta Louise Dowd Simmons
Charles Drake - Dr. Raymond Sanderson
[Tag:privacy, psychiatry, secrets]
From the movie: The Addams Familymore on this quote ››“- Parker: My mom must've built hidden cameras into everybody's homes.- Wednesday Addams: I believe the word is psychotic.”Elsie Fisher - Parker
Chloë Grace Moretz - Wednesday Addams
[Tag:madness, privacy]
La trovi in
Actors in real lifemore on this quote ››“In my entire life, I have ten people that are the closest people to me. They're my family, and I really don't mesh worlds that often.”Rosa Salazar
[Tag:family, privacy]
From the movie: Meet Me in Las Vegasmore on this quote ››“- Chuck Rodwell: Look, baby!- Maria Corvier: Please stop calling me baby or honey or bunny!- Chuck Rodwell: I'm sorry, I don't know your name.- Maria Corvier: I don't want you to!”Dan Dailey - Chuck Rodwell
Cyd Charisse - Maria Corvier
[Tag:name, privacy]
more on this quote ››“I'm a private person; I stick to my neighbourhood and eat in my little restaurants.”Juno Temple
[Tag:privacy]
From the movie: Rocketmanmore on this quote ››“I'm not the man they think I am at home. Oh no no no, I'm a rocketman!”Taron Egerton - Elton John
[Tag:musicians, privacy]
From the movie: Disturbiamore on this quote ››“I really feel oblidged to tell you that I rather enjoy my privacy. You see the world is in a heightened state of paranoia and I tend to think that someone as intelligent and attractive as you doesen't need to be wasting her time... stoking the fire.”David Morse - Mr. Turner
[Tag:madness, privacy]
From the movie: The Great Gatsbymore on this quote ››“He gives large parties, and I like large parties, they're so intimate. Small parties, there isn't any privacy.”Elizabeth Debicki - Jordan Baker
[Tag:party, privacy]
From the movie: The Man Without a Facemore on this quote ››- Justin McLeod: I like privacy.- Charles E. "Chuck" Norstadt: Well, what about living alone? Do you like that?- Justin McLeod: It likes me.Mel Gibson - Justin McLeod
Nick Stahl - Charles E. "Chuck" Norstadt
[Tag:like, privacy, solitude]
La trovi in
Gossipmore on this quote ››“I sometimes lie, especially about personal things, because what does it matter?”River Phoenix
[Tag:interview, lies, privacy]
La trovi in
Reputation and Popularitymore on this quote ››“I hear about stars being torn to pieces by fans. It never happened to me and I never saw it happen to anyone else.”Alan Ladd
[Tag:fame, privacy, public]
La trovi in
Reputation and Popularitymore on this quote ››“As long as my pictures go into theaters and we ask people to pay to see what I do on the screen, I should not object if customers want to know what kind of man I am.”Alan Ladd
[Tag:movie, privacy, public]
La trovi in
Reputation and Popularitymore on this quote ››“If there's anything unsettling to the stomach, it's watching actors on television talk about their personal lives.”Marlon Brando
[Tag:actors, privacy, talking]
La trovi in
Actors in real lifemore on this quote ››“You cannot have one bathroom. And it don't matter how much you love your wife and everything, 'cause you wind up with no room at all. You just get a little corner, and you've got a toothbrush and your paste and a shaving brush and a razor.”Sir Michael Caine
[Tag:house, marriage, privacy]
‹‹ previous1234next ››Highlights
On this topicAlan Ladd(1913 - 1964)
actor
River Phoenix(1970 - 1993)
actor,
musician,
activist
John Corbett(1961)
actor
Rosa Salazar(1985)
actor
Peter Dinklage(1969)
actor
Yul Brynner(1920 - 1985)
actor
Michael Rooker(1955)
actor
Marlene Dietrich(1901 - 1992)
actor,
singer
Jena Malone(1984)
actor,
singer
Liev Schreiber(1967)
actor,
scriptwriter,
film director
curiosity
body
father
relationships
face
badness
ambition
doctors
biography
investigation
genitalia
cheating
family
helping
hollywood
sex
cleanliness
public
ability
gossip
absence
books
homosexuality
girl
house
interview
denial
cars
home
fame
lies
acting
actors
secrets
madness
celebrity
education
daughter
questions
Take a look here
Gossip
Reputation and Popularity
Actors in real life
Follow us onAbout UsContact UsWhat's NewPrivacy PolicyMovieQuotes.com © 1998-2020 | All rights reserved