http://www.rarb.org/privacy/
RARB.org
Home
Reviews
Albums
Singles
Upcoming
Features
Picks
Artists
About
Info
The Staff
Get Reviewed
Your browser does not support our new site design, so some things might not display or function properly.
We suggest upgrading to Google Chrome, Firefox, or Internet Explorer 9+ for the optimal experience.
Privacy Policy
Updated May 25, 2018
How We Collect and Use Information
We collect information from you when you submit your album for review using our online registration form.
When registering your album or single on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your e-mail address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
We may also send you an automatic notification when the review of your album or single is live on our site. To opt out of this notification, contact the Technical Director at mmarcus@rarb.org.
RARB does not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Third-party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include links to third-party products or websites (such as download links for albums) on our site. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
General Data Privacy Regulation (GDPR)
RARB does not specifically target our content to the EU or conduct business in or to the EU in any meaningful way. If the data that you provide to us in the course of your use of our site or services or products is governed by GDPR, we will abide by the relevant portions of the regulation. If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), or are accessing this site from within the EEA, you may have the right to request: access to, correction of, deletion of; portability of; and restriction or objection to processing, of your personal data, from us. This includes the "right to be forgotten." To make any of these requests, please contact our Technical Director at mmarcus@rarb.org.
Terms of Use
Please also visit our Terms of Use page establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at http://www.rarb.org/terms.html
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to this privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date at the top of this page.
How To Get Your Work Reviewed
To have your album (2 or more tracks) reviewed by RARB, please email us with your name, group name and album title. You will receive a response with information on how to register your album in our system.
To have your digital single reviewed by RARB, please fill out our online singles registration form.
×