http://www.circagallery.org/privacy-and-policies
Exhibitions
Artists
News
Contact
Menu
the fine printRETURNSAll sales are final. Due to the nature of our business model, which pays individual artists for their original work, we cannot issue refunds. If you are unsatisfied with the artwork you purchased, we can issue a credit for a future purchase at the gallery if: a) you notify the gallery of your desire to return the work within 7 days of purchase (or within 7 days of receipt for shipped work), and b) the work is returned to the gallery in the same excellent condition it was sold in.We cannot issue credit for work damaged by means not due to our error.If artwork that you purchased from the gallery is damaged during shipment to you, this must be handled with the shipping company. If an insurance claim is warranted, you must keep all pieces of the damaged packing materials and/or artwork, and take extensive photos of the damage. If you suspect artwork may be damaged upon delivery, take extensive photos of the packaging before opening. An insurance claim is not possible if all pieces of packaging and artwork are not kept. When shipping artwork, we always require an adult signature upon delivery; however, if a package containing artwork is stolen or lost in transit, we cannot issue a credit for the work—this must be handled with the shipping company or local law enforcement. EVENTS AND RENTALSIf you are renting the gallery for a private event, you will be asked to sign a waiver that addresses the following items. The information in this section serves only as a summary, and not a binding contract for event rentals. All questions or disputes must address the waiver itself. Please email any questions to events@circagallery.org. A 50% non-refundable deposit is due with signed rental agreement and liability contract. Balance is due five business days before event. Events exceeding agreed upon time will be immediately billed. The Renter is responsible for any and all damages that occur as a result of the event including damages to the building, fixtures, equipment, artwork and personal property. CIRCA Gallery will bill the Renter for the repair or replacement charges after the event.It is the responsibility of the Renter to ensure the cleanliness of the Gallery after rental. We simply expect that the Gallery be left in the clean condition guests enjoyed upon arrival. Thus, we require a cleaning deposit of $200 that will be returned upon inspection of the Gallery per the decision of the House Manager. Cleanup must occur during the previously agreed-upon time frame; if cleanup extends beyond, Renter will be charged at double the house manager fee ($60/hour). More specific guidelines for the cleaning and inspection process are outlined in the Event Rental Policy document and waiver. For more information, please email events@circagallery.org. No food may be cooked, grilled, fried, or prepared on the premises. There is an area in our storage room that can be used for catering staging. Absolutely NO confetti or glitter is allowed on the premises.PRIVACYWe respect your privacy.We will never share your information with anyone outside of our organization without your express consent.Information you share with us via our website, in the gallery, or through email is kept confidential. If you would like to unsubscribe from our mailing list, please send us an email or click here. Our mailing list is managed by Squarespace, here is a link to their privacy policy. If you would like to stop receiving postcards, please email or call us to be removed from our postal mailing list.If you would like to request a record of your personal information and/or have your personal information deleted, please reach out to us via phone, email, or stop by the gallery. Our contact information can be found at the bottom of this page.Our site uses cookies to track analytics of our visitors to see how many visitors our site has and how they are using it, to help us better understand how we can best serve our visitors. We partner our website with Google Analytics to see how our visitors find us across the web, here is a link to Google's privacy policy and how they partner with our site here. Our site is managed by Squarespace, here is a link to their privacy policy.Here's a list of the cookies our site uses:Name: Crumb, Duration: Session, Purpose: Prevents cross-site request forgery (CSRF). CSRF is an attack vector that tricks a browser into taking unwanted action in an application when someone’s logged in. Name: RecentRedirect, Duration: 30 minutes, Purpose: Prevents redirect loops if a site has custom URL redirects. Name: squarespace-popup-overlay, Duration: Persistent, Purpose: Prevents the Promotional Pop-Up from displaying if a visitor dismisses it. Name: squarespace-announcement-bar, Duration: Persistent, Purpose: Prevents the Announcement Bar from displaying if a visitor dismisses it. Name: ss_cid, Duration: 2 years, Purpose: Identifies unique visitors and tracks a visitor’s sessions on a site. Name: ss_cvr, Duration: 2 years, Purpose: Identifies unique visitors and tracks a visitor’s sessions on a site. Name: ss_cvisit, Duration: 30 minutes, Purpose: Identifies unique visitors and tracks a visitor’s sessions on a site. Name: ss_cvt, Duration: 30 minutes, Purpose: Identifies unique visitors and tracks a visitor’s sessions on a site. Name: ss_cpvisit, Duration: 2 years, Purpose: Identifies unique visitors and tracks a visitor’s sessions on a site. Name: ss_cookieAllowed, Duration: 30 days, Purpose: Remembers if a visitor agreed to placing Analytics cookies on their browser if a site is restricting the placement of cookies.