http://www.pickathon.com/privacy/
Jul 30-Aug 2
Menu
close
Menu
HomeLineupTicketsMerchInfoBlogVideoSubscribe
Privacy Policy
Photo by Tim LaBarge
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Pickathon LLC collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the pickathon.com website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Pickathon LLC.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Pickathon LLC may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
– To process payments
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
– To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
Pickathon LLC has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Pickathon LLC
pickathon.com
Pickathon LLC PO Box 13721 Portland, Oregon 97213
info@pickathon.com
This document was last updated on March 06, 2015
Blog
December 1, 2020
Pickathon Solstice Party Livestream
July 29, 2020
Pickathon At Home
June 29, 2020
2020 Merch Flash Sale
See more
Newsletter
Stay up to date on the latest news and special offers.
See you at the farm!
First Name
Last Name
Zip Code (US only)
Email Address
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Follow
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Spotify
iTunes
Tumblr
YouTube
Contact
info@pickathon.com
Pickathon LLC
2500 NE Sandy Blvd, Suite G
Portland, OR 97232
Pendarvis farm
16581 SE Hagen Rd.Happy Valley, Oregon 97086
© 1998-2020 Pickathon LLC • privacy policy • terms & conditions • Website humbly designed in Portland, Oregon by Clearform LLC