http://www.unknowncountry.com/privacy-policy/
Social
Skip to content
Privacy Policy and Posting Rules
By using or accessing the unknowncountry.com website, you agree to the terms of this online privacy policy and to our posting rules. If you do not agree, do not use or access this site. These terms may change without notice, and any continuing use of this site indicates that you agree with these terms.
Personal information
This site collects personal information about you only when you explicitly send requested information to us. Information is collected when you open a subscription, when you join the E-mail notification list, become a site user, and when you register with this site’s message board. We obtain the minimum amount of information needed and do not sell it to third parties.
The site uses “cookies” in order to track your activities when you use the subscriber area and free message board. A “cookie” is a very small amount of data sent to your browser by the website. It can only be read by the site that sent it to you, and can never be used to transmit viruses or other harmful code. You can configure your browser to reject all cookies. If you choose to do this, you will not be able to use the subscriber area.
The mailing list
Personal information collected in order to join the E-mail list is your E-mail address. Our E-mail list is private. It is not shared with third parties and will not be sold or transferred or used for any purpose except e-mailing news and announcements from Whitley Strieber and Unknowncountry.com.
The message boards
Personal information collected in order to register with this site’s message boards includes your E-mail address. When you register with the message boards, you are sent a username and password to your E-mail address. This is used to identify you as a registered user of the message boards, which allows you to post messages. You do not need to register if you only wish to read messages. Your E-mail address is not used in any way except to identify you as a registered message board user, and you can configure your message board account to hide all information about you, including your E-mail address, from other users.
Posting rules
These rules apply to all posting on Unknowncountry.com, including our free message boards, our comments section and our chat room, and to comments in our video meeting areas. Argument is fine and the posting of information is encouraged. But direct statements disparaging other posters are not allowed and will be removed, as will hate speech that expresses prejudice against people because of race or religion or for any reason whatsoever, and the posting of hate speech or links to hate oriented websites will result in the removal of the poster’s access to this website. Also, links to commercial websites that sell products are not allowed. The placement of advertising in any of our posting areas is prohibited. Identifiable falsehoods or links to such falsehoods or “fake news” may be removed or tagged for other users as probable falsehoods. All decisions in regard to these matters are made by Unknowncountry.com staff and are final. Unknowncountry is owned by Walker & Colllier, Inc., a private company.
2009-09-08
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYou must be logged in to post a comment.
Search
Become A Subscriber
Get access to the world's most amazing archives of any kind anywhere!
Join Now
NewsletterSign up for our free weekly newsletter and never miss a thing!
Email *Select list(s) to subscribe to Yes, I would like to receive emails from WHITLEY STRIEBER'S UNKNOWN COUNTRY. (You can unsubscribe anytime)Constant Contact Use.By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: Unknowncountry, 1248 Austin Highway, San Antonio, TX, 78209, https://www.unknowncountry.com. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact
The SpeakEasy
Enjoy Our Free Message Board
JOIN NOW
Latest For Subscribers!December 9, 2020The Experience PodcastMeet The New PsychicsDecember 4, 2020Dreamland PodcastPsychokinesis, NDEs, a Beautiful Anne Strieber Contact and Much, Much More!December 1, 2020The Experience PodcastMaking A Children’s Book In A Mad WorldNovember 27, 2020Dreamland PodcastTeacher, Genius, Lunatic–With Jeremy Vaeni, Choose All Three!New ObservationsThe Wisdom of SophiaNews By Subjectanimals
Anne Strieber
asteroid
Asteroid
brain
brain
climate change
climate change
crop circles
diary
drought
earth
Earthdayeveryday
Earth day every day
earthquake
earthquake
flu
food
Global Warming
internet
iraq
Jeremy Vaeni
journal
LInda Moulton Howe
Mars
mars
Meditation
NASA
obesity
pollution
science
solar
Space
starstuff
Sun
superstorm
terrorism
terrorism
ufo
UFO
UFOs
ufos
unsolved mysteries
visitors
William Henry
CONTACT US | SUBSCRIBE NOW | ADVERTISE WITH US  |  COPYRIGHT  |  PRIVACY POLICY AND POSTING RULES
Copyright © 2020 Walker & Collier, Inc.
This site uses only cookies essential to its functioning and internal reporting. It does not sell user information.
(If you do not accept cookies, the subscriber area cannot work properly after you log in.)OKPrivacy Policy and Posting Rules