https://www.theplace.org.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
About The Place
Departments
Venue Hire & Events
History
Location
Contact
Vacancies
Help
Equality, Diversity and Inclusion Committee
We are 50
Privacy Policy
In this section you will find information on this website's privacy policy and use of data, under the following headings:
Our privacy commitment
Personal Information
Log files
Cookies
Google Analytics
Third-party cookies
Other websites
Use and disclosure of Personal Information
Use of third part data processors
How we protect information
Surveys and Promotions
Correcting/updating Personal Information
Users under 18
1. Our privacy commitment
The theplace.org.uk website is owned and operated by Contemporary Dance Trust Ltd, which trades as The Place (hereafter referred to as "The Place"). We are committed to safeguarding your privacy online and to this end have developed the following Privacy Policy to deal with issues which may concern you. Please read the Privacy Policy to understand how your personal information will be treated. This policy may change from time to time so please check it periodically.
2. Personal Information
The personal data you provide us with by using our services (like purchasing tickets online, in person or over the phone or signing up to our newsletter) will be held and processed securely through our website host and Customer Relationship Management (CRM) system. This data (personal information) can include your name, address, email address, telephone number, country of residence and credit and debit card details
This information will be used for operational purposes such as the processing of bookings and orders. In order to process a transaction, your Personal Information and card details may be passed to third party service providers. Card details will only be used for the purpose of handling an individual transaction.
From time to timewe will also send you emails to promote events based on your past booking trends. We will only do so if we feel we have a genuine reason to contact you that doesn’t harm your rights and interest. Each email we send you offers you the opportunity to opt out or amend these preferences, or you can ask us to do this, by e-mailing info@theplace.org.uk.
We may from time to time ask you for further information in order to update our records or for particular purposes. We will always tell you how we will use any further information received from you.
3. Log files
Every time someone visits our web site a log file is generated on our server.
The log file records the time and date of your visit, the files that were requested, your IP (Internet Protocol) address, the referrer URL (if provided) and the browser version. We collect this information to help us diagnose problems and administer our systems and to audit the geographical make-up of users and how they have arrived at our site; that is, from what other sites have visitors arrived - this information being obtained from the referrer URL.
We do not normally link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, which means that you remain anonymous even though we include your IP address in our aggregate information. However, we can and will attempt to use IP addresses to identify a user when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our terms and conditions, or to protect our services and other users.
4. Cookies
Cookies are pieces of data that a website can transfer to an individual’s computer hard drive for record keeping. Cookies are used to make websites easier to use by storing information about your preferences on a particular website and for marketing purposes. The information may remain on your computer after the Internet session finishes and you leave the website but you can delete them using some browsers, manually or using system utilities. Most internet browsers are pre-set to accept cookies.
If you prefer not to receive cookies, you can adjust your internet browser to refuse cookies or to warn you when cookies are being used. This site will work more efficiently if receipt of cookies is enabled but it will still operate correctly if you disable cookies.
Visiting this site with your browser settings adjusted to accept cookies tells us that you consent to our use of cookies as described in this notice.
For more information on cookies and their uses, you may like to visit:www.google.co.uk/search?hl=en&q=cookieswww.cookiecentral.com/faq/www.allaboutcookies.org
Please note that we are not responsible for information available on these websites.
4.1 Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to collect information about how our visitors use and navigate this website. We use this information to report to funders such as the Arts Council England and the Office for Students, and to analyse usage of the website so that we can continually work to add new features and improve your experience of it.
The cookies collect information such as the number of visitors to the site, which pages they visited and whereabouts they came to the site from. This information is anonymous and cannot be used to identify you personally.
4.2 Third-party cookies
During your visits to this website you may be delivered cookies by third-party websites. When you visit a page with content embedded from, for example, Facebook, Twitter or YouTube, you may be presented with cookies from these websites. The Place does not control the dissemination of these cookies. You should check the third-party websites for more information about these.
5. Other websites
This website may contain links to other websites which are outside our control and are not covered by this privacy notice. If you access other sites using the links provided, the operators of these sites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policy, which may differ from ours.
6. Use and disclosure of Personal Information
If you contact us we reserve the right to keep a record of that correspondence and incorporate the information it contains into our database.  We may keep personally identifiable information associated with your message, such as your name or email address, so that we can refer to it if you contact us again in future.
If we are requested by the police or a regulatory or government authority investigating illegal activities to provide information concerning your activities whilst using the network we shall do so. Similarly, we will disclose your Personal Information as part of a transaction whereby our company or business assets are transferred to a third party or if we are compelled to do so by law.
7. Use of third part Data Processors
We use third party Data Processors to collect and process some of the data you provide. We ensure that these data processors process and store your data securely and do not share your data with anyone other than The Place.
8. How we protect information
We take every precaution to protect your information. To this end all Personal Information stored by us is kept on a server in a secure environment. Only employees and approved contractors/developers we may appoint from time to time and who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information.
Regular security reviews are held by us to ensure that the site remains safe and secure for your protection.
9. Surveys and promotions
From time to time we conduct surveys and promotions and may request information from you as part of these. Participation in these is entirely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose any information which might be required. We may also ask you whether you would like to receive promotional emails and mailings from us about our other products or services. Similarly, you are under no obligation to accept such information (see opt-out link above).
10. Correcting/updating Personal Information
If you would like to revise the information provided to us at any time, or feel what we currently have on record is incorrect, you may update the information by e-mailing info@theplace.org.uk.  We will correct, update or remove the Personal Information provided to us as speedily as possible.  You are also entitled to request a paper or electronic copy of all the personal information we hold concerning you in our records, or ask for your information to be removed from our records.
11. Users under 18
If you are under 18, please ensure that you obtain your parent/guardian's consent beforehand whenever you provide Personal Information to the website. Users without such consent are not allowed to provide us with Personal Information.
Privacy Policy
Accessibility; website
Our Service To You
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
The Place Theatre Ticketing Policy
Public complaints procedure
In this section:
About The Place
Departments
Venue Hire & Events
History
Location
Contact
Vacancies
Help
Equality, Diversity and Inclusion Committee
We are 50