http://www.seattlepromusica.org/privacy
Concerts
2019-20 Season
Full Calendar
Venues
Plan Your Visit
Past Seasons
Listen & Watch
Audio
Video
CD Store
About
Mission & History
Awards & Recognition
Community Engagement
Members & Culture
Board of Directors
Auditions
Staff
Opportunities
Support
Donate
Sponsorship
Volunteer
Auction
Procurement Form
Contact
Donate
Privacy PolicyThe Seattle Pro Musica website ("Site") is owned and operated by Seattle Pro Musica, a Washington non-profit corporation ("SPM"). SPM promises to protect the personal information given to us by visitors to our website. Any information that you give to SPM will be held with the utmost care, and will not be used in any way to which you have not already consented. COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATIONMuch of the general information on the Site can be accessed without needing to register or log in; we therefore collect no information about you whatsoever when you are accessing these generic areas of our website.Opt-In E-Mail lists:  You may opt-in to receive periodic e-mail updates from us about our upcoming concerts, CD releases, and other news about SPM’s activities.  You may change your e-mail alert settings—or opt-out of receiving any future alerts—at any time.  Email admin@seattlepromusica.org to update your subscription preferences.Browser information collected on the website: As with many website operators, SPM analyzes our website logs to constantly improve the value of our website to our visitors. We use an external service to provide real-time reporting to us and our authorized agents of browser accesses to our site. This includes the IP addresses used to access our site, page views, unique views, unique visitors, repeat visitors, frequency of visits, and peak-volume traffic periods.Use of cookies:  We may use cookies on our website to provide each visitor with a personalized experience. Cookies are small data files that are downloaded onto your computer when you visit our site and that automatically identify your browser to our server whenever you interact with our site. No personal information is stored in the cookies themselves. We use cookies to track use of our site. We do not share cookies with any other sites. If you prefer not to allow us to collect cookie information, you can block cookies by modifying your browser preferences.E-Commerce:  We sell concert tickets, CDs, and other merchandise through our online store.  To purchase items from SPM online you will need to provide personal information including your e-mail address and credit card billing address.  After processing your transaction we may use the information you provided to send you news about our organization and upcoming events, via e-mail or postal mail.Exchange of mailing lists:  Occasionally SPM exchanges mailing list with other arts organizations.  If you would prefer not to have your personal information released outside of SPM you may opt out at any time by emailing admin@seattlepromusica.org.DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATIONExcept as disclosed in this policy, SPM does not sell, rent, loan, trade, or lease personal information collected on our website to any third party. However, information must be released in response to subpoenas or other court orders, and may be released to law enforcement agencies in connection with criminal investigations.EXTERNAL LINKSThe Site may provide links to various websites that SPM does not control. When you click on one of these links, you will be transferred out of our website and connected to the website of the organization or company that you selected. Even if an affiliation exists between our Site and a third party website, we exercise no control over linked sites. Each of these linked sites maintains its own independent privacy and data collection practices and procedures. If you visit a website that is linked to our site, you should consult that site's privacy policy before providing any personal information.TERMS AND MODIFICATIONS TO PRIVACY POLICYBy using the Site, you signify your agreement to the terms of this privacy policy. If you do not agree with these terms, please do not disclose any personal information through the Site. SPM may modify this privacy policy at any time at its discretion and modifications are effective upon being posted on the Site. You are responsible for reviewing this privacy policy periodically to ensure that you are aware of any changes to it.CONTACTING SPM ABOUT PRIVACYIf you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy on the Site, please contact us at admin@seattlepromusica.org.This policy was last updated on February 8, 2008.