https://www.pembrokeshirecoast.wales/planning/planning-policy/local-development-plan-2/appraisal-processes/
Jump to Main content
Highlight Links
High contrast Mode
Readable Fonts
Greyscale Mode
Invert Mode
XClose this tab
Search for:
Search
Sustainability Appraisal incorporating Strategic Environmental Assessment
Sustainability Appraisal is a requirement for Local Development Plans under the Planning and Compulsory Purchase Act 2004. The goal of the Sustainability Appraisal is to ensure the Plan contributes to the achievement of Sustainable Development. The Sustainability Appraisal of the Local Development Plan incorporates a Strategic Environmental Assessment in accordance with European Union Directive 2001/42/EC.
Scoping – This stage is closed for comment
The first stage of the Sustainability Appraisal of the Local Development Plan is the Scoping stage which sets the scope of the subsequent environmental report in terms of the context and baseline information. The Scoping report also sets out the key sustainability issues being considered in the assessment and the criterion for the assessment itself.
Scoping Report
Preferred Strategy – This stage is closed for comment
The initial Sustainability Appraisal report considered the impacts of the proposals set out in the Replacement Local Development Plan Preferred Strategy on the Sustainability Appraisal Objectives, which were identified in the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park Replacement Local Development Plan Sustainability Appraisal Scoping Report.
A non-technical summary was also provided to help facilitate engagement.
Preferred Strategy Sustainability Appraisal report
Appendix A Detailed Policy Appraisal Final Draft
Appendix B Detailed Options Appraisal Final Draft
Appendix C PPP
Appendix D Baseline
The Deposit Plan – This stage is closed for comment
The Deposit Sustainability Appraisal report represents an update to the Initial Sustainability Appraisal Report, incorporating changes arising from the consultation on that report, as well as assessing any new policies and options arising from consultation on the Replacement Preferred Strategy. In addition, the Deposit Sustainability Appraisal includes the assessment of the potential housing allocations in the Deposit Replacement Local Development Plan.
Draft Initial Sustainability Appraisal non-technical summary
Deposit Appendix A Detailed Policy Appraisal Deposit
Appendix B Detailed Options Appraisal Deposit
Appendix C Site Allocations Appraisal
Appendix D PPP
Appendix E Baseline
SA Report Deposit
Submission/Focussed Changes – This stage is closed for comment
Sustainability Appraisal Focussed Changes
Sustainability Appraisal – Matters Arising Changes
Sustainability Appraisal Adoption
Final SA Report
The Final Sustainability Appraisal Report accompanies the Local Development Plan 2. Changes were made as a result of the Examination process. These changes and their impact on the Sustainability Appraisal are detailed in the Matters Arising Changes Addendum. Changes to policy numbering and order in the adopted Local Development Plan 2 are not reflected in the Sustainability Appraisal Report documentation. Please refer to the Conversion Table  when reading the Final SA Report.
No changes to the Sustainability Appraisal came about during the Focussed Changes stage of the plan preparation process – see above for links.
Conversion Table
Matters Arising Changes Addendum
Focussed Changes Report
Deposit Plan
Appendix A Detailed Policy Appraisal Deposit
Appendix B Detailed Options Appraisal Deposit
Appendix C Site Allocations Appraisal
Appendix D PPP
Appendix E Baseline
Habitat Regulations Assessment
Habitats Regulations Assessment of the Local Development Plan is required to ensure the Plan has no adverse impact on any Natura 2000 site and to meet the requirements of the European Directives 92/43/EEC (the ‘Habitats Directive’) and 79/409/EEC (the ‘Birds Directive’).
Natura 2000 sites are a network of sites to protect habitats and species of European importance designated as either Special Areas of Conservation (SACs) or Special Protection Areas (SPAs). More information on Natura 2000 sites can be found on the website of the Joint Nature Conservation Committee.
Deposit Plan Assessment – This stage is now closed for comment
Assessment
Summary of Assessment
Submission/Focussed Changes – This stage is closed for comment
Habitats Regulations Assessment September 2018
Habitats Regulations Assessment – Matters Arising Changes
Equalities Impact Assessment
The Public Equality Duty requires the Authority to have due regard to the need to eliminate discrimination, promote equality of opportunity and foster good relations between different communities. This means that, in the formative stages of our policies, procedure, practice or guidelines, the Authority needs to take into account what impact its decisions will have on people who are protected under the Equality Act 2010 (people who share a protected characteristic of age, sex, race, disability, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, pregnancy and maternity, and religion or belief).
The Replacement Local Development Plan will be subject to an Equality Impact Assessment in line with the Equality Act 2010. There are two stages to an Equality Impact Assessment:
Screening – due to the nature of the Local Development Plan it has been decided that a full Equality Impact Assessment was needed and as a result a screening exercise was not undertaken.
Assessment Preferred Strategy
(closed for comment)
Assessment Deposit Plan
A summary is also provided.
Submission
Matters Arising Changes
Discover more about LDP2
Supplementary Planning Guidance (LDP2)
Read more
Sustainability Appraisal Scoping Report
The Sustainability Appraisal Scoping Report sets out the sustainability appraisal issues and objectives/criteria against which the Replacement Local D...
Read more
Preparation Stages
These are the stages in preparing a replacement Local Development Plan.
Read more
LDP Review Report
The Review Report sets out where changes are required, what needs to change and why, based on evidence.
Read more
Delivery Agreement
The Delivery Agreement is a public statement that contains a Timetable for preparing a Revision of a Local Development Plan setting out how and when s...
Read more
Community Council Workshops
Community and Town Councils can provide a central source of information for their local communities, help to raise awareness of the LDP process and ar...
Read more
Background papers
These Background Papers will be updated and added to throughout the preparation of the Plan.
Read more
Get In Touch
Contact us and register your details to get the latest updates on what's happening in the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park.
Contact Us
Cookie Policy
To help us make this website better, the cookie settings are set to ‘allow all cookies’. If you continue without changing these settings, you consent to this – for more information and to change this at any time, see our cookie policy and privacy policy.
I understand
View Basket
Checkout
Continue Shopping