http://www.lyrichord.com/pages/privacy-policy
Search
Home
Lyrichord
Lyrichord Classical & Early Music
Lyrichord World Music
Lyrichord Archive Series
Lyrichord DVDs
World Music
Africa
Caribbean
Central America
Central Asia
East Asia
Europe
Middle East/West Asia
New World Music Releases
North America
Oceania
South America
South Asia
Southeast Asia
Label Collections
JVC Smithsonian Folkways DVDs
Lyrichord Archive Recordings
Lyrichord Classical & Early Music
Lyrichord DVDs
Lyrichord World Music Recordings
Multicultural Media DVDs
Music & Society DVDs
Music of the Earth CDs
New Classical & Early Music Releases
New World Music Releases
Rootstock Publishing
Rootstock Recordings
Audio Downloads
Contact Us
About Us
Sign in
Create an Account
Menu
Cart 0
Home
›
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those concerned with how their ‘Personally Identifiable Information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT FROM THE PEOPLE WHO VISIT OUR BLOG, WEBSITE, OR APP?
When commenting or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, Website Address, or other details to help you with your experience.
WHEN DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form or enter information on our site, including when you leave a comment.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
We may use the information we collect from you when you sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To send periodic emails regarding events, products, and services.
To follow up with you after correspondence (i.e. comments or email inquiries)
DO WE USE ‘COOKIES’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember if you’ve already visited the site within a certain time period to prevent pop-up opt-in forms from showing too frequently. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved user experience on our site. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
WE USE COOKIES TO:
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services, such as Google Analytics and Facebook, that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since each browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, It won’t affect the user’s experience.
THIRD-PARTY DISCLOSURE
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. (See the cookie banner upon arrival to our site.) This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when its release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
THIRD-PARTY LINKS
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
AFFILIATE LINKS
Some third party links to products (such as books) may contain affiliate links that allow us to earn a small percentage of any purchases made at no extra cost to you as the buyer.
GOOGLE
Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users.
https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We use Google Analytics on our website.
Google, as a third-party vendor, may use cookies to serve ads on our site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
Note: This site does not use Google AdSense. We only use Google Analytics.
WE HAVE IMPLEMENTED THE FOLLOWING:
Demographics and Interests Reporting
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
OPTING OUT:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
CALIFORNIA ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. – See more at:
http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
ACCORDING TO CALOPPA, WE AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website. (This page is the Privacy Policy, located in the menu at the top of every page on this site.)
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can easily be found on the page(s) specified above.
YOU WILL BE NOTIFIED OF ANY PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES:
On our Privacy Policy Page
EMAIL MARKETING DATA PROCESSING:
We use MailChimp to manage our email marketing subscriber list and to send emails to our subscribers. MailChimp is a third-party provider, which may process your data using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our newsletter.
MailChimp’s privacy policy is available at https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
You can unsubscribe from our newsletter by clicking on the unsubscribe link provided at the end of each newsletter.
CAN CHANGE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION:
By selecting the Update Preferences link at the bottom of any and all emails.
HOW DOES OUR SITE HANDLE DO NOT TRACK SIGNALS?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
DOES OUR SITE ALLOW THIRD-PARTY BEHAVIORAL TRACKING?
It’s also important to note that we allow third-party behavioral tracking, including but not limited to Google Analytics, MailerLite, and Facebook Pixel.
COPPA (CHILDREN ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States’ consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Third-parties, including ad networks or plug-ins may collect PII from children under 13. Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
IN ORDER TO BE IN LINE WITH FAIR INFORMATION PRACTICES WE WILL TAKE THE FOLLOWING RESPONSIVE ACTION, SHOULD A DATA BREACH OCCUR:
We will notify the users via in-site notification:
Within 7 business days
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM ACT
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
Note: Your email address is only collected when you fill out a form or leave a comment on this website. Cookies are used by WordPress (this site’s web host), and plugins that run on this website, including but not limited to Google Analytics, Mailerlite (pop-up), and Facebook Pixel, to personalize your experience on this site as well as to help personalize ads you receive on other sites where ads are already being shown. You can disable cookies in your browser settings to prevent this type of tracking.
TO BE IN ACCORDANCE WITH CANSPAM, WE AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING:
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
IF AT ANY TIME YOU WOULD LIKE TO UNSUBSCRIBE FROM RECEIVING FUTURE EMAILS, YOU CAN:
Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email (Manage Preferences | Unsubscribe), and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
USER DATA REQUEST
To request your information that this site has collected and stored, please enter your email address in the box below, check the box to indicate your agreement, and click send/submit.
Top of Form
By using this form you agree with the storage and handling of your data by this website.
Bottom of Form
CONTACTING US
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
Multicultural Media/Lyrichord/Rootstock Publishing
www.worldmusicstore.com Attn: Stephen McArthur 27 Main Street Suite 6 Montpelier VT 05602 Stephen {at} multiculturalmedia [dot] com