https://www.live-grateful-dead-music.com/privacy-policy.html
live-grateful-dead-music.com's Privacy Policy
At live-grateful-dead-music.com we are dedicated to protecting your data and privacy.
We recognize that your privacy is important. This document outlines the types of personal information we receive and collect when you use live-grateful-dead-music.com, as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard information. This will help you make an informed decision about sharing personal information with us.
live-grateful-dead-music.com strives to maintain the highest standards of decency, fairness and integrity in all our operations. Likewise, we are dedicated to protecting our customers' and online visitors' privacy on our website.
About Our Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that live-grateful-dead-music.com stores on your computer, which your browser provides to live-grateful-dead-music.com each time you return to the site. We use cookies to help us identify and track visitors, their use of our website, and their website access preferences.
live-grateful-dead-music.com uses Google Analytics to analyze the use of this website. Google Analytics collects demographic and interest data, and generates statistical and other information about website use, by means of cookies. These cookies are kept on your computer. We share this information with Google, which will store and use this information on its servers. Google's privacy policy is available at: https://policies.google.com/privacy.
live-grateful-dead-music.com uses information from Google Analytics to track the number of visits to the website, browsers and operating systems. No personally identifiable information is obtained from these cookies. We use the information that Google Analytics generates relating to our website to create reports about the use of the site. These reports allow us to update the site and improve your usage of it.
If you do not wish your data to be collected via Google Analytics, you can install its opt-out browser extension or add-on... https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our website. These companies use cookies and web beacons in their ads to ascertain how many times you've seen an advertisement. We share this information with these companies, but do not provide them with any personally identifiable information for cookie or web beacon use, so they cannot personally identify you with that information from our website.
You may opt out of personalized ads for over 125 different ad networks. .
Some third-party advertisements are served by Google. Google's cookie enables it to serve ads to our visitors based on their visits to other sites on the Web. You may opt out of personalized ads by visiting the Google ad opt-out page.
Affiliate Product and Services
The site may earn an affiliate commission through links to products/services as a participant in an Affiliate program.
By clicking on an affiliate link, you consent to that platform's affiliate tracking.
Purchases made through affiliate links found on this site help support the site at no extra cost to you.
Refusing Cookies
You can set your browser to accept or refuse all cookies automatically, or notify you when a cookie is being requested. Taking this action should not cause a problem with the continued use of our site. Consult the Help section of your browser for guidance on how to refuse all cookies or to notify you when a cookie is requested.
If you choose to refuse cookies from live-grateful-dead-music.com, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the site.
Personally Identifiable Information
live-grateful-dead-music.com may collect and use your personal information for the following purposes:
to run and operate our site.
to display content on the site correctly.
to improve customer service.
to help us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
to personalize your user experience.
to understand how our users as a group use the services and resources provided on our site.
to improve our site.
to improve our products and services.
to run a promotion, contest, survey or other site feature.
to send information to you that you agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to you.
to send periodic emails, which may include electronic newsletters and/or autoresponder series of emails.
to respond to your enquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
live-grateful-dead-music.com may collect personally identifiable information from you in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when you visit our site, register on the site, or fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our site.
This site lets you share content with your friends and followers on various social media platforms.
live-grateful-dead-music.com also uses Facebook commenting. Facebook stores all of your comments and may show them on your timeline, depending on your Facebook settings.
live-grateful-dead-music.com offers RSS as a way to easily follow content updates. We use FeedBurner/FeedBlitz to let you subscribe to these updates via your email address. We also provide links for easy access to My Yahoo! and/or Feedly. Before you choose to use any of these as your RSS reader, review its privacy policy.
You can always refuse to supply personally identifiable information and visit our site anonymously. However, it may prevent you from engaging in certain site-related activities.
If we make material changes in the collection of personally identifiable information, we will inform you by placing a notice on our site. We will use personal information received from you for internal purposes only and will not sell it or provide it to third parties.
We also collect each visitor's IP address, which helps us combat spam and fraud. We do not use IP addresses for any other purpose.
live-grateful-dead-music.com contains links to other websites that may be of interest to you. However, once you have used them to leave our site, we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information you provide while visiting such sites. These sites are not governed by this privacy statement. Always exercise caution by reviewing the privacy statement of the website in question before continuing to use it.
Non-personally Identifiable Information
We may collect non-personally identifiable information about you whenever you interact with our site. Non-personally identifiable information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about your method of connecting to our site, such as the operating system and the Internet service provider you used, and other similar information.
Children's Privacy Protection
This website is directed to adults. It is not directed to children under the age of 16. We operate our site in compliance with current regulations. Anyone under the age of 16 must provide parental consent to use this site. We do not knowingly collect or use personally identifiable information from anyone under 16 years of age.
Release of Information
If we sell live-grateful-dead-music.com, the information we have obtained from you through your voluntary participation in our site may transfer to the new owner as a part of the sale so that the service provided to you may continue. In that event, you will receive notice through our website of that change in control and practices, and we will make reasonable efforts to ensure that the purchaser honors any opt-out requests you might make.
Data Storage
Personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information collected by this site
is stored on our host's servers. That host is SiteSell Inc., located at 1000 Saint-Jean Boulevard, Suite 702, Pointe-Claire, QC H9R 5P1 Canada.
How You Can Correct or Remove Information
We provide this privacy policy as a statement to you of our commitment to protect your personally identifiable information. If you have submitted personally identifiable information through our website and would like to download and review that information, click on this link.
You can also request to edit or delete any of your information from the servers by visiting clicking on this link.
Updates and Effective Date
live-grateful-dead-music.com reserves the right to make changes in this policy. If there is a material change in our cookie and privacy practices, we will indicate on our site that those practices have changed and provide a link to the updated privacy policy. We encourage you to periodically review this policy so that you will know what information we collect and how we use it.
Agreeing to Terms
If you do not agree to live-grateful-dead-music.com's privacy policy as posted here on this website, please do not consent to the setting of cookies and the collection and storage of your personally identifiable information.
Your explicit consent indicates acceptance of this privacy policy in its entirety.
Last updated: 2018-07-17
HomeListen NowGrateful Dead LyricsGD Mp3sGD SongsGD TabsGD ArtGD Album CoversGD PhotosGD Concert PostersTell your story