http://www.alnwickcastle.com/terms-and-conditions
Alnwick Castle is now closed for the winter, re-opening in March 2021.
Stay safe, and we look forward to welcoming you to the Castle in 2021.
Terms and Conditions
If you have any queries in regards to the terms and conditions, please contact us via the live chat service, or by emailing info@alnwickcastle.com
Standard Ticket refund policy
Admission tickets are not transferable and are non-refundable.
It is important that you do not visit if you are showing symptoms of Covid-19 (high temperature, new continuous cough or loss of taste or smell). If you need to alter your visit due to COVID 19 restrictions, this can be done up until 10:30am on the day of your visit.  We will refund your ticket in full and ask that you follow the guidance set out by the government (this can be found on their website - www.gov.uk/coronavirus) prior to re-booking.  Please use live chat or call 01665 511100 and we would be happy to arrange this for you.
Day tickets
Day tickets to Alnwick Castle only do not give access to The Alnwick Garden. The Alnwick Garden is a separate visitor attraction with its own events, admission policies and visiting arrangements.
Day tickets must be shown at the point of entry on the date of your visit.
Day tickets are not transferable and are non-refundable.
Alnwick Castle reserve the right to revoke any day tickets at their discretion.
Due to the change in pricing for the remainder of the 2020 season we have suspended the Alnwick Castle unlock scheme for new members and there will be no promotional activity on the new rates of entry.
Unaccompanied Children
Children aged 16 yeras or under must be accompanied and supervised by a responsible adult at all times.
Bag searches in place
Visitors are respectfully informed that enhanced security measures are in place and you are requested to bring the minimum of bags during your visit. Please note that random bag searches may take place. Your kind cooperation with these procedures, which have been implemented for the benefit and security of visitors and staff alike, is much appreciated.
Photography policy
Please note that photography is not permitted within the State Rooms without prior arrangement. However, photography of the exterior of Alnwick Castle is encouraged for all visitors.
Drone filming and photography
For health and safety reasons, no drone flying is permitted over Alnwick Castle, grounds or surrounding parkland without prior consent. Any unauthorised drones may be removed and destroyed at the discretion of Alnwick Castle.
Alnwick Castle website
Overview
This is a legal document ("Agreement") which sets out your rights and obligations, and those of Alnwick Castle ("Alnwick Castle", "we" or "us"), in relation to this website (the "Site"), and the material of all types that you gain access to on and through the Site ("Content"). We have a separate privacy policy which governs our use of your personal information.
You affirm your assent to the terms of this Agreement every time you access any part of the Site or make use of any of the Content.
Intellectual Property
The term "Content" includes, but is not limited to, all text, graphics and images which appear on the Site, and the design, look and feel of the Site itself. Each item of Content is protected by copyright and other intellectual property rights which are either owned by Alnwick Castle or licensed to it by a third party.
Where downloads of third party software are made available on the Site, they are owned by the third party licensor in question, and will be subject to any terms and conditions applied by the relevant third party. The Site may contain proprietary notices (such as moral rights and trade mark notices) and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and followed.
Use of Content
We permit you to use the Site and its Content for the purposes for which it is intended on an individual computing device having a single central processing unit. You may download to a local hard disk and print extracts from the Site. You are not otherwise entitled to copy, distribute or transmit any of the Content, or to incorporate any of it into any website (except by way of linkage in accordance with Linking to the Site below) or other work whatsoever, nor may you broadcast, publish or facilitate any public performance of Content.
Accuracy of Content
The Site and its Content is provided for your general information only; we advise that Content may not be accurate and complete. Therefore you should not propose to do, or refrain from doing, something in reliance upon Content you find on the Site. All such information on this site is subject to change, sometimes at short notice.
Linking to the Site
We encourage businesses and others to link their sites to the Site. However, if you wish to establish a link to the Site or any of its Content, we require that the link does not open within a frameset from another web site.
Links from the Site
Alnwick Castle is not responsible for the content of third party sites linked to the Site. They are independent of Alnwick Castle, and their content is not endorsed or approved by Alnwick Castle. If you agree to purchase goods or services offered on or through those third party sites, such as (but not limited to) travel bookings, merchandise and services, the resulting agreement will be entirely between you and the relevant third party; we will not be involved in, or have any responsibility under, those agreements.
Personal information
You may provide certain personal details to us when you contact us via the Site, such as your name, your email address, and your geographic address. We will use this information in accordance with our privacy policy .
Changes to this Agreement
If we make any changes to this Agreement, your use of the Site any its Content following the date of that change will be governed by the changed Agreement.
Territory and Laws
The Site is provided from England for access and use by people both there and elsewhere. If you visit the Site from outside England, you are, in effect, visiting the territory of England. Accordingly, you acknowledge that the laws of England apply to your use of the Content and govern this Agreement, and that Alnwick Castle takes no responsibility to ensure the conformance of the Content or the Site to your country's laws.
Effect of Agreement
Alnwick Castle intends to rely upon the written terms set out here. If you require any changes, please make sure you ask for these to be put in writing. In that way, we can avoid any problems surrounding what Alnwick Castle and you the Customer is expected to do.
GIFT SHOP Refund Policy
Unused goods in a saleable condition can be returned with the original receipt up to 28 days after purchase for a refund or exchange (exchange only without a valid receipt). Postage will only be refunded if goods are faulty. Items should be returned to us at:
Alnwick Castle,
Alnwick,
Northumberland,
NE66 1NQ.
When posting returns, always ask your Post Office for proof of postage. For more details and to arrange returning an item, please call 01665 511 172.
Contact Email
info@alnwickcastle.com
If you have any questions about our Terms & Conditions, please contact us at
info@alnwickcastle.com