https://www.svballet.org/privacy-policy/
540-387-3978
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you subscribe to our newsletter.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to Southwest Virginia Ballet news and performances.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
svballet.org
P.O. Box 3275
Roanoke, VA 24015
United States
info@svballet.org
(540) 387-3978
Join the Company
The Nutcracker
About
News
Contact
Support SVB
Shop SVB
Close this module
The NutcrackerCheck your local Blue Ridge PBS listings for additional broadcast dates and streaming opportunities on Blue Ridge Streaming Services.