https://www.webindia123.com/legal/index.htm
Friday, December 11, 2020Advertise with us
Terms & Conditions
About US | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Accetable Use
All contents on the
website webindia123.com, including text, graphics, logos, images design and software are the products of Suni Systems Private Limited
and are protected by International copyright Laws. The contents and software of the website may be used by visitors and participants to view content, enter feedback and comments, post content. Other use including the reproduction, notification, distribution re-publication or display of this website without the consent of Suni Systems is strictly prohibited.
The information on this website is updated from time to time. We however, exclude any warranties (whether expressed/implied) as to the quality, accuracy, efficacy, completeness, performance, fitness of any of the contents of the website including (but not limited)
any comments, feedback and advertisement contained within the site. Certain sections within the site are meant to be satirical, humorous and we decline any responsibility for any libel, damages or other charges that may arise from the same. You are here by warned that a sense of humour is necessary to use this
site and we Suni Systems do not take responsibilities for any emotions or ‘hurt feeling’ arising from the content thereof..
We will not be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for any consequential loss or loss of business opportunities or projects, or loss of profits) arising, whether in contract, tort or otherwise from the users inability to use the website or any of its contents or from action or omission taken as a result of using the website’s such contents.
webindia123.com has exercised due diligence in checking the correctness and authenticity of the information contained in the site, but webindia123.com or any of its affiliates or associates or employees shall not in anyway be responsible for any loss or damages that may arise to any person from any inadvertent error in the information contained in any section, or service on the site. The information from or through this site is provided “AS IS” or “AS AVAILABLE”, and all warranties expressed or implied of any kind, regarding any matter pertaining to any service or matter including without limitation the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement are disclaimed. webindia123.com and its affiliates and associates shall not be liable, at any time, for any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of information contained on the site. No representations, warranties or guarantees whatsoever are made as to the accuracy, adequacy, reliability, completeness, suitability or applicability of the information to a particular situation.
webindia123.com or its affiliates or associates or its employees do not provide any judgment or warranty in respect of the authenticity or correctness of the content of other services or sites to which links are provided. A link to another service or site is not an endorsement of any products or services on such site. webindia123.com is not responsible for the availability of these external sites of resources.
All text, graphics, audio, video, design and other works
on the site are the copyrighted works of webindia123.com unless
otherwise indicated. All rights reserved.
Content on the site is for personal use only and may be downloaded provided the material is kept intact and there is no violation on the copyrights, trademarks, and other proprietary rights. Any alteration of the material or use of the material contained in the site for any other purpose is a violation of the copyright of webindia123.com and /or its affiliates or associates or of its third-party information providers. This material cannot be modified, copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed in any way for non-personal use or without obtaining the prior permission from webindia123.com. No content or information on the site may be transferred, sold or derivatives made for commercial use.
This website contains material in the form of inputs supplied by users and we accept no responsibility for the contents, or accuracy of such content, nor do we make any representation by virtue of the contents of this website in respect of the existence or availability of any goods and services.
We made no warranty that the contents of the website are-free from infection by viruses or anything else which has contaminating or destructive properties and shall have no liability in respect thereof.
Certain links on the website lead to resources located on servers maintained by third parties over whom we have no control and accordingly we accept no responsibility or liability for any of the material contained on those servers.
Part of this website contains advertising and other matter submitted to us by third parties. Kindly note that those advertisers are responsible for ensuring that material submitted for inclusion on the website complies with all the requirements. Although acceptance of advertisements on website is subject to our terms and conditions which are available on request, we do not accept liability in respect of any advertisements.
This website will contain articles contributed by several individuals. The views are exclusively their own and do not necessarily represent the views of the website or its management.
All liability is excluded to the extent permitted by law including any implied terms.
Indian Law and jurisdiction applies with respect to contents in this website. When accessing this website namely webindia123.com it is implied that all users and viewers acknowledge and accept the above conditions.
All responsibility and liability for any damages caused by downloading of any data is disclaimed.
webindia123.com reserves the right to modify, suspend/cancel, or discontinue any or all material or services at any time without notice.
webindia123.com reserves the right to make modifications and alterations in the information contained on the site without notice.
webindia123.com reserves the right to modify the terms of use of any service without any liability.
webindia123.com reserves the right to take all measures necessary to prevent access to any service of material or termination of service in its sole discretion without notice including if the terms of use are not complied with or are contravened or there is any violation of copyright, trademark or other proprietary.
All legal proceedings shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts in Cochin, Kerala and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of India.
Information
About Us
Advertise with us
Enquiry
Sitemap
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Explore Webindia123
News and Press Releases
Education And Career
Video Shows
Movie And Celebrity Events
Deals And Discounts
Yellow Pages/ Business Contacts
Photo Gallery
Classified/ Personal Ads
Automobiles
Realestate/ Properties for sale
Copyright Suni Systems (P) Ltd, 2000 - 2020. All Rights Reserved