https://www.glyndebourne.com/company-policies/
* Select a date to view the available performances. Performance days have been highlighted.
About us Company policies A summary of our key policies
‘Glyndebourne is here to open all hearts and minds to opera. A strong corporate governance framework of rules and practices to ensure accountability, fairness and transparency has always underpinned the way in which Glyndebourne operates. We have a clearly-defined set of Company Policies that are shared with everyone who works at Glyndebourne. We believe that this contributes to an inclusive and supportive way of working and enables us to make our work accessible to all.’
Sarah Hopwood, Managing Director
This is a summary of our key company policies; for a full list, please contact governance@glyndebourne.com.
COVID-19 Risk Assessment
We are preparing COVID-19 risk assessments for all areas of our activity to ensure that anyone who comes on site at Glyndebourne is as safe as possible. For our full statement on this, see here. We confirm that we have complied with the government’s guidance on managing the risk of COVID-19.
Equal Opportunities
We are committed to promoting equality of opportunity for all company members and job applicants. We aim to create a working environment in which all individuals are able to make best use of their skills, free from discrimination or harassment, and in which all decisions are based on merit.
We do not discriminate on the basis of age, disability, gender reassignment, marital or civil partner status, pregnancy or maternity, race, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin, religion or belief, sex or sexual orientation. We do not tolerate any abuse of power.
The principles of non-discrimination and equality of opportunity apply equally to the way in which company members treat visitors, customers and suppliers. All company members have a duty to treat colleagues with dignity at all times, and not to discriminate against, bully or harass others regardless of their status. We have signed up to UK Theatres 10 Principles
for safe and supportive working practices in theatre.
Our most recent Gender Pay Gap report can be viewed here.
Anti bribery and corruption
It is our policy to conduct all of our business in an honest and ethical manner. We do not tolerate bribery or corruption in any form and we are committed to acting professionally, fairly and with integrity in all of our business activity. Under the Bribery Act 2010, it is a criminal offence for a company to fail to prevent bribery by a person associated with the organisation, even if the organisation was unaware of the bribe. We therefore have a strict policy that applies to everyone engaged by the company in whatever capacity, including employees, trustees, artists, staff on freelance contracts, consultants, contractors and any other persons providing services to us.
The policy defines bribery and corruption clearly. It explains usual permitted expenses (there is a separate policy covering the reimbursement of legitimate business expenses), it explains ‘kickbacks’ and why they are not permitted and differentiates between acceptable and excessive business gifts and hospitality (again, there is a separate policy defining what is acceptable and explaining the recording procedure for such gifts).
To avoid the risk of a perception of bribery, at least annually all trustees and staff are required to formally declare any potential for conflict of interest.
Fundraising
Although we receive valued Arts Council support for the Tour and some educational work, the Festival receives no public subsidy. We’re a registered charity, funded by box office income and our members and supporters. Our 1,200-seat opera house, completed in 1994, was built without a penny of taxpayers’ money. We treasure this financial independence. We believe it confers artistic independence, allowing us to be more original, inventive – and truly ourselves.
This is why the support of individuals and companies is so important to us and we are most grateful for all donations, grants and sponsorship. We have signed up to the Fundraising Regulator Code of Fundraising Practice and use it as a benchmark to make sure that we always treat donors fairly and that we meet all legal requirements. Funds given to us for a specific purpose will always be used for that purpose alone and we are meticulous in our application of the rules on Gift Aid, acceptance (or refusal) of donations and data protection. We have written a policy to guide us on the acceptance of gifts including donations, grants and sponsorship.
Complaints policies
At all times we endeavour to provide the best possible experience and highest standards across the board. We recognise however that despite our best endeavours there may be times when we fall short of our customers’ expectations.
Our complaints policies are provided in full on our website and explain the procedure for making a complaint and how we will deal with it. There is a general Complaints policy and a separate policy for Fundraising Complaints. Feedback helps us to improve the ways in which we work and communicate with our audience and supporters and helps to ensure that the matter won’t happen again.
Whistleblowing
Glyndebourne aims to conduct its business honestly and with integrity at all times. However, like any organisation, there is a risk of activities going wrong or of unknowingly harbouring malpractice. We encourage a culture of openness and accountability to help prevent such situations occurring. Our whistleblowing policy provides a procedure for individuals to follow should they have such a concern and it explains the procedure the company will take, both to investigate and to protect the individual who has raised the concern.
Data protection and document management
Glyndebourne is committed to processing data in accordance with its responsibilities under the Data Protection Act 2018 and our data protection policy helps to ensure that we follow the seven key Principles of the Act:
Lawfulness, fairness and transparency
Purpose limitation
Data minimisation
Accuracy
Storage limitation
Integrity and confidentiality
Accountability
The policy explains what specific actions are needed under each of the Principles, how to follow best security practices, what to do should there be a data breach and how long data may be kept for.
We publish a
Privacy Notice
explaining how we apply our policy to our customers, supporters and suppliers and we have a similar in-house version explaining the same to company members. We have chosen to create separate notices so that we can give as much detail as possible to each group.
Investments and reserves
Our financial objective is to raise sufficient income annually to cover expenditure for the year, whilst generating surplus cash sufficient to build up free reserves to meet liabilities as they fall due and manage any economic disruption beyond our control. It also allows us to invest in the future of Glyndebourne and maintain our competitive edge from an audience, artistic and staff perspective, including an essential programme of capital spend.
In accordance with the Articles of Association, the Trustees have delegated authority to the appointed investment managers to manage investments for the Charity in accordance with the investment mandate laid down by the Trustees. The funds are invested with a view to producing the best financial return within an acceptable level of risk as cost effectively as possible.
Purchasing
Glyndebourne is a charity and therefore takes the responsibility for spending in an economic, transparent and accountable manner very seriously. We have a formal purchasing policy in place and all staff are expected to take responsibility for spending wisely, purchasing prudently, to focus on value for money and to do all they can to ensure that our objective of remaining financially independent continues to be achieved.
We take environmental considerations seriously. We use local suppliers wherever possible and give preference to a supplier with sound environmentally sustainable practices.
Environmental Sustainability
At Glyndebourne we are concerned about the impact of climate change and our dependence on the dwindling supply of fossil fuels, and are committed to reducing both our direct, and indirect (wherever possible),  impact on the environment.
We follow latest best practice as well as complying with all relevant legislation and aim to ensure that environmentally responsible management practice and operational procedures are fundamental to what we do. Our environmental policy states the specific actions to which we are committed and each annual review of the policy lists our priorities for the coming year.
Health, Safety and Safeguarding
Glyndebourne is fully committed to preventing accidents, injuries and ill health and recognises the importance of providing and maintaining a safe and healthy environment and meeting our obligations under the Health, Safety and Welfare at Work Act. Equally, we believe that a child or adult should never experience abuse of any kind, whether physical, emotional, racial, sexual or financial. We have a responsibility to promote the welfare of children and vulnerable adults and keep them free from harm. Our safeguarding policy can be read in full here.
We have detailed policies for both health and safety and for safeguarding that apply to everyone working at Glyndebourne. They are designed to keep everyone, whether visiting or working here, safe from harm. One trustee takes responsibility for the oversight of health, safety and safeguarding and we have a management structure to oversee our activities in this respect. All staff are required to attend a health and safety induction when they commence employment.
Anti-fraud policy and fraud response plan
Glyndebourne has a commitment to maintain high legal, ethical and moral standards. All company members are expected to share this commitment. The anti-fraud policy has been established to identify procedures which will aid investigation should fraud or related offences be committed.
We have procedures in place that reduce the likelihood of fraud occurring. These include formal policies, documented procedures and systems of internal control and risk assessment. In addition, the management promotes a risk and fraud awareness culture throughout the company.
The anti-fraud policy and fraud response plans are intended to provide direction to those managers and directors who have to deal with suspected cases of theft, fraud or corruption. These documents give a framework for a response and advice and information on various aspects and implications of an investigation.
For a full list of all of our policies, please contact the Head of Governance & Compliance.
Phone 01273 812321 or email governance@glyndebourne.com.
You might also like
About us
Discover a world-leading opera house in the heart of the Sus…
About us
Who we are
Get to know us a bit better: meet our senior team, and explo…
Glyndebourne Shop
Our online shop offers a great selection of exclusive and locally sourced products. Every purchase supports our work.
Shop now
Become a Member
Enjoy priority booking for the Festival. Find out how you can join as an Associate Member
Join today
Support a 2021 production
Light the way for the return of our Festival season and support a 2021 production.
Find out more