http://www.hot1071.com/info/privacy-policy
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the HOT 107.1 website. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
(etc.)
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you want to refer a page from the site to a friend and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
Name
Email Address
Phone Number
(etc.)
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by logging into your HOT VIP online account. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information. You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please send us an email at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Prev
Listen Live!
107.1 FM
NOW PLAYING: Refreshing...{{ title }}
Message Studio
Say: Alexa, play hot one oh seven one.
Local Hip Hop Artists!
Submit Your Music
No iframes
×
Do You Follow Us?
Stay updated on events, alerts, contests, concerts tickets and more!