https://www.photoreview.com.au/privacy-policy/
Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy. This policy is designed to ensure your personal information is protected.
Any and all personal information collected at this website or associated publications will be kept strictly private and confidential. We collect only customer information that is needed, and we tell customers how we use it. We use technological, legal and training means to provide the highest level of security and privacy for the personal information of our customers. A more detailed explanation about how we safeguard your personal information is outlined below. If you have questions don’t hesitate to email us: edmail(at)mediapublishing.com.au.
Privacy of Email AddressesMedia Publishing ABN 86 099 172 577 provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us in all email correspondence. Media Publishing requires users to affirmatively ask to join its mailing lists. Our list of subscribers is available to only authorised personnel.
Resale or DisclosureWe will not sell, rent or disclose to other organizations personal information collected at this website without express opt-in permission from the user.
Collected Browser InformationMedia Publishing analyses website logs to constantly improve its service. The logs are not personally identifiable. They record the pages visited and the time apparently spent browsing them. We use the log information to measure the number of users to different sections of our sites and this helps us make our sites more useful to our customers. They are a necessary part of visiting any website. We make no attempt to link them with individuals who browse our websites. Our site contains links to sites owned by others, so please note that we may have no control over their privacy practices.
CookiesCookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to your computer’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Cookies can make the web more useful by storing information about your preferences on a particular site. The use of cookies is an industry standard and many major websites use them to provide useful features for their customers. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user’s computer. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you’d prefer you can set yours to refuse cookies. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of a website if you do so.
Subscriber CommunicationAs a publisher of print and electronic magazines, websites and other media, Media Publishing receives email and other communication from subscribers and others every day. We will reproduce communication in the relevant publication where it is clear to us that the sender intended publication. For example, this will apply to letters and emails to the editor.
For any questions regarding our Privacy Policy and practices please contact:
Media Publishingedmail(at)mediapublishing.com.au
Default side
PHOTO REVIEW NEWSLETTER
Latest news, reviews, tips, and new ways to improve and inspire your photography.
FEATURED
Motorsport to Matrimony
Capturing the night sky
PHOTO GUIDES
Low Light Photography 2nd Edition
Travel Photography 3rd Edition
TIPS
Working with video footage
Considerations for buying camera gear overseas
PRODUCT REVIEWS
Canon RF 800mm f/11 IS STM lens
Canon RF 600mm f/11 IS STM lens
Recommended cameras and lenses
AD Blocker Detected
Ads can be a pain, but they are our only way to maintain the server. Please deactive Ads blocker to read the content. Your co-operation is highly appreciated and we hope our service can be worth it.
Refresh