http://www.livingtraditions.org/privacy-statement
Skip to main content
Privacy Statement
×
Error message
Deprecated function: The each() function is deprecated. This message will be suppressed on further calls in menu_set_active_trail() (line 2405 of /home4/jalopybi/public_html/livingtraditions/includes/menu.inc).
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Your privacy is important to Living Traditions .  This privacy statement provides information about the personal information that Living Traditions collects, and the ways in which Living Traditions uses that personal information.
Credit
This document was created using a Contractology template available at http://www.contractology.com.
Personal information collection
Living Traditions may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:
• information about your use of this website;
• information that you provide using for the purpose of registering with the website (including your name, address);
• information about transactions carried out over this website (including membership fees, renewal fees);
• information that you provide for the purpose of subscribing to the website services (including name, age, address); and
• any other information that you send to Living Traditions.
Using personal information
Living Traditions may use your personal information to:
• administer this website;
• personalize the website for you;
• enable your access to and use of the website services;
• publish information about you on the website;
• send to you products that you purchase;
• supply to you services that you purchase;
• send to you statements and invoices;
• collect payments from you; and
• send you marketing communications.
Where Living Traditions discloses your personal information to its agents or sub-contractors for these purposes, the agent or sub-contractor in question will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement.
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere above, Living Traditions may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.
Securing your data
Living Traditions will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
Living Traditions will store all the personal information you provide on its secure servers.
Information relating to electronic transactions entered into via this website will be protected by encryption technology.
Cross-border data transfers
Information that Living Traditions collects may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which Living Traditions operates to enable the use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
In addition, personal information that you submit for publication on the website will be published on the internet and may be available around the world.
You agree to such cross-border transfers of personal information.
Updating this statement
Living Traditions may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
Other websites
This website contains links to other websites.
Living Traditions is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party.
Contact Living Traditions
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or Living Tradition’s treatment of your personal information, please write:
• by email to info@livingtraditions.org; or
• by post to 315 Columbia St, Brooklyn NY 11231.
You must retain the “Credit” section in this document. If you wish to use the document without the “Credit” section (e.g. to project a more professional image) then you can get a license to do so here:
http://www.contractology.com/free-document-license-privacy-statement.html
It is an infringement of our copyright to use the document without the “Credit” section and without paying the license fee.
Board of Directors
Julia del PalacioErnesto GomezChad DickersonEli SmithHenry SapoznikGeoff WileyEva SalinaAnnie KeatingEthan Devine
Advisory Board at Jalopy Theatre
Audra Tsanos
A’yen Tran
Chloe Swantner
Dom Flemons
Elijah Wald
Elizabeth Hurst
Jan Bell
Joe Peknik
John Cohen
John Heneghan
Justin Hendricks
Lance and April Ledbetter
Mamie Minch
Nathan Salsburg
Pat Conte
Peter Macapia, PhD
Peter Stampfel
Rosetta SerranoSamoa Wilson
Steve Earle
Steve Uhrik
Donate