http://www.irishdancing.com/index.php/customer-service/terms-conditions
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
DEFINITIONS
In these terms, conditions and privacy policy; “Irish Dancing Magazine”, “Irish Dancing Magazine Magazine”, “Efinish LLC", "we" or "us" means Efinish LLC, publisher of Irish Dancing Magazine Magazine. "Subscriber", "Customer" or "You" means a person who is a subscriber to Irish Dancing Magazine. A “Print Subscription” means a paid subscription of Irish Dancing Magazine hard copy product.  “Gift Subscription” refers to subscription packages to Irish Dancing Magazine print, with a term commencing on the date of redemption by the gift recipient, and are restricted to the subscription package type chosen by the person who purchases the Gift Subscription.
COPYRIGHT
© Irish Dancing Magazine 2020
Except as permitted by the copyright law applicable to you, you may not reproduce or communicate any of the content on this website, including files downloadable from this website, without the permission of the copyright owner.
The Australian Copyright Act allows certain uses of content from the internet without the copyright owner’s permission. This includes uses by educational institutions and by Commonwealth and State governments, provided fair compensation is paid. For more information, see www.copyright.com.au and www.copyright.org.au.
The owners of copyright in the content on this website may receive compensation for the use of their content by educational institutions and governments, including from licensing schemes managed by Copyright Agency.
We may change these terms of use from time to time. Check before re-using any content from this website.
SECTION 1 - CUSTOMER SERVICE ENQUIRIES
Email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. or call us at 001-630-279-7521.
SECTION 2 - INCLUSIONS AND FREE SUBSCRIPTIONS
If we grant you access to a free subscription and you do not cancel or opt out of the subscription period prior to the expiry of the term, you will automatically be converted to a paid subscription upon expiry of the term. You may cancel or opt out of the free subscription online or by contacting us.
SECTION 3 - PRICING AND PAYMENTS
Subscription prices are in the designated currency (USD, GBP, or euro) unless otherwise stated. Your payment details must be verified before your subscription can be activated unless arranged otherwise. If payment is not received, your subscription may be suspended or terminated. We reserve the right to reject any subscription order at any time.
It is your responsibility to ensure that the credit card details you have provided are valid. If no payment is received after 30 days your subscription will be automatically suspended, following 30 days of suspension without payment your subscription will be cancelled. You agree to pay the price of your subscription which will be stated clearly at the time of your order. All charges, other than specified in the Cancellation policy, are non-refundable.
By acquiring, redeeming or using a Irish Dancing Magazine Gift Subscription, you also agree to these Terms & Conditions. It is the responsibility of the gift purchaser to ensure that the gift recipient’s email address, name and details of the gift are correct at the time of purchase.Gift recipients must provide their address details on gift redemption in order receive Irish Dancing Magazine print editions. Gift Subscriptions are non refundable.
Efinish LLC reserves the right to change the prices and fees at any time. Promotion and discount eligibility is determined at the time of order. If you have purchased your subscription through a third party, these Terms and Conditions may not apply.
SECTION 4 - RENEWALS
Subscriptions will automatically be renewed at the end of each subscription term. A valid payment type must be provided to turn on auto-renew. Renewal charges will be applied to the credit card previously provided on your account unless you deselect the Auto-renew option in your online account settings or cancel your subscription by notifying us.
SECTION 5 - SHIPPING AND DELIVERY
Subscription start date is listed in the product description. Subscribers will receive the next available issue, which may take up to 8 weeks for delivery.  The delivery of overseas orders is reliant on overseas postal services and we cannot be responsible for items lost by overseas postal services. Online orders from high risk credit countries (as determined by Efinish LLC) can take up to 6 months for delivery. If you do not receive your copy as expected, or have any questions regarding your order, please email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
SECTION 6 - SUBSCRIPTION REFUNDS/CANCELLATIONS
We may extend your Print Subscription pro-rata if we are at fault in failing to deliver you an issue of the print magazine. For subscriptions cancellations arising out of the transfer of a subscription held in an alternative publication, no refund is available, if the transferred subscription is cancelled before the end of its term. Gifts offered with subscriptions are non refundable.
If you receive a magazine that is damaged or faulty please contact Efinish LLC within 30 days to arrange a replacement of that issue.
If your subscription has been auto renewed within the last 30 days, and you choose not to auto renew, email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. or call 001-630-279-7521 for a refund of the subscription cost of any issues not yet received.
SECTION 7 - ONLINE STORE TERMS
By purchasing, acquiring, redeeming or using a Irish Dancing Magazine Subscription, you agree to these Terms & Conditions. By agreeing to these Terms & conditions, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site. You may not use our products for any illegal or unauthorised purpose nor may you, in the use of the Service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws). You must not transmit any worms, viruses or any code of a destructive nature.
A breach or violation of any of the Terms will result in an immediate termination of your Services.
SECTION 8 - GENERAL CONDITIONS
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time. You understand that your content (not including credit card information), may be transferred unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. Credit card information is always encrypted during transfer over networks.
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service or any contact on the website through which the service is provided, without express written permission by us. The headings used in this agreement are included for convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these Terms.
SECTION 9 - ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS AND TIMELINESS OF INFORMATION
We are not responsible if information made available on this site is neither accurate, complete or current. The material on this site is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete or more timely sources of information. Any reliance on the material on this site is at your own risk. This site may contain certain historical information. Historical information, necessarily, is not current and is provided for your reference only. We reserve the right to modify the contents of this site at any time, but we have no obligation to update any information on our site. You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to our site.
SECTION 10 - MODIFICATIONS TO THE SERVICE AND PRICES
Prices for our products are subject to change without notice. We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue the Service (or any part or content thereof) without notice at any time. We shall not be liable to you or to any third-party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
SECTION 11 - PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND SUBSCRIPTIONS
Certain products or services may be available exclusively online through the website. These products or services may have limited quantities and are subject to return or exchange only according to our Return Policy. We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to limit the sales of our products or Services to any person, geographic region or jurisdiction. We may exercise this right on a case-by-case basis. We reserve the right to limit the quantities of any products or services that we offer. All descriptions of products or product pricing are subject to change at anytime without notice, at the sole discretion of us. We reserve the right to discontinue any product at any time. Any offer for any product or service made on this site is void where prohibited. We do not warrant that the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you will meet your expectations, or that any errors in the Service will be corrected.
SECTION 12 - ACCURACY OF BILLING AND ACCOUNT INFORMATION
We reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. In the event that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers or distributors.You agree to provide current, complete and accurate purchase and account information for all purchases made at our online store. You agree to promptly update your account and other information, including your email address, postal address, billing address, credit card numbers and expiration dates, so that we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed.
SECTION 13 - OPTIONAL TOOLS
We may provide you with access to third-party tools over which we neither monitor nor have any control nor input. You acknowledge and agree that we provide access to such tools “as is” and “as available” without any warranties, representations or conditions of any kind and without any endorsement. We shall have no liability whatsoever arising from or relating to your use of optional third-party tools. Any use by you of optional tools offered through the site is entirely at your own risk and discretion and you should ensure that you are familiar with and approve of the terms on which tools are provided by the relevant third-party provider(s). We may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall also be subject to these Terms of Service.
SECTION 14 - THIRD-PARTY LINKS
Certain content, products and services available via our Service may include materials from third-parties.
Third-party links on this site may direct you to third-party websites that are not affiliated with us. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy and we do not warrant and will not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials or websites, or for any other materials, products, or services of third-parties. We are not liable for any harm or damages related to the purchase or use of goods, services, resources, content, or any other transactions made in connection with any third-party websites. Please review carefully the third-party's policies and practices and make sure you understand them before you engage in any transaction. Complaints, claims, concerns, or questions regarding third-party products should be directed to the third-party.
SECTION 15 - USER COMMENTS, FEEDBACK AND OTHER SUBMISSIONS
If, at our request, you send certain specific submissions (for example contest entries) or without a request from us you send creative ideas, suggestions, proposals, plans, or other materials, whether online, by email, by postal mail, or otherwise (collectively, 'comments'), you agree that we may, at any time, without restriction, edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate and otherwise use in any medium any comments that you forward to us. We are and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any comments in confidence; (2) to pay compensation for any comments; or (3) to respond to any comments.We may, but have no obligation to, monitor, edit or remove content that we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful, offensive, threatening, libellous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable or violates any party’s intellectual property or these Terms of Service.
You agree that your comments will not violate any right of any third-party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, personality or other personal or proprietary right. You further agree that your comments will not contain libellous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of the Service or any related website. You may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise mislead us or third-parties as to the origin of any comments. You are solely responsible for any comments you make and their accuracy. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any comments posted by you or any third-party.
SECTION 16 - PERSONAL INFORMATION
Your submission of personal information through the online store is governed by our Privacy Policy. To view our Privacy Policy, visit at https://irishdancing.com/index.php/customer-service/privacy-policy
SECTION 17 - ERRORS, INACCURACIES AND OMISSIONS
Occasionally there may be information on our site or in the Service that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, product shipping charges, transit times and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information in the Service or on any related website is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order).We undertake no obligation to update, amend or clarify information in the Service or on any related website, including without limitation, pricing information, except as required by law. No specified update or refresh date applied in the Service or on any related website, should be taken to indicate that all information in the Service or on any related website has been modified or updated.
SECTION 18 - PROHIBITED USES
In addition to other prohibitions as set forth in the Terms of Service, you are prohibited from using the site or its content: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability; (f) to submit false or misleading information; (g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the Service or of any related website, other websites, or the Internet; (h) to collect or track the personal information of others; (i) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape; (j) for any obscene or immoral purpose; or (k) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Service or any related website, other websites, or the Internet. We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Service or any related website for violating any of the prohibited uses.
SECTION 19 - DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
We do not guarantee, represent or warrant that your use of our service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free.We do not warrant that the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable.You agree that from time to time we may remove the service for indefinite periods of time or cancel the service at any time, without notice to you. Efinish LLC reserves the right to modify the content, inclusions, type and availability of any digital or print product at any time. We reserve the right under special circumstances to enable free access to our subscriber content for a limited period of time. During this time subscribers will not be eligible for a refund. If any or all of our digital products are temporarily unavailable, you will not automatically be entitled to receive a refund. We reserve the right to issues refunds or credits at our sole discretion. If we issue a refund or credit, we are under no obligation to issue the same or similar refund in the future.You expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use, the service is at your sole risk. The service and all products and services delivered to you through the service are (except as expressly stated by us) provided 'as is' and 'as available' for your use, without any representation, warranties or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, merchantable quality, fitness for a particular purpose, durability, title, and non-infringement.In no case shall Efinish LLC, our directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors, interns, suppliers, service providers or licensors be liable for any injury, loss, claim, or any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special, or consequential damages of any kind, including, without limitation lost profits, lost revenue, lost savings, loss of data, replacement costs, or any similar damages, whether based in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, arising from your use of any of the service or any products procured using the service, or for any other claim related in any way to your use of the service or any product, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the service or any content (or product) posted, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the service, even if advised of their possibility. Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states or jurisdictions, our liability shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.
SECTION 20 - INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Efinish LLC and our parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, officers, directors, agents, contractors, licensors, service providers, subcontractors, suppliers, interns and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third-party due to or arising out of your breach of these Terms of Service or the documents they incorporate by reference, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third-party.
SECTION 21 - SEVERABILITY
In the event that any provision of these Terms of Service is determined to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, such provision shall nonetheless be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and the unenforceable portion shall be deemed to be severed from these Terms of Service, such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions.
SECTION 22 - TERMINATION
The obligations and liabilities of the parties incurred prior to the termination date shall survive the termination of this agreement for all purposes.
These Terms of Service are effective unless and until terminated by either you or us. You may terminate these Terms of Service at any time by notifying us that you no longer wish to use our Services, or when you cease using our site. If in our sole judgment you fail, or we suspect that you have failed, to comply with any term or provision of these Terms of Service, we also may terminate this agreement at any time without notice and you will remain liable for all amounts due up to and including the date of termination; and/or accordingly may deny you access to our Services (or any part thereof).
SECTION 23 - ENTIRE AGREEMENT
The failure of us to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
These Terms of Service and any policies or operating rules posted by us on this site or in respect to The Service constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between you and us and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior or contemporaneous agreements, Communications and proposals, whether oral or written, between you and us (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Service).Any ambiguities in the interpretation of these Terms of Service shall not be construed against the drafting party.
SECTION 24 - CHANGES TO TERMS OF SERVICE
You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time at this page.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check our website periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to our website or the Service following the posting of any changes to these Terms of Service constitutes acceptance of those changes.
SECTION 25 - TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONTACT INFORMATION
Questions about the Efinish LLC Terms and Conditions should be sent to us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..RETURN TO YOUR SHOPPING CART
About us
Irish Dancing Magazine (IDM) is the essential resource, both in print and online, for all Irish Dancers, teachers, and industry professionals. IDM is the BEST and LEADING print magazine for the industry; continuously published for over 20 years!
irishdancing.com Privacy Policy
Contact us
If you recently ordered a subscription as a gift and need a subscription certificate, head to our shop page HERE to download and print our certificate!
Irish Dancing & Culture Magazine
110 E Schiller Street
Suite 206
Elmhurst, IL 60126
United States of America
CONTACT by email
Tel: (001) 630-279-7521
Mon-Fri: 10:00 - 16:00 UTC-6:00
© Irish Dancing Magazine 2020. All rights reservedWhat is Irish Dancing Magazine?
Irish Dancing & Culture Magazine ( Irish Dancing Magazine) is the world's leading magazine and website dedicated to Irish Dancing & Culture.IDM contains the latest results, news, and photos. Meet dancers from all over the globe. Dancers and adjudicators share advice PLUS learn about the latest trends. Don't miss a single issue!
Shop Home Resources
Articles to Read!
Latest News Fitness Fashion Feis Tips Issues IDM Recommends Major Competitions Calendar LOTD Dance For Hope Challenge Contests
Winners Enter to Win Results
An Coimisiun (CLRG) An Chomhdhail Open Platform Dance Schools IDM Online Customer Service
Change Your Address Contact IDM Privacy Policy Advertise Terms & Conditions FAQs (Help) COVID-19 Resources For Teachers For Camps For Parents For Competition Organizers Login/Logout