https://www.amino.tv/privacy-policy/
+44 (0)1223 598 197
letstalk@amino.tv
Investor Centre
24i
#futureisbright
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains what we do with any personal data we collect from you or that you provide to us via this website (the “Site”) or via the email addresses: investors@amino.tv; partners@amino.tv; sales@amino.tv; or via any other contact email address provided by us on the Site.Amino Communications Ltd (“we”, “us”, or “our” in this Privacy Policy) is the controller and we are responsible for your personal data as set out in this Privacy Policy. If at any time you have a question about anything contained in this Privacy Policy or a general query on privacy, please email us or contact us at either of the addresses given at the end of this Privacy Policy.We reserve the right to make changes to the Privacy Policy from time to time. Any such changes to our Privacy Policy will be posted to the Site and brought to your attention and, where appropriate, by e-mail notification to you. It was last updated in May 2018.In this Privacy Policy, “Data Protection Regulations” means: until 25-May-2018 the UK Data Protection Act; from 25-May-2018 the General Data Protection Regulation (EU2016/679) (the “GDPR”); and from such time as the UK leaves the EU, such regulations as are incorporated or enacted into UK law.The Site contains links to websites and microsites that are operated by third parties or by other Amino group companies. This Privacy Policy does not apply to those websites and microsites. Please consult the terms and conditions and privacy policy of those websites and microsites to find out how they collect and use your personal data, and to establish whether and for what purpose they use cookies.INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT, PURPOSE OF COLLECTION, LAWFUL BASIS FOR PROCESSINGWe collect information from you as set out below in order to help us provide a better service to you. This includes:Information that you provide to us by filling in forms on the Site.Information that you provide to us when contacting us via sales@amino.tv or any other contact email address, or postal address, provided by us.Type of dataPurpose/ActivityLawful basis for processingYour name, email address, postal address, telephone number, company name, job title, areas of interest.Your name, email address, postal address, telephone number, company name, job title, areas of interest. To register your interest, and keep you updated with information about our products and services, our presence at trade shows, company performance and financial results.Our legitimate interest in keeping you informed and updated about us. You may ask to be removed from our contact list at any time.Your name, email address, postal address, telephone number, company name, job title, areas of interest.To answer any specific enquiry made by you.Our legitimate interest in replying to your enquiry.Your name, email address, postal address, telephone number, company name, job title, areas of interest.To invite your participation in surveys related to our products and services.Our legitimate interest in understanding your requirements better. You may ask to be removed from our contact list at any time.Your name, email address, postal address, telephone number, company name, job title, areas of interest.To provide you (on your request) with quotations for our products and services; to accept and process orders.In anticipation of, or pursuant to a contract between you and us.HOW DO WE LOOK AFTER YOUR INFORMATION?We make sure that all the information we hold about you is processed in accordance with the Data Protection Regulations. Once we have received your information, we employ security measures to protect your information from access by unauthorised persons and against unlawful processing and accidental loss.HOW LONG WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE STORED?We will retain your information until you request us to delete it, or until you ask us to stop sending you information, or for as long as you are a customer of ours (whichever of these is the longer).WHEN DO WE GIVE INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE US TO OTHER PEOPLE?We may disclose your personal information:To third party mailing providers so that we can provide you with the information service to which you have subscribed via the Site;To other Amino group companies where they provide a product or service in which you have expressed an interest;To any person to whom disclosure is necessary to enable us to enforce our rights under this Privacy Policy;To any purchaser of the shares or business of Amino Communications Ltd. (or its parent companies);Where we are required to do so pursuant to any applicable law or statute or the judgement of a court or other body with similar legal authority.Where we disclose your information to third parties we require their compliance with the Data Protection Regulations and that they keep your information safe and secret.YOUR RIGHTSYour rights are explained below. To help protect your confidentiality when we are administering these rights: we may ask you for proofs of identity, and we will only provide information to you at the email or postal address which you notify to us.Right of Access (disclosure of information held) You may ask us to provide a copy of any information we hold about you. We will provide this information free of charge (subject to the note below).Right of Rectification You may ask us to correct any errors in the information we hold about you. We will provide this service free of charge (subject to the note below). Please contact us if the personal information which we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated at any time.Right of Erasure You may ask us to erase any information we hold about you.Right to Restrict Processing You may ask us to restrict the processing of information relating to you for a period of time.Right of Data Portability You may ask us to provide you with a copy of the information we hold about you. This information will be provided in a reasonably portable format of our choice.Right to Object to Processing You may object to processing of your information.Right to object to processing for the purposes of direct marketing We will not use the information we hold about you for direct marketing purposes unless you have consented to this use. We will not pass the information we hold about you to any third party unless you have consented to this use. You may change or withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us or by following the instructions at the end of any marketing email.Right to object to processing for scientific, historical or statistical purposes To improve our products and services, we may analyse the use of the service made by groups of customers. You may request to be excluded from this activity.Right to not be evaluated on the basis of automated processing Emails you send to us will be evaluated individually. Information we send to you may be determined on the basis of the preferences you have notified to us.Making a Request in relation to your rights Please direct any request concerning data processing or data protection to the contact email or address given at the end of this policy. We will respond within 1 month.We will not charge for requests you make concerning data processing, except that: if you submit requests which are manifestly unfounded or excessive, we may either charge for processing the request, or may decline to answer.If you are not satisfied with our response, you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner by calling their helpline: 0303 123 1113 or starting a live chat at ico.org.uk/concerns.Right to withdraw consentYou may request us to cease sending you any marketing information at any time by notifying us in writing, or alternatively each marketing email sent to you will contain an easy, automated way for you to cease receiving marketing emails from us, or to change your expressed marketing permissions. If you wish to do this, simply follow the instructions at the end of any email.If you have received unwanted, unsolicited emails sent via this system or purporting to be sent via this system, please forward a copy of that email with your comments to the marketing team at Amino for review.YOUR RESPONSIBILITIESYou are responsible for information published by you on the internet, and we advise you to be selective about what information you post on the Site or that you provide to other users. Make sure that you are careful when you visit our Site from a shared computer or in a public place like an internet cafe. Data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, and whilst we use reasonable security measures to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet: any transmission is at your own risk.COOKIESCookies are small files of information which are stored on your computer. Websites you visit ask your computer to store this information and retrieve it from your computer to retrieve information on purchases you’ve made or are making online, or to automate the process of logging on to our site. Cookies are not capable of exchanging any other information from your computer than the cookie itself.We may use the information we obtain from the cookies in the administration of the Site, to monitor traffic, to personalise the Site for you, to improve the Site’s usability and for marketing purposes. We will use cookies to store your password so that you don’t have to keep filling in a registration form every time you want to log in. We may use them to study things such as places on our Site where you visit and which bits of our Site you like best. We may also use them to make sure that any advertisements on our Site aren’t always the same when you visit each time and that you see advertising which you might like more than others. If you click on an advertisement to go through to an advertiser’s site, they may also use cookies and we don’t have any control over what they use their cookies for.For more information regarding cookies please review allaboutcookies.org.If you do not want to receive cookies you will need to adjust your computer settings to stop them being used but you may find that our Site may not function properly or is slower. For more information on how to disable cookies, please consult the “Help” section of your browser.As mentioned above, we may use an analytics service provider for website traffic analysis and reporting. This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help analyse how users use the Site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Site (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Site, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. By using this Site, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERSOur servers are based in the UK or the European Union, and when you submit your details and in whichever country you are situated, you agree to the data being transferred to the UK and processed under the terms of the Data Protection Regulations. If you are not in agreement with this, please do not add your personal details on the Site.EU Residents: For administration purposes, we may need to transfer your data to one of our affiliates outside the UK (and possibly outside the European Economic Area) and by using the Site you consent to us transferring any such data in this way. However any company outside the EEA to whom we transfer data is contractually bound by us to protect your personal data and to process it in accordance with this policy.CONTACT INFORMATIONAmino Communications Ltd, 1010 Cambourne Business Park, Cambourne, Cambridge, CB23 6DP, United Kingdom sales@amino.tv
SolutionsTV X.0Pay TV+Operator Ready Android TVUpcyclingMultiscreen VideoEnterpriseProductsAmino OSAmino SMAmino VUSupportSupport PortalRequest Portal AccessSupport PlansWarranty & RMAResourcesNewsCompanyAbout UsExecutivesWork With UsContact Us
Investor Centre
24i
#futureisbright
We use cookies to improve your experience. We use cookies to personalise content and to analyse our traffic. We also sahre information about your use of our site with our analytics partners, view our privacy policy here.
Cookie Preferences Strictly necessary cookies Enabled These cookies all the website to remember choices you make and provide enhanced, more personal features.
The information these cookies collect may be anonymized and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites. Optional Cookies
We'd like to set Google Analytics cookies to help us improve our website by collecting and reporting information on how you use it.
For more information on how these cookies work please see our privacy policy.