https://www.catholicnews.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy Policys2CatholicNews2020-07-16T08:41:20-04:00
Privacy Policy and Digital Millennium Copyright Act Notice
This privacy policy explains the privacy practices of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops (“USCCB”) and how USCCB treats your information.
USCCB collects your personal information, including user names, email addresses, IP addresses, other contact details, survey responses, photos, payment information, and cookie data. There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by USCCB, which can include your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. USCCB will use your personal information to fulfill a contract, in particular, in facilitating and processing transactions, and where it is necessary to fulfill USCCB’s legitimate interests, which include operating USCCB web site, providing the services and goods described on USCCB’s web sites, verifying your identity, determining how to improve USCCB’s web sites, monitoring activity on USCCB’s web sites, responding to your comments or questions, informing you of areas of interest or services available from USCCB, and fulfilling contracts made with you. We collect your information when you give USCCB consent, for purposes which are required by law and for the purposes of responding to requests by government, a court of law or law enforcement authorities conducting an investigation. USCCB retains your personal information for as long as is necessary to provide the services to you and to comply with legal obligations. If you no longer want USCCB to use your personal information you can request that USCCB erase your personal information by contacting Joe Larson at usccbweb@usccb.org however USCCB will retain information as is necessary for USCCB legitimate business interests. If you have questions about USCCB’s privacy practices, please contact Katherine Grincewich at kgrincewich@usccb.org.
USCCB encourages you to review the privacy statements of web sites you choose to link to from USCCB so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. USCCB is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the USCCB and USCCB family of Web sites, or the web sites to which USCCB has linked, such as YouTube, and the sites hosting videos.
Please notify USCCB if you believe any of your intellectual property rights have been infringed. Pursuant to section 512 of the Copyright Act (“DMCA”). USCCB designates the following individual as its agent for receipt of notifications of claimed infringement: USCCB, Mary Sperry, msperry@usccb.org, 3211 4th St. N.E., Washington, D.C. 20017. To be effective, the notification should include: (a) a physical or electronic signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the right being infringed, (b) identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at the site; (c) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity, and information sufficient to permit us to locate the material; (d) information sufficient to allow us to contact the complaining party; (e) a statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright or intellectual property owner, agent, or the law; and (f) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the right being infringed. If you fail to comply with all of these requirements, your DMCA notification may not be valid.
SMS Text Message Terms and Conditions
In addition to any entry, submission or other fee of which you are notified, your carrier’s standard messaging rates apply to your entry or submission message, our confirmation and all subsequent SMS correspondence and/or transmissions. All charges are billed by and payable to your mobile service provider.
We will not be liable for any delays in the receipt of any SMS messages as delivery is subject to effective transmission from your mobile service operator. SMS MESSAGE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” BASIS, AND WE MAKE NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED.
Data obtained from you in connection with this SMS service may include your cell phone number, your carrier’s name, and the date, time and content of your messages, as well as other information that you provide. We may use this information to contact you and to provide the services you request from us.
By using this service you may have access to various content. You should assume that everything to which you have access through this service is subject to copyright and trademark protection, unless noted otherwise. By subscribing or otherwise using the service, you acknowledge and agree that all right, title and interest, including the trademark and copyright rights, in and to such works are our property, and that you will not gain any ownership or other right, title or interest therein or thereto. You may not copy, download or make any other unauthorized uses of such items.
By subscribing, you consent to receiving, from time to time, further text messages from us.
By subscribing or otherwise using the service, you acknowledge and agree that we will have the right to change and/or terminate the service at any time, with or without cause and/or advance notice.
All content is appropriate for ages 13 and older (T13+)
By subscribing, you agree that the data you provide to complete this transaction may be used for that purpose and used and stored for USCCB’s inventory records and to evaluate interest in USCCB’s web pages. You further agree to receive text message communications about USCCB goods, services, and information.
All the News You Need CNS provides a wide variety of news, information, opinion and texts to assist you in covering the church for your readers, viewers and listeners. We provide news from the U.S., Rome and around the world in both English and Spanish, in both written coverage and video reporting.
Sales Inquires
Phone: 202.541.3453
Email: sales@catholicnews.com
Main Office
3211 Fourth Street, NE
Washington, DC 20017
Tel 202.541.3250
Fax 202.541.3117
cns@catholicnews.com
Sales Inquires
202.541.3453
sales@catholicnews.com
Search for: