http://www.whatzup.com/about/privacy
Submit Feedback
Submit Feedback
×
If some feature of our website is broken or not working properly, report it here.
...
How would you rate your overall experience?
Bad
Unhappy
It's okay
Happy
Love It!
Tell us what you think:
Snapshot
This is a snapshot of the current page to help us better understand any issue you might be having. No snapshot showing? Retake Snapshot
Include snapshot
IMPORTANT: If you're reporting an issue, not including a snapshot may hinder our ability to fix it. We respect your privacy and don't share this snapshot with anyone outside of Whatzup.
Send to Whatzup
Your browser does not support iframes, required to play movie trailers.
Close Trailer
Save Listings for Later
×
Sign up for an account to save listings to your own personal reminders list.
Create an account
Login to an existing account
Login
×
You have multiple accounts. Please select the account you'd like to login to. Then enter the password for that account.
...
...
Required
Required
Please check "I am not a robot".
Forgot Password?
Login
Forgot Your Password?
This field is required
We'll send you a link via email to reset your password.
Send Email
Cancel
Expired Link
×
This password reset link has expired.
Get a new password reset link
×
0/0
There was an error loading the media, please try again.
×
menu
Calendars
Music & ComedyThings To DoNational ShowsKaraoke & DJsRoad TripsStage & DanceArt & ArtifactsLivestreams
Submit Calendar Listings
Livestreams
Music & Comedy
Events/Things To Do
Karaoke & DJs
Stage & Dance
Art & Artifacts
Stories
Current Stories
Music & Comedy
Art
Stage & Dance
Movie Reviews
Writers & Books
Whatzup Picks
Places & Food
Festivals & Events
Movers & Shakers
Movies
Pickup
Musicians
20 Under 20
Local Musicians
Stream Local Music
Create Musician Page
Archives
Back Issues
H. Stanley Liddell Award
Resources
About us
Contact us
Advertising
Become a Distribution Site
Help & Support
Report website issue
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Login
Sign Up
Quicklinks
20 Under 20
Download the Whatzup App
Pickup Locations
Local Movie Showtimes
Local Musicians & Bands
Posts
Subscribe to Whatzup2nite
Calendars
Music & ComedyThings To DoNational ShowsKaraoke & DJsRoad TripsStage & DanceArt & ArtifactsLivestreams
Submit Calendar Listings
Feature Stories
Current Stories
Music & Comedy
Art
Stage & Dance
Movie Reviews
Writers & Books
Whatzup Picks
Places & Food
Festivals & Events
Movers & Shakers
Archives
Back Issues
H. Stanley Liddell Award
Resources
Advertise with us
Contact Us
Report an issue
FAQ
Distribution Application
Marketing Resources
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
About
FacebookTwitterInstagram
© 2020 Whatzup, LLC.
Get the Whatzup app
Take everything there is to do on the go.
Download
×
You have an ad or content blocker enabled.
Ad and content blockers hide calendar listings and other content on our website. Please whitelist our website so you don't miss out on any content.
About
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Last updated: April 23, 2019
Our services are intended for residents of northeast Indiana, United States. Our data policies are only compliant with United States and Indiana law only.
Whatzup, LLC ("us", "we", or "our") operates the Whatzup mobile application and whatzup.com webpage (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Information Collection And Use
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include but is not limited to, your email address, other information ("Personal Information").
We collect this information for the purpose of providing the Service, identifying and communicating with you, responding to your requests/inquiries, servicing your purchase orders, and improving our services.
Log Data
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use and other statistics ("Log Data").
In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this type of information in order to increase our Service's functionality. These third party service providers have their own privacy policies addressing how they use such information.
Please see the section regarding Location Information below regarding the use of your location information and your options.
Location Information
We may use and store information about your location depending on the permissions you have set on your device. We use this information to provide features of our Service, to improve and customize our Service. You can enable or disable location services when you use our Service at any time, through your mobile device settings.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and transferred to your device. We use cookies to collect information in order to improve our services for you.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. The Help feature on most browsers provides information on how to accept cookies, disable cookies or to notify you when receiving a new cookie.
If you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some features of our Service and we recommend that you leave them turned on.
Do Not Track Disclosure
We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services and/or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform specific tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use your information for any other purpose.
Business Transaction
If Whatzup, LLC is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Information may be transferred as a business asset. In such cases, we will provide notice before your Personal Information is transferred and/or becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, and we strive to implement and maintain reasonable, commercially acceptable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information we store, in order to protect it from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure.
However, please be aware that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and we are unable to guarantee the absolute security of the Personal Information we have collected from you.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Only persons age 13 or older have permission to access our Service. Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you learn that your Children have provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of January 9, 2018, and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Questions
If you have any questions not answered here about our policy on user privacy, please contact us.
Current Issue
Countdown to Christmas
Dec 10-16, 2020
Vol. 25 No. 19
Contact us • Advertising • Report a bug • Privacy
© 2020 Whatzup, LLC. • Icons made by Whatzup & Google.
Movie ReviewsGorgeous animated feature enraptures
Wolfwalkers
Much like the Portland-based stop-motion outfit Laika, the Irish animation studio Cartoon Saloon has...Local MusiciansCelebrate young musicians with our 20 Under 20
20 Under 20
Do you know a local young musician whose talent should be shared with the world?
The Sweetwater Acad...DestinationsLegendary restaurant a pearl in Fort Wayne
The Oyster Bar
Oyster Bar has been in business since 1888 ...Stage & DanceDickens’ work goes online as the Youtheatre Christmas show
A Christmas Carol
It’s another pivot after a COVID cancellation...See more stories
Contact us  •  Advertising  •  Report a bug  •  Privacy
© 2020 Whatzup, LLC. • Icons made by Whatzup & Google.