http://www.citylights.com/info/?fa=privacy
advanced search
Click here to sign up for the City Lights Newsletter!
GIFT CERTIFICATES
HOW TO ORDER
BOOKSTORE
PUBLISHING
FOUNDATION
FERLINGHETTI
About Us •
Events and Readings •
Podcast •
Blog •
Map and Directions •
FAQ •
Contact Us
CIty Lights recognizes the importance of privacy to visitors to our website, and we want every user (you) to know how we collect and use information about you when you visit our site. This privacy policy explains what type of information is collected when you visit www.citylights.com, and how we may use that information.
The Information We Gather
Like virtually all other web servers, our web server automatically creates log files for each visitor who accesses our sites. The access logs do not record a visitor's name, address, phone number, credit card number(s), or any other personally identifying information. Rather, these log files may contain some or all of the following information:
The date of the visit
The time and length of the visit
The path taken through the site, including links (such as buy or donate links) that are clicked
The browser/device being used
We use this information to aid the technical administration of the site, to record and analyze the size of our audience, and to learn how to better serve our web visitors. If you purchased books from our site after being directed there from another site or from social media, we use Google Analytics to see how that was facilitated. We use this information to better understand how transactions on our site happen.
This site uses cookies to collect some or all of the above information. Generally, the information we collect does not identify you personally; however, if you do not wish to receive cookies, you may set your browser to reject cookies or to alert you when a cookie is placed on your computer. You are not required to accept cookies when you visit this site.
For more information on what cookies are: http://www.citylights.com/cookie/
We do not collect personally identifying information from our website unless you choose to provide that information to us. Visitors under the age of 13 must obtain permission from their parents or guardians before sending any personally identifying information to City Lights.
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our service.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Name and Contact Information
City Lights may ask visitors (you) to provide certain personal information when you: sign up for our e-newsletter list or request information. We tell you whether a specific piece of information is required at the time it is requested.
This information may be used by City Lights to verify your identity, contact you for additional information or administrative purposes, and fulfill your request. If you sign up for our e-newsletter, you may receive e-mail regarding our books, author events, and website; otherwise, we will contact you only if necessary for the purposes above.
We do not store credit card information.
Unless explicitly stated otherwise at the time of submission, the personally identifying information you provide will not be sold, shared, or used for purposes other than listed above. You may contact us at any time to request removal from our mailing list or supporter database.
Credit Card Information
You must be 18 to engage in money-related transactions on the City Lights website. When you do so, you may be asked for a credit card number.
We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
The payment processors we work with are:
Applied Merchant
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at http://www.appliedmerchant.com/privacy-policy
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Consent
Your use of the City Lights website constitutes consent to any policy then in effect. This policy is effective August 2, 2018.
Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or any practices on the City Lights website, please email us at staff@citylights.com, or call (415) 362-8193.
261 Columbus Avenue at Broadway, San Francisco, CA 94133
phone: (415) 362-8193
•
fax: (415) 362-
4921
•
Open daily 10 am to midnight
RSS    Privacy Policy    All imagery and content © 2020
City Lights. All rights reserved.
powered by GiantChair