http://www.moviequotes.com/privacy/
Follow us onRegister / Log inToggle navigationUser areaToggle search bar Movie Quotes
TV Series Quotes
Cartoon Quotes
Actors' Thoughts
A-Z List BlogRegister / Log in
HomePrivacy PolicyWhat information does MovieQuotes.com collect?
MovieQuotes.com collects and processes personal data voluntarily provided by the user when registering on the site, signing up for the "Quote of the day" newsletter, sending quotes to the editorial staff using the special form, posting comments on quotes. The personal data that MovieQuotes.com collects and treats, for all the aforementioned purposes, is only the email address (e-mail). No other data is requested and collected.How can you get information about your data, modify, delete or have a copy of them?
If you are registered on the site, you can view your personal data in your reserved area.
You can request your personal data are permanently deleted from our computer systems. To get this, send a request to privacy@moviequotes.com from the email address you are registered in MovieQuotes.com.
The data deletion will be made within 30 days.What rights can you exercise on your personal data?
In accordance with Art. 15 (“Rights of access by the data subject”) of Regulation (EU) 2016/679, as a Data Subject, you have the right to obtain from the Data Controller access to your data for the following information:
a. The purposes of the processing, the personal data categories concerned, the data recipients, the storage period, the transfer of data to third countries, including those outside the European Union;
b. To rectify, erase, and limit or oppose to the processing of your data;
c. To verify if automated individual decision-making exists relating to you pursuant to Art. 22 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679;
d. The right to lodge a complaint with the Supervisory Authority;
e. The right to erasure in accordance with the provisions of Art. 17 (“Right to erasure (‘right to be forgotten’)”) of Regulation (EU) 2016/679.
Pursuant to Art. 15, paragraph 4 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679, Data Subjects always have the right to obtain a copy, on a durable medium, of their data processed by the Data Controller. In any case, in accordance with the provisions of Art. 20 “Right to data portability”) of the Regulation, Data Subjects have the right to data “portability”, that is, the right to directly transfer personal data from one Data Controller to another, where feasible.How long are your personal data stored for?
The data processing duration is established as 12 months from the date in which the Interested Parties transferred them for the first time to the Data Controller, or have reconfirmed their consent to treatment. As of the date of termination of the relationship for any reason or cause, the data will be stored for the duration of the applicable limitation terms pursuant to law.How do we ensure the storage of your data?
The data is collected by the Data Controller in accordance with the indications of the relevant legislation, with particular regard to the security measures provided for by the GDPR (Article 32) for their processing using IT tools, and with logics strictly related to the purposes indicated above, and in any case in order to guarantee total security and confidentiality.Who is the Data Controller?
The Data Controller is STUDIO CMT Inc, - Email: privacy@moviequotes.com.Cookies Policy
This website uses cookies. We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website to personalise content and adverts and to analyse our traffic using Google Analytics.What's a cookie?
A "cookie" is a small file that is stored on your computer's hard drive and which records your navigation of a website (if you allow) so that, when you revisit that website, it can present tailored options based on the information stored about your last visit. Cookies can also be used to analyse
traffic and for advertising and marketing purposes.
Cookies are used by nearly all websites and do not harm your system. If you want to check or change what types of cookies you accept, this can usually be altered within your browser settings.What kind of cookies are there?
There are different types of cookies.First party cookies: these are set by the website you’re visiting and only that website can read them.Third party cookies: these are set by someone other than the website you’re visiting. Some website pages may feature content from other sites such as Twitter and YouTube which may have their own cookies. Sharing a website page on another service page e.g. Twitter may also set a cookie on your
browser.Session cookies: these are only stored on your computer during your web session and are automatically deleted when you close your browser – they usually store an anonymous session ID allowing you to browse a website without having to log in to each page but they do not collect any
information from your computer.Persistent cookies: a persistent cookie is stored as a file on your computer and it remains there when you close your web browser. The cookie can be read by the website that created it when you visit that website again. We use persistent cookies for Google Analytics and for personalisation (see
below).Strictly necessary cookies: These cookies are essential to enable you to use the website effectively and therefore cannot be turned off. Without these cookies, the services available to you on our website cannot be provided. These cookies do not gather information about you that could be used for marketing or remembering where you have been on the internet.Performance cookies: These cookies enable us to monitor and improve the performance of our
website. For example, they allow us to count visits, identify traffic sources and see which parts of the
site are most popular.Functionality cookies: These cookies allow our website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced features. For instance, we may be able to provide you with news or updates relevant to the services you use. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, font and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have requested such as viewing a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect is usually anonymised.
Personalisation cookies: These cookies help us to advertise details of products or services that we think may be of interest. These cookies are persistent (for as long as you are registered with us) and mean that when you log in or return to the website, you may see advertising for products or services that are similar to information that you have previously browsed.How long do cookies last?
Some cookies are removed when you finish your session and exit the browser. Others are more longterm, sometimes indefinite, and are saved onto your device so they’re there when you return to the website.How to reject cookies
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies if you don’t want to receive cookies that are not strictly necessary to perform basic features of our site. Each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.
If you disable cookies, some of the features that make your site more efficient, may not function properly.
Cookies can be disabled at any time, even if you have previously accepted them.
For more information generally on cookies, including how to disable them, please refer to aboutcookies.org. You will also find details on how to delete cookies from your computer. How do we use cookies?
We use cookies to:
- track your use of our website to compile aggregate data about site traffic and interaction.
- remember preferences and information about you so you don’t have to provide it again.
- record advertisements and your interests and preferences are geared as much as possible to the information from our website and our partners
Most popularBorn todayDied todayRobert De Niro(1943)
film director,
actor,
film producer
Woody Allen(1935)
film director,
actor,
scriptwriter
Johnny Depp(1963)
actor
Robin Williams(1952 - 2014)
actor
Bruce Willis(1955)
actor,
film producer,
musician
Denzel Washington(1954)
film director,
actor
Harrison Ford(1942)
actor
Tom Hanks(1956)
film director,
actor,
producer
Clint Eastwood(1930)
film director,
actor
Tom Cruise(1962)
actor
Tom Shadyac(1958)
film director,
scriptwriter,
film producer
Jean-Louis Trintignant(1930)
actor
Liz Smith(1921)
actor
No people found.
Follow us onAbout UsContact UsWhat's NewPrivacy PolicyMovieQuotes.com © 1998-2020 | All rights reserved