http://www.wpas.org/privacy.aspx
BOX OFFICE
202.785.9727
Programming
Home Delivery
Home Delivery Plus
Patron Services & Tickets
Annual Gala & Auction
Special Productions
The World in Our City
Support
Friends Program
Champion Fund
Legacy Society
Corporate Partnership
Donate Now
Education & Community
Programs for Young People
Programs for Adults and Families
Mars Arts D.C.
Washington Performing Arts Gospel Choirs
Media
Press
50 Years, 50 Stories
SHIFT: A Festival of American Orchestras
National Medal of Arts
About
About Us
Our Founder
Contact Us
Leadership
Board of Directors
Junior Board
Staff
Women's Committee
Employment
Internships
Volunteer
Cart
Washington Performing Arts Privacy Policy
Collection of Information
When you create an account on washingtonperformingarts.org, you share your first name, last name and email and mailing address with us. When transacting a sale, we will also require your credit card number.
Email Addresses
When you provide your email address to Washington Performing Arts, we will periodically contact you through email, providing you information about your account, upcoming concerts, special offers, Washington Performing Arts updates, contest opportunities, etc. If you don’t want to receive periodic email notices from Washington Performing Arts, please click here. A link to unsubscribe from email notices is also provided at the bottom of each email message.
Financial Information
Washington Performing Arts will protect any financial information you provide to us. If you make a purchase online, your credit card is encrypted using current secure communication technologies. Your credit card number will only be used for processing orders. Your order information will be stored on our secure servers, but this information is never shared with third parties. We restrict access to customer financial information for use by authorized Washington Performing Arts employees only.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Cookies are small bits of data transferred to your computer by a website to facilitate your online experience. Cookies are only used to assist in customer log-in functions, track the progress of e-commerce transactions and to record session information in order to analyze website effectiveness.
When we send you emails, we may include a web beacon to allow us to determine the number of people who open our emails. When you click on a link in an email, we may record this individual response to allow us to customize our offerings to you. Web beacons collect only limited information, such as a cookie identifier, time and date of a page being viewed, and a description of the page on which the web beacon resides (the URL).
Web beacons can be refused when delivered via email. If you do not wish to receive web beacons via email, you will need to disable HTML images or refuse HTML (select Text only) emails via your email software.
Passwords
When you create an account online, you will be asked to select (will be assigned) a password, in order to protect your account. Passwords are kept confidential and will not allow access to payment information such as credit card numbers, etc. If you have forgotten your password or experience trouble signing in, contact us for assistance.
Uses of Personal Information
Washington Performing Arts uses the personal information it collects to process your orders, to notify you of event changes and updates, and to personalize your web site experience, offering you unique ticket offers or event invitations based on your interests. Any personal information collected is used by Washington Performing Arts employees only and is not sold to any outside parties. Washington Performing Arts occasionally shares address information only with other non-profit arts organizations.
Links
Our website sometimes includes links to other organizations’ websites. We do not control the use of personal information on websites other than our own.
Changes to the Policy
New technology will continue to be added to washingtonperformingarts.org. Changes in the privacy policy will be reflected here as new technology is implemented.
© Washington Performing Arts, All rights reserved.
Contact Us
Privacy Policy