https://www.ricardopinto.com/privacy-policy/
Ricardo Pinto
MENUMENUhomenewsbooksSDC Biblehermitabroadcontactabout
Privacy Policy
I am committed to safeguarding the privacy of my readers.
I have a legal duty under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) to protect and prevent unauthorised access to your personal data. I must also ensure that the information I hold about you is accurate, adequate, relevant and not excessive. This statement explains how I look after your personal information and what I do with it.
I control the data with respect to the personal information of my readers and other users of this website. This means that I have a responsibility to determine the purposes and means of the processing of that information as outlined below. Third party suppliers who store and process your information on my behalf are “data processors” and should only use data for agreed purposes.
I may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on my website.
Personal information I collect and store
I may collect and store personal information from you through my website enquiry form, or when you email me. This information may include:
Your name
Your address and postcode
Telephone / mobile number
Email address
If I provide goods or services to you I may also collect the following:
Order/transaction details
Details of all correspondence relating to an order/transaction
This information is stored securely using the following:
Trusted third party service providers, for example email marketing
What I use your personal information for
I use the personal information you provide for the following:
To contact you regarding an enquiry you have made through my website, or by email.
To process and provide goods and services you have requested.
To let you know about other services or products that may be of interest based on your previous orders.
If you consent to receive email newsletters I will send you updates and offers relating to my services and products that may be of interest to you.
In addition to the specific purposes for which I may process your personal data set out above, I may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which I am subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
If you do not provide me with the personal information I ask for, I may not be able to provide the goods or services that you have requested or enter into a transaction with you.
Retaining and deleting personal information
Personal data that I process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
I may keep your order/transaction details until you ask me to remove them from my records.
I may keep your email address, name, phone / mobile and email address until you ask me to remove them from my records.
Keeping your personal information safe and secure
I will take all reasonable precautions to protect your personal information from misuse or unauthorized access by any third party.
I will never sell your personal information to a third party or for marketing purposes.
I may occasionally share your personal information for the following reasons:
With third party suppliers who process your information on my behalf or to enable me to provide the goods/services you have requested.
Where I am required to do so by law, or to satisfy a legal requirement or legal claim.
When you have given me your consent.
International transfers of your personal data
I use some trusted third party suppliers to send email marketing using MailChimp. Some of these store your details in countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
In these circumstances I will ensure that your personal information will be protected by appropriate safeguards and to the same level as required by UK and EU data protection laws.
Cookies
I use cookies on my website in order to understand visitor behaviour. Cookies cannot be used by themselves to identify you and will typically contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has come, the ‘lifetime’ of the cookie, and a value, usually a randomly generated unique number.
I use only per session cookies that remain in the cookies file of your browser until you leave the site.
If you do not wish to receive cookies you can easily modify your web browser to refuse cookies, or to notify you when you receive a new cookie. Check your browser options for cookie management. Please note if cookies are disabled some features on the website may not work.
For more information about cookies, please see www.allaboutcookies.org.
Your choices and rights
Under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) you have the right to request:
A copy of the personal information I hold about you and what I use it for (providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected).
That personal information I hold about you is updated or corrected.
That, under some circumstances, I stop using your personal information or remove it from our systems.
To request any of the above please contact me via the form on this website.
I will comply with all reasonable requests as soon as I can.
Search for:
Buy Books
My mailing list
Please let me know what emails you would like. If you don't check either I'll send you everything!
hermitabroad
books
home
Privacy
Contact
© 2020
Ricardo Pinto