http://www.gkgraphics.com/legal.html
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
Please read this Terms and Conditions of Use Notice carefully. By viewing
or otherwise using this web site, you agree to the terms and conditions in this
Notice. This Notice may be changed in the future without further notice. This
Notice applies exclusively to your access to, and use of, this web site and
does not alter in any way the terms or conditions of any other agreement you
may have with gkgraphics.com for products, services or otherwise.
PRIVACY
Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs
your visit to gkgraphics.com.
COPYRIGHT
All web site materials, including, without limitation, the gkgraphics.com logo,
design, text, graphics, other files, and the selection and arrangement thereof
are ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 2001 gkgraphics.com. You may electronically copy and
print to hard copy portions of this web site for the sole purpose of using materials
it contains for informational and non-commercial, personal use only. Any other
use of the materials in this web site-including any commercial use, reproduction
for purposes other than described above, modification, distribution, republication,
display, or performance-without the prior written permission of gkgraphics.com
is strictly prohibited.
TRADEMARKS
"gkgraphics.com," "garykawamura.com," "kawamuras.com,"
the logos, and the products and services described in this web site are either
trademarks or registered trademarks of gkgraphics.com and its licensors, and
may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior
written permission of gkgraphics.com. In addition, all page headers, custom
graphics, buttonicons, and scripts are service marks, trademarks, and/or trade
dress of gkgraphics.com, and may not be copied, imitated, or used, in whole
or in part, without the prior written permission of gkgraphics.com. All other
trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and company names or logos
mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners
LICENSE AND SITE ACCESS
gkgraphics.com grants you a limited license to access and make personal use
of this site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or
any portion of it, except with express written consent of gkgraphics.com. This
license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents;
any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any
derivative use of this site or its contents; any downloading or copying of account
information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining,
robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. This site or any portion
of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited,
or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent
of gkgraphics.com. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose
any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text,
page layout, or form) of gkgraphics.com and our affiliates without express written
consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text"
utilizing gkgraphics.com's name or trademarks without the express written consent
of gkgraphics.com. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license
granted by gkgraphics.com. You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive
right to create a hyperlink to the home page of gkgraphics.com so long as the
link does not portray gkgraphics.com, its affiliates, or their products or services
in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. You may not
use any gkgraphics.com logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part
of the link without express written permission.
LINKS
gkgraphics.com makes no claim or representation regarding, and accepts no responsibility
for, the quality, content, nature or reliability of web sites accessible by
hyperlink from this web site, or web sites linking to this web site. The linked
sites are not under the control of gkgraphics.com, and gkgraphics.com is not
responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked
site, or any review, changes or updates to such sites. gkgraphics.com is providing
these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does
not imply affiliation, endorsement, or adoption by gkgraphics.com of the site
or any information contained therein.
YOUR ACCOUNT
If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality
of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and
you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your
account or password. gkgraphics.com does sell products for children, but it
sells them to adults, who can purchase with a credit card. If you are under
18, you may use gkgraphics.com only with involvement of a parent or guardian.
gkgraphics.com and its affiliates reserve the right to refuse service, terminate
accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in their sole discretion.
FORUMS AND INTERACTIVE AREAS
Visitors may post reviews, comments, and submit suggestions, ideas, comments,
questions, or other information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene,
threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property
rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and does not
consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation,
chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of "spam." You may not use
a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead
as to the origin of a card or other content. gkgraphics.com reserves the right
(but not the obligation) to remove or edit such content, but does not regularly
review posted content.
If you do post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise,
you grant gkgraphics.com and its affiliates a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual,
irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt,
publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such
content throughout the world in any media. You grant gkgraphics.com and its
affiliates and sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection
with such content, if they choose. You represent and warrant that you own or
otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post; that the content
is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy
and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify
gkgraphics.com or its affiliates for all claims resulting from content you supply.
gkgraphics.com has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove
any activity or content. gkgraphics.com takes no responsibility and assumes
no liability for any content posted by you or any third party.
RISK OF LOSS
All items purchased from gkgraphics.com are made pursuant to a shipment contract.
This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our
delivery to the carrier.
PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONS
gkgraphics.com and its affiliates attempt to be as accurate as possible. However,
gkgraphics.com does not warrant that product descriptions or other content of
this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. If a product
offered by gkgraphics.com itself is not as described, your sole remedy is to
return it in unused condition.
DISCLAIMER
THIS WEB SITE AND THE MATERIALS IN THIS WEB SITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS
IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. gkgraphics.com
DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE,
AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. gkgraphics.com DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT MATERIALS
ON THIS WEB SITE ARE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, RELIABLE, CURRENT, OR ERROR-FREE. gkgraphics.com
DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THIS WEB SITE OR ITS SERVER(S) ARE FREE OF
VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
APPLICABLE LAW
These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of California, without regard to its choice of law
principles to the contrary. You agree that any action at law or in equity arising
out of or relating to these terms and conditions shall be filed only in the
state and federal courts residing in Riverside County, California, and you hereby
irrevocably and unconditionally consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction
of such courts over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of this notice.
MODIFICATION AND AMENDMENTS
gkgraphics.com reserves the right to amend at any time any policies governing
this web site, including this Notice and gkgraphics.com Privacy
Policy, by posting the amended terms and providing notice of such amendments.
The amended terms shall be effective immediately after they are initially posted
on this web site. If you do not accept the amended terms, you should cease using
this web site.
TERMINATION
Notwithstanding any of these terms and conditions, gkgraphics.com reserves the
right, without notice and in its sole discretion, to terminate your license
to use this web site, and to block or prevent future access to and use of this
web site.
SEVERABILITY
If any provision of these terms and conditions shall be deemed unlawful, void,
or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable
from these terms and conditions and shall not affect the validity and enforceability
of any remaining provisions.
<back to top>  <close
window>