http://www.neosounds.com/legal/privacy
Song
Music styles
Production genre
Mood/Emotion
Instrumentation
Content provider
Composer
see all results
see all results for
Advanced search
Music styles
Mood/Emotion
Production genre
Editors' picks
Useful articles
Browse music
Music styles
Mood/Emotion
Production genre
Instrumentation
Editors' picks
My account
Cart
My playlists
My tags
Order history
Download center
Profile
Logout
Info
Licenses
Articles
Help / FAQ
Privacy policy
Contact
Song
Music styles
Production genre
Mood/Emotion
Instrumentation
Content provider
Composer
see all results
see all results for
Advanced search
Browse music
Music styles
Mood/Emotion
Production genre
Instrumentation
Editors' picks
My selections
My playlists
My tags
Licenses
Help / FAQ
Articles
Legal
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
Last updated: 2018-05-18
By using this website you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal
information in accordance with this policy.
NeoSounds is committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy policy tells you (acting itself
or through an authorized legal representative - "You") about our online collection, use and
disclosure of personal information. The terms of this policy apply to all personal information
collected by NeoSounds on the website neosounds.com and other country-specific NeoSounds
websites which may be linked to neosounds.com ("website").
Owner and Data Controller
This website is operated by NEO Sounds Ltd., Suite 4, 2nd Floor, The West Wing, Montarik House, 3 Bedlam Court, GX11 1AA, Gibraltar
("NeoSounds", "we", "us", "our") and may be accessed in any country.
For personal information protection purposes in the European Union, NeoSounds is the controller
and, unless otherwise noted, is also the processor of the personal information.
Information we collect
We collect your personal and non-personal information.
When we use the term "personal information," we mean information that specifically identifies
you as an individual. We only collect personal information about you after you have provided us
with your consent to collect that specific information.
Personal information includes:
information collected when you register or visit the website including your member name,
email address, password and IP address;
information collected when you make a purchase, such as your name, your address,
email address, credit card number, IP address and phone number.
information collected when you sign-up as a content provider (contributor), including
banking and/or payment information required in order for us to pay you, your national identifier
(such as tax number or social insurance number) required in order for us to prepare tax / legal
documents for you, a copy of your photo identification (for example, your driver's license).
We also collect a variety of non-personal information, such as the website that
referred you to us, browser type and language, and access times. We also may collect
navigational information, including information about the pages you view, the links you click,
and other actions taken in connection with the website. Limited demographic information may also
be collected and may be linked to your personal information.
You may choose not to provide your personal information. If you choose not to provide your
personal information, the offered products and services may not be available to you.
Consent
By submitting personal information to NeoSounds, you acknowledge and agree that you have
consented to the collection, use and disclosure practices set out in this Privacy Policy as they
relate to your personal information.
Use of Your Personal Information
NeoSounds collects and uses your personal information to:
create and manage your account and registration;
process your orders and transactions;
provide customer service;
perform research and analysis aimed at improving our products, services and technologies,
including sending you surveys;
display content that is customized to your interests and preferences;
run surveys, contests, select entrants, and choose prize winners;
allow you to participate in Interactive Features of our website when you choose to do so,
including public forums, chats etc.;
if you are a content provider to NeoSounds, information to make payments to you, prepare tax
or legal documents, identify your uploaded content as your content;
to communicate with you about your transactions, new products and services;
we may send transaction-related communications such as welcome letters, billing reminders,
and purchase confirmations;
we may also send you surveys, marketing emails to inform you of new products or services or other
information or offers that may be of interest. These surveys or marketing emails may come from
NeoSounds or any of its divisions, affiliates or subsidiaries (the "NeoSounds Group"). If you do not
wish to receive surveys or marketing emails, you may change / update your marketing preferences
as described below or follow the “unsubscribe” instructions included within each email
communication.
Personal information collected by NeoSounds and its affiliates may be stored and processed in
Gibraltar or any other country in which NeoSounds or its parent, affiliates, subsidiaries or
agents maintain facilities, and by providing us with your personal information and using our
website or services, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country.
Sharing of Your Personal Information
Except as set out in this privacy policy or required by law, NeoSounds does not disclose or
sell your personal information to any third-parties.
We may share your personal information with third-party service providers who perform services
on our behalf. For example, we may hire other companies to handle the processing of payments,
to provide data storage, to host websites, to fulfill orders and shipments, to assist in marketing,
to conduct audits, etc. Those third-party service providers (i) shall be permitted to obtain
only the personal information they need to provide the service, (ii) must protect personal
information to the same extent as NeoSounds, and (iii) shall be prohibited from using it for
any other purpose.
If you purchase a license from NeoSounds to use the copyrighted content we offer (such as
sound recordings, audio files etc.), we may disclose some of your personal information
(name, company name or mailing address) to content providers or original authors of that content
to enable them to use the information for their internal record keeping or if it's required by law
in their jurisdictions to collect this information.
We may share your personal information within the NeoSounds Group, provided that the NeoSounds Group
uses your personal information for the same purposes and protects it to the same degree, as set
out in this privacy policy.
Information about our customers, including personal information, may be disclosed as part of any merger,
acquisition, sale of the company assets, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership
in which personal information could be transferred to third parties as one of NeoSounds' business assets.
We also may disclose personal information when we are required to or we believe it is appropriate to comply
with the law.
Changing or Deleting Your Personal Information
If you are a registered user, you may review or revise information that you previously provided to us,
you may access and change your personal information in the "My Account" section of the website.
You may also contact Customer Service by phone or email using the information provided in the "Contact"
section of the website.
If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your personal information to
provide you with our products and services, you may delete your account by sending a request to our Customer
Service.
Retaining Information
Your personal information collected is retained as long as it is reasonably required for the
purposes it was collected. Note that we also may retain and use your information as necessary to comply with
our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or enforce our agreements.
Marketing preferences
If at any time you decide that you do not want to receive marketing emails from us,
please let us know by: (i) checking or unchecking the appropriate box on your online
registration form when you sign up or in the "My Account" section of the website once you are
a member; (ii) contacting our Customer Service using one of the methods provided in the "Contact"
section of the website; (iii) follow the "unsubscribe" instructions included within each
email communication;
If you choose not to receive marketing communications, please be advised that you will continue
to receive transactional or account communications (e.g., confirmation emails, private policy
or terms of service update notices).
Cookies
We may use cookies when you visit our website. Cookies are small pieces of text sent to your web browser
by a website you visit. A cookie file is stored on your device and allows us or a third-party to
identify you when you return to our website, make your use of website more useful to you and gather
statistical information.
Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal
information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and
obtained from cookies. Certain cookies, however, may contain personal information – for example, if you
click to "remember me" when logging in, a cookie will store your user identifier.
We use different types of cookies to run our website:
Essential cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems.
They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services.
We use essential cookies for the following purposes:
to identify you when you visit our website and as you navigate our website;
to help us to determine if you are logged into our website and keep you logged;
to maintain the state of your shopping cart as you navigate our website;
to store basic information about your preferences;
as an element of the security measures used to protect user accounts, including preventing
fraudulent use of login credentials, and to protect our website and services generally;
Performance cookies
These cookies help us to collect, measure and analyze information about the use and performance of
our website and services, e.g. which pages you visit, traffic sources and if you experience any errors.
Performance cookies may be set through our website by our partners (such as Google Analytics).
Advertising or Targeting Cookies
These cookies gather information about your browsing habits in order to provide relevant,
interest-based advertising on our or third-party websites. They are also used to limit the number of
times you see an advert and to measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns.
Targeting / advertising cookies may be set through our website by our advertising partners.
Functional cookies
These cookies help us to provide enhanced, more personalised features (e.g remember choices you make,
such as your language or the region you are in). These cookies can also be used to remember changes
you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise.
The information these cookies collect is anonymized which means we can't identify you personally.
Social Media Cookies
Some of the pages on our website may contain tools or widgets that are linked to third-party
social media service providers such as Facebook, Twitter, Google+. LinkedIn etc. Through these tools
or widgets the social media service provider may set its own cookies on your device. These cookies are
not within our control. Please refer to the privacy policies of these organisations for how their
cookies work.
Other tracking technologies
In addition to cookies, we may use so called "web beacons" on our website and in promotional email
messages or newsletters. Web beacons are tiny (single-pixel) images embedded in email messages, on
webpages etc., They assist us in determining how many users have visited certain pages or opened
messages or newsletters. We do not use these images to collect personal information.
Choices regarding cookies
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most browsers automatically accept cookies,
but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies. If you delete cookies or refuse
to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer, you may not be able to
store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly.
In case of requiring further information regarding this practice and the users’ choices about not
having this information used by third-parties, please please visit www.networkadvertising.org or
contact our Customer Service using the information provided in the "Contact" section of the website.
Keeping Your Information Secure
The security of your information is crucial to us. We follow generally accepted and widely
adopted industry standards to help protect your personal information including without limitation:
allowing access to your personal information to our employees who are only required to do a
specific job and provide services to you;
employees are required to sign a confidentiality agreement to protect and not disclose
confidential information;
ensuring that third-party service providers have terms of use that respect and protect your
personal information and not use it for any unauthorized use;
encryption of all information transfers on our platforms using secure socket layer (SSL)
technology and storing your personal information in secure computer systems which protect it from
unauthorized access or use.
No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.
Therefore, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its
absolute security
If a password is used to protect your account and personal information, it is your responsibility
to keep your password confidential.
Interactive Features
Our website may include discussion forums or other interactive areas or services, including blogs,
chat rooms, message boards, online hosting or storage services, or other areas or services in which you
or third parties create, post or store any content, messages, comments, materials or other items on
the website ("Interactive Features"). If you use interactive features, you should be aware that
these areas are open to the public and any personal information you post or provide at registration
may be viewable by others.
We are not responsible for personal information you submit in connection with the Interactive Features,
nor are we responsible for how others might use that information, including to send you unsolicited
messages. Interactive Feature postings may be retained indefinitely. If at any time you would like to
remove a posting, please contact our Customer Services using the information in the "Contact" section
of the website. Keep in mind that removal of that postings does not mean that the postings will be deleted
from our systems.
Children
NeoSounds does not intend to solicit or collect personal information from anyone under the age of
18 without parental consent. If you are under 18, you shall not use or enter information on this site,
including without limitation, any Interactive Areas of the site without parental consent.
Links To Third Party Sites
We may link to websites, including those of our subsidiaries and third-party content providers,
that have different privacy policies and practices from those disclosed here. We assume no
responsibility for the policies or practices of such linked sites, and encourage you to become
acquainted with them prior to use.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change the terms of this privacy policy at any time. When we make changes,
we will revise the “last updated” date at the top of the policy. If there are material changes
to this statement or in how NeoSounds will use your personal information, we will notify you by
prominently posting a notice of such changes here, on our home page, when you login to your account
or by sending you an email. We encourage you to review this policy whenever you visit one of our websites.