https://www.centralhome.com/privacy.htm
CHHome Ballet Dance Dance Info Dance Videos Fitness Fitness Info Fitness Videos Sports Sports Info Sports Videos Instructors Learn SearchLearn to Dance, Exercise & Fitness, Sports, Music and Educationalwww.CentralHome.comPrivacy PolicyCommitment to PrivacyThis privacy statement was created in order to demonstrate this website's firm commitment to privacy. Due to the sensitive nature of some information we collect from users subscribing to services, including address and phone numbers, we believe it is important to satisfy strict privacy requirements. This Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how this site collects, uses and safeguards the personal information you provide to this website, the website's owner, and centralhome.com.When you request information, or join a mailing list, we may use this information to periodically notify our users about new features, new offers, marketing material related to the content of this website, etc. The information collected will not be used for any other purpose, unless we are required to do so by law or for the purpose of investigation of fraud. This website owner and creators Centralhome.com Company Inc. will never sell this information to another party for any reason. The formula used to send you information and service offers are developed and managed under traditional corporate standards designed to safeguard the security and privacy of the visitor's personal information.Personal information will only be updated if it is necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or if revisions are requested by the consumer. Upon request, an individual shall be informed of the existence, use and disclosure of his or her personal information and shall be given access to that information. This individual will be able to challenge the accuracy and completeness of this information and have it amended as appropriate.Collected InformationThis section describes the information collected from you the visitor and indicates the primary purposes why we collect each type of information from you.This site uses cookies to keep track of your session ID. We may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests. Cookies help collect important business and technical statistics. The information in the cookies lets us trace the paths followed by visitors to this website as they move from one page to another. Web server logs allow a count of how many people visit this website and evaluate this website's visitor capacity. We do not use these technologies to capture your individual email address or any personally identifying information. This information assists us to design and arrange Web pages in the most user-friendly manner and to continually improve this Web site to better meet the needs of all visitors.Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to your website or other websites.Google's use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet.Users may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting Ads SettingsPersonal Information You Choose to ProvideIf you choose to correspond with us through email, the site owner may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and responses. E-mail information is requested only so we may communicate directly with you. Personal information that is collected from this website is used to effectively market and provide you properly and efficiently the information you have requested.As a visitor, you will be given the opportunity to notify this site owner of your desire not to receive these offers. Such e-mail will have a properly formatted and effective Opt-out service. This service successfully removes you from future mailings, and does not contribute to spam.SecurityA major priority is to provide security for the information attained by us from our visitors. We employ industry recognized security safeguards to protect personally identifiable information. Our servers use a combination of firewalls, intrusion detection software and password protection designed to protect against unauthorized entry and loss, theft, or misuse of personal information. Although we will make every effort to protect personal information, no computer system is totally immune from hackers and others who might misuse information. We are not responsible for any breach of security that is beyond our reasonable control.Third PartyThe site owner and site creator are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from this website nor the information or content contained therein. Often links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of this Web site.Notification of Changes in this PolicyThis policy may be revised as new features are added or as law requires. Changes can be made without notification unless it is a substantial change to our privacy practices that would violate the privacy of our visitors. Please check this site for changes to this privacy policy as our site creators will post any changes 14 days before effective date.If you have any questions about the terms of this privacy policy, please contact the site owner directly, or the site creator using webmaster@centralhome.com. Please use the subject "Privacy at Centralhome". If you have reason to believe that your personal information is incorrect, or need help with how to opt out, please contact "support@centralhome.com". This privacy policy is applicable to all centralhome.com created web site systems.Disclaimer of LiabilityNeither this site owner, Centralhome.com Company Inc., nor any of its officers, employees, directors, contractors, suppliers' makes any warranty expressed or implied, including warranties of merchantability or assumes any legal liability for the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any information from this website.In addition, the above mentioned assumes no damages of any kind including but not limited to punitive and compensatory damages, indirect, loss of use, loss of data, loss of income or profit, loss of or damage to property, claims of third parties or other losses of any kind. The site creators take measures to make sure that the information from this web site is accurate and current, however make no claim to warrant it. If there are inaccuracies, the site owner and creators will take action to make sure the inaccuracy is dealt with in a timely manor. Should you need to inform us of any such inaccuracies please contact the site owner directly or webmaster@centralhome.com Centralhome TM, CH TM  - Centralhome.com Company Inc. All rights reserved worldwide.See also Copyright and Trademarks, and Disclaimer and Terms of Use.ShareRedditDiggBlogger Jake Fuller
CentralHome started as a small newsletter in 1991 and we created our first website in 1996. Our team added ecommerce in 1998. © 1996 - 2019 Centralhome.com Company Inc. All rights reserved worldwide. Centralhome ™ CH ™ ShopBalletDanceEducationalFitnessInstructorsSports Social Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest Info About ContactTermsCookiesPrivacyCopyrightCookie Settings Consult your physician before starting any diet, dance, fitness, exercise or sports program