http://www.theatrestrust.org.uk/terms-conditions
Terms & Conditions
Website Terms of Use
This page (together with the documents referred to on it) tells you the terms of use on which you may make use of our website www.theatrestrust.org.uk. Please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use the site. By using our site, you indicate that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to abide by them. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please refrain from using our site.
Information about us
www.theatrestrust.org.uk is a site operated by Theatres Trust. We are a statutory body established by an Act of Parliament in 1976 and have our registered office at 22 Charing Cross Road, London WC2H 0QL. Our VAT number is GB 539 0362 45. Theatres Trust co-operates with, and has the same staff and trustees as, the Theatres Trust Charitable Fund. This is a registered charity under charity number 274697. Its VAT number is GB 691 0868 11.
Accessing our site
Access to our site is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the service we provide on our site without notice (see below). We will not be liable if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of our site, or our entire site, to users who have registered with us.
If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any third party. We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use.
When using our site, you must comply with the provisions of our booking terms, terms and conditions of supply, and privacy policy that collectively are the whole agreement between you and the Trust.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our site. You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms, and that they comply with them.
If you have been issued with or have created access code(s), such as user ID or passwords to access restricted areas of the site (for example log in passwords), you must keep all access codes secret and must not allow any other person or organisation to use these to access the site. You must notify us immediately of any suspected or actual unauthorised use of your access codes.
Intellectual property rights
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.
You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site for your personal reference and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to material posted on our site.
You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of material on our site must always be acknowledged. You must not use any part of the materials on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.
If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, if we request, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
Copyright clearance
Theatres Trust is committed to making digital copies of archival material and born-digital photographs available to the public through its website and online Image Library. Through making this material available we hope to educate the public about theatre buildings, and promote their better protection. All images displayed on the website are provided for the purpose of non-commercial research/private study and should not be reproduced without seeking the approval of Theatres Trust.
Theatres Trust takes reasonable steps to assess the copyright status of material and contact rights holders before making material available online, in order to reduce the risk of damage to third parties. Theatres Trust will not make any material believed to contain sensitive or personal data available online.
Takedown policy
If you object to any material appearing on our website, for reasons of privacy, copyright or otherwise, please contact us. You will need to let us know your name, contact details, a description of or hyperlink to the material you object to, and the reason you would like it taken down. We will review each case and may remove the material from our website.
Overseas jurisdictions
We have used reasonable endeavours to ensure that the site complies with UK laws, but cannot ensure that it is appropriate or available for use in every territory outside the UK. Those who visit the site from other territories are responsible for compliance with all applicable laws. If your use of the site is contrary to any applicable law in your jurisdiction, you are not authorised to use the site and must desist immediately.
Reliance on information posted
Commentary and other materials posted on our site are not intended to amount to advice on which reliance should be placed. We do not guarantee that the information contained on our site is accurate, verified or complete. We therefore disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by any visitor to our site, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents.
We do not guarantee that the functions or materials accessible from or contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that the site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or faults.
You are responsible for ensuring that your computer system meets all relevant technical specifications necessary to use the site and is compatible with the site. You are also responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and virus checks to satisfy your requirements.
Our site changes regularly
We aim to update our site regularly, and may change the content at any time. If the need arises, we may suspend access to our site, or close it indefinitely. Any of the material on our site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material.
Our liability
In circumstances where you suffer loss or damage arising out of or in connection with the use of the site, we accept no liability for this loss or damage. To the extent permitted by law, we, other members of our group of companies and third parties connected to us hereby expressly exclude:
All conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity.
Any liability for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred by any user in connection with our site or in connection with the use, inability to use, or results of the use of our site, any websites linked to it and any materials posted on it, including, without limitation any liability for: loss of income or revenue; loss of business; loss of profits or contracts; loss of anticipated savings; loss of data; loss of goodwill; wasted management or office time; and any other loss or damage of any kind, however arising and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable, provided that this condition shall not prevent claims for loss of or damage to your tangible property or any other claims for direct financial loss that are not excluded by any of the categories set out above.
This does not affect our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, nor our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation or misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter, nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Notwithstanding the above, if we are liable to you for any reason, our liability will be limited to £200. This limit does not apply to any liability we may have for death or personal injury resulting from our negligence or from our fraudulent misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter.
Information about you and your visits to our site
We process information about you in accordance with our privacy policy. By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
Transactions concluded through our site
Contracts for the supply of goods or services formed through our site or as a result of visits made by you are governed by our terms and conditions of supply and our booking terms for the provision of services.
Viruses, hacking and other offences
You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack.
By breaching this provision, you may commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of any breach of this provision, your right to use our site will cease immediately.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our site or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
Linking to our site
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you.
Our site must not be framed on any other site. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. If you wish to make any use of material on our site other than that set out above, please address your request to info@theatrestrust.org.uk.
Links from our site
Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
Jurisdiction and applicable law
The English courts will have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, a visit to our site although we retain the right to bring proceedings against you for breach of these conditions in your country of residence or any other relevant country. These terms of use are governed by English law.
Trade marks
Theatres Trust and the accompanying logo and all other Theatres Trust trade names, logos or project names are our registered or unregistered trademarks and/or other intellectual property of Theatres Trust or third parties. You may not copy, use or reproduce these without our written consent.
Variations
We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in these terms of use may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our site.
Other Theatres Trust Policies
For further information please click on the policies below:
Privacy Policy
Complaints Policy
Information, Advice & Guidance Policy