http://www.historicbrass.org/about-us/cookie-policy
Join / Renew
×
Individual 2021 Membership
$42.00
HBS Membership for the 2021 calendar year.  Includes the 2021 Historic Brass Journal which will be mailed at the end of 2021 or in early 2022.
Sign Up
Individual 2021 Membership Plus 2020 Journal
$65.00
HBS 2021 Membership with additional 2020 Historic Brass Journal
Sign Up
Students / Seniors 2021
$35.00
Discounted rate for full-time students or senior citizens (65+).  This will start with the 2021 membership year and include the 2021 Historic Brass Journal which will be mailed between December 2021 and February 2022.
Sign Up
Institutional 2021
$42.00
Educational, research, and library institutions subscription for the 2021 Historic Brass Journal.
Sign Up
Individual 2021-2023 3-Year Membership
$110.00
Individual 3-year HBS membership for membership years 2021-2023.  Includes the Historic Brass Journal for 2021, 2022 and 2023.  Journals are typically mailed out either at the end of the membership year or at the beginning of the following year.
Sign Up
Login / Logout
HomeNews & Events
Recent NewsFeatures
ArticlesReviewsBook ReviewsMusic ReviewsRecording ReviewsAdditional ContentCommissioned CompositionsInstrument MakersInterviewsLinks of Interest to Our MembersVideosContent ArchivePublications
Publications of the HBSHistoric Brass Society JournalHistoric Brass Society NewsletterAwards
Christopher Monk AwardUtley Travel AwardAbout Us
About the HBSJoin Us!Donate!HBS PersonnelCookie PolicyPrivacy PolicyHBS Leadership and Staff Positions and CommitteesBy-Laws of the Historical Brass SocietyMembers
Your ProfileLogout
Editorial Staff
01 July 2018
Hits: 3451
Print
Email
Like most similar websites, this site uses cookies. On this page we explain more about cookies and how we use them. By using this website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
About cookies
Cookies are files, often including unique identifiers, that are sent by web servers to web browsers, and which may then be sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies can be used by web servers to identify and track users as they navigate different pages on a website, and to identify users returning to a website.
Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies. A persistent cookie consists of a text file sent by a web server to a web browser, which will be stored by the browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date (unless deleted by the user before the expiry date). A session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
Cookies on this website
We use both persistent and session cookies on this website.
How we use cookies
Cookies do not contain any information that personally identifies you, but personal information that we store about you may be linked, by us, to the information stored in and obtained from cookies. The cookies used on the website include those which are strictly necessary cookies for access and navigation, cookies that track usage (performance cookies), remember your choices (functionality cookies), and cookies that provide you with targeted content or advertising, though we currently have no advertising on our website.
We may use the information we obtain from your use of our cookies for the following purposes:
To recognise your computer when you visit the website
To track you as you navigate the website, and to enable the use of any e-commerce facilitiesTo improve the website’s usability
To analyse the use of the website
In the administration of the website
To personalise the website for you
Third party cookies
When you use the website, you may also be sent third party cookies.
We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. The IP address will be truncated before transmission. On our behalf Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet activity in connection with the use of the website. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. In addition to that you may prevent the collection of the information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) and the processing of this data by Google if you download and install the browser plug-in available at the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
You can find further information on Google Analytics on http://www.google.com. Further information on Google’s Privacy Policy can be found under the address http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacypolicy.html#information.
Blocking cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. For example:
In Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector;
In Firefox you can block all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Options”, and un-checking “Accept cookies from sites” in the “Privacy” box.
In Google Chrome you can adjust your cookie permissions by clicking “Options”, “Under the hood”, Content Settings in the “Privacy” section. Click on the Cookies tab in the Content Settings.
Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites including this one. If you block cookies, you may not be able to use certain features on the website (log on, access content, use search functions).
Deleting cookies
You can also delete cookies already stored on your computer:
In Internet Explorer, you must manually delete cookie files;
In Firefox, you can delete cookies by, first ensuring that cookies are to be deleted when you “clear private data” (this setting can be changed by clicking “Tools”, “Options” and “Settings” in the “Private Data” box) and then clicking “Clear private data” in the “Tools” menu.
In Google Chrome you can adjust your cookie permissions by clicking “Options”, “Under the hood”, Content Settings in the “Privacy” section. Click on the Cookies tab in the Content Settings.
Doing this may have a negative impact on the usability of many websites.
Contact us
The website is owned and operated by Historic Brass Society, Inc., a non-profit organization registered in the United States.
Historic Brass Society, Inc.
148 West 23rd Street #5F
New York, NY 10011 USA
If you have any questions or comments about this Notice, or if you would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences, please email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
Prev
Next
Login | Logout | RegisterSubscribe or Renew