https://www.southernunionchorus.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Home
Book Us
Contact
Watch & Hear Us
Testimonials
Links
Members
www.southernunionchorus.co.ukWe are dedicated to safeguarding and preserving your privacy when visiting our site or communicating electronically with us.This Privacy Policy, together with our terms of use, provides an explanation as to what happens to any personal data that you provide to us, or that we collect from you.Information We CollectIn operating our website we may collect and process the following data about you:i. Details of your visits to our website and the resources that you access, including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data.ii. Information that you provide by filling in forms on our website, such as when you registered for information or make a purchase.iii. Information provided to us when you communicate with us for any reason.Use of Your InformationThe information that we collect and store relating to you is primarily used to enable us to provide our services to you. In addition, we may use the information for the following purposes:i. To provide you with information requested from us, relating to our products or services. To provide information on other products which we feel may be of interest to you, where you have consented to receive such information.ii. To meet our contractual commitments to you.iii. To notify you about any changes to our website, such as improvements or service/product changes, that may affect our service.Storing Your Personal DataWe will take all reasonable steps to make sure that your data is treated securely and in agreement with this Privacy Policy. Data that is provided to us is stored on our secure servers. Details relating to any transactions entered into on our site will be encrypted to ensure its safety. The transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure and therefore we cannot guarantee the security of data sent to us electronically and transmission of such data is therefore entirely at your own risk.Third Party LinksYou may find links to third party websites on our website. These websites should have their own privacy policies which you should check. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies whatsoever as we have no control over them.Access To InformationThe Data Protection Act 1998 gives you the right to access the information that we hold about you. Should you wish to receive details that we hold about you please contact us using the contact details below.Contacting UsWe welcome any queries, comments or requests you may have regarding this Privacy Policy. Please do not hesitate to contact us.