https://www.fashionoffice.org/contact/terms.htm
beautyme collections culture cuisine motor music search
Terms
of Use/Privacy
How to use Fashionoffice (fashionoffice.org, fashion.at, beautyme.com, confashion.com, styleradar.com, beautyradar.com, FashionAvigator.com, cytara.com)
You are
allowed to use our sites and services for personal purposes only. If
you cannot agree with these terms of use, please do not use our sites.
You are responsible that any information you provide to our sites does
not violate any laws and regulations or propriety rights and copyrights;
you are not allowed to use our sites and any information posted on them
in any commercial or other unauthorized way, unless you have a concrete
written permission by us. Any communication or content you transmit
to our sites will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary.
Our sites are not intended for users under the age of 14; in some sections
the age limit and requirements may be 18 and higher, depending on the
current services and content.
We are not responsible and liable for
the content and services of any other sites linked to from our sites
or information on our sites provided by others than ourselves.
All offers
and services are not-binding and without obligation. Our articles are
fact-checked at the time of publication. Unfortunately, contact information,
staff, and products change over time, so we can not guarantee the accuracy
of older content.
You are using our sites and services at your own risk. We have no liability of accuracy, access, reliability, completeness of any information or loss of data or for any direct and indirect damages, lost profit damages, etc., even if Sawetz has been advised of the possibility of such damages, or any violation of laws using our sites and services and you agree to hold us harmless from any liability, claim, demand, etc. made by you and any third party.
Any illegal automated use of our sites, services, content, etc. like using scripts, robots, etc. is prohibited. We reserve the right to make any changes to our sites, services and these terms of use without notice.
Privacy
Any personally identifying information you provide to us is voluntary. We collect information regarding visiting our websites and using our services in accordance to the applicable laws, rules and privacy regulations. We use that collected data only as anonymous aggregate data especially to help us make our sites and services more useful and user friendly. We do not use the collected information to track or record information to identify individuals.
We have contracted with third parties to monitor certain pages of our website for the purpose of reporting website traffic, statistics, advertisement 'click-throughs', information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you, and/or other activities on our website. Where authorized by us, these third parties may use cookies, web beacons, and/or other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous statistics about our website visitors. Check out Network Advertising Initiative to get more information about interest-based advertising and your choices to "Opt out" of targeted advertising delivered by NAI member ad networks.
You may still visit our sites if you decline cookies. How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services.
You can opt-out personal information you send us voluntary to use our services at any time by using the unsubscribe link in the service you have chosen to use or send us an email with your wish to opt-out from the email address you have provided us to use our services and the concrete data you want to opt-out to home@fashionoffice.org.
Copyright
Fashionoffice (fashionoffice.org, fashion.at, beautyme.com, confashion.com, styleradar.com, beautyradar.com, FashionAvigator.com, cytara.com)
are sites, intellectual property, domains, copyrighted brand names and services of
Sawetz
Ravelinstrasse 5A,
Austria - 1110 Vienna
Phone
+43 69912607626
Email home@fashionoffice.org
Our sites and all of its contents, services, data, concepts, domain names, etc. are owned and copyrighted by Sawetz or partners of Sawetz with all rights reserved unless otherwise noted. Unauthorized use like copy the content or parts of the content, etc., or all other forms of use without written permission from Sawetz is forbidden. All copyright and other intellectual property rights on our sites are owned by Sawetz or are included with permission of the relevant owner. Fashionoffice (and all connected sites/domains by Sawetz) opens space as a platform for other journalists to spread their word, messages and opinions; the individual author is personally responsible for any content (propriety rights, licensing fees, etc of images, text …) and statements used by him/herself in the article, delivered by him/her und published on our domains as a personal labeled and authored article.
Sending information to Fashionoffice
By sending us/providing us information/content
(for editorial publication, forums, contests,
databases, archives, promotion, votings, advertising, lotteries or other forms
of publication) you grant us an unrestricted, unlimited, irrevocable,
royalty-free, worldwide and perpetual right to use, modify, reproduce,
distribute, publish and sublicense any such information/content
(including information
about you) for any purpose and in any medium and agree to indemnify and hold us
and our partners harmless in any case of breach of any law, or propriety rights
or copyrights, etc. and from any liability, claim, loss, demand, etc. made by
you and any third party.
We have the right to modify or delete any information
you sent us without any notice. By sending us commercial oriented information you agree with these terms of use and only use contents also suitable for children and adolescents.
Sending us your profile, using the
forums or contacting us in any other way must describe you as an individual
person, with all the relevant data to contact you.
All provided information (in
the forums or for editorial publication, promotion, advertising, etc.) from
others than Sawetz represents the opinion of the individual content
provider. You, as the content/information provider, agree to hold us harmless
from all liabilities which may arise from the use of our sites and services,
the delivery of information and content or your breach of this agreement.
How to delete your personal information from Fashionoffice
Data regarding
personal information you have sent to us will be eliminated if you want.
Please send an email to: home@fashionoffice.org and describe which of your personal data, that you have sent to us shall
be eliminated.
How to send press releases to Fashionoffice
Send your
press releases to
home@fashionoffice.org.
Support Fashion.at
with a donation!
contact/imprint - terms of use