http://www.dazeddigital.com/info/article/825/1/terms-conditions
News
Fashion
Music
Art & Photography
Film & TV
Science & Tech
Life & Culture
Politics
Icon/Social/TikTok
Dazed100
Beauty
Magazine
Search
Contact
About
Jobs
Legal
Dazed media sitesAboutJobsLegalMagazineShareInfoIncomingTerms & Conditions10August 2008TextDazed Digital
The use of this website is provided subject to the following terms and conditions. Please read this User Agreement carefully.
General:
In visiting DazedDigital.com you are agreeing to be legally bound by the following terms, which shall take effect immediately on your first use of the site.
If you do not agree with the rules contained in this Agreement, please do not use the Service.
Dazed Digital may modify this Agreement from time to time and such modification shall be effective upon posting online. Please review this Agreement regularly to ensure you are updated as to any changes. To continue to use DazedDigital.com after changes are posted means you agree to be legally bound by these terms as updated and/or amended.
Use of the site:
All material on the site is the property of DazedDigital.com, unless otherwise stated.
Unless content carries the a “share” icon you may not copy, reproduce, download, post, make available to the public, or otherwise use DazedDigital.com content in any way except for your own personal, non-commercial use.
You also agree, on entering this site, not to adapt, alter or create a derivative work from the site content except for your own personal, non-commercial use.
You agree to use DazedDigital.com only for lawful purposes, and in a way that does not infringe the rights of, restrict or inhibit anyone else's use and enjoyment of DazedDigital.com. Prohibited behaviour includes harassing or causing distress or inconvenience to any person, transmitting obscene or offensive content or disrupting the normal flow of dialogue within DazeDdigital.com.
Cookies
We use several common tracking tools on our website. Our vendors may also use these tools. These may include browser cookies. We may also use web beacons, flash cookies, and similar technologies.
We use these tools to: Recognize new or past users, improve our website, collect information about your browsing history, better understand the interests of our users and web site visitors and serve them with the most relevant content
You can control tracking tools
Your browser may give you the ability to control cookies. How you do so depends on the type of cookie. Certain browsers can be set to reject browser cookies. To control flash cookies, which we may use on our website from time to time, you can go here. Why? Because flash cookies cannot be controlled through your browser settings. If you block cookies on your browser, certain features on our website may not work. If you block or delete cookies, not all of the tracking that we have described in this Policy will stop.
Some browsers have a “do not track” feature that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. These features are not yet uniform, so we are not currently set up to respond to those signals.
Advertising
We implement Google Analytics features that use Display Advertising information for Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising, to prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics, by going to the Google Analytics opt-out page.
We, along with third-party vendors (including Google), use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookies) to report how your ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to our website. You can read more about the cookies  used by Google Analytics advertising features, by going to the Google Analytics Privacy Policy page.
Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability
The content of DazedDigital.com, including the information, names, images, pictures, logos and icons regarding or relating to DazedDigital.com or Dazed & Confused its products and services (or to third party products and services), is provided "AS IS" and on an "IS AVAILABLE" basis without any representations or any kind of warranty made (whether express or implied by law) to the extent permitted by law, including the implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy.
Contributions to Dazed Digital
Where you are invited to submit any contribution to DazedDigital.com you agree, by submitting your contribution, to grant DazedDigital the right to reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate create derivitative works from, distribute, preform, play, make available to the public, and / or to incorporate your contribution in other works in any media now known or later developed.
You warrant that your contribution:
Is your own original work and that you have the right to make it available for purposes specified aboveIt is not defamatoryIt does not infringe on any law
You agree to indemnify Dazed Digital against all legal fees, damages, and other expenses that may be incurred by Dazed Digital as a result of your breach of the above warranty, and waive any moral rights in your contribution for the purposes of its submission to and publication on DazedDigital.com and the purposes specified above.
These terms shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.
2020 Dazed 100 Campaign
Dazed will be running a series of social promotions throughout the Dazed 100 campaign – a campaign, in partnership with Converse, to promote new creative voices driving culture forward.
Participation in the prize draw promotion (“Promotion”) constitutes Entrant’s full and unconditional agreement to these terms and conditions.  Entrant is free to disclaim any prize and status as Entrant, and as a result, will not be eligible to receive any prize.  The Promotion is administered by Waddell Ltd trading as Dazed Media (“Dazed”). All decisions related to, as well as all interpretation of, these terms and conditions by Dazed, are final and binding.  While this Promotion may be promoted via social media websites, such websites are not affiliated with Dazed or this Promotion.
The prize draw is free to enter and there is one method of entry.  By participating in the Promotion in any way you will become an “Entrant”.  Each Entrant who enters using the below method of entry will receive one entry in the Promotion.  To enter the Promotion entrants must reply to the related call to action posted on Dazed Social Media.
Only entries received within the time frame specified on the call to action related to the Promotion posted on Dazed social media account will be entered into the Promotion (the “Promotion Period”). Entries received after the applicable Promotion Period specified on the relevant social media posts will not be processed.
Dazed accepts no responsibility for entries not successfully completed due to a technical fault of any kind.
The winners will receive one of the available prizes to be won as described in the relevant Promotion social media posts on Dazed’s social media account.  The prizes are non-exchangeable, non-transferable, and no cash alternative is offered. Dazed reserves the right to replace the prizes with alternatives of equal or higher value if circumstances beyond its control make it necessary to do so.
Personal data supplied during the course of this Promotion will be processed as set out in the Dazed’s privacy notice and in the privacy notice of the Dazed 100 Campaign partner, Converse.
Dazed will send the surname and county of prize winners to anyone who emails Dazed at Dazed100@dazedmedia.com within one month after the end of the Dazed 100 Campaign Closing Date. If you object to any or all of your surname, county and winning entry being published or made available, please contact us. Please note we will still provide the information and winning entry to the Advertising Standards Authority at their request.
Winners of the Promotion prizes will be chosen by random draw  The Promotion winners will be awarded at the end of the Dazed 100 Campaign and no later than 25/06/2020. The winners of physical prizes will be notified by email (using the details provided at entry). If a winner does not respond to Dazed within [30] days of being notified by Dazed, then the winner’s prize will be forfeited. The winners of digital prizes will receive their prize directly to the email address (provided at entry).
No correspondence will be entered into in respect of the Promotion except with the prize winners.
Dazed reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, this Promotion with or without prior notice due to reasons outside their control or where it becomes necessary to do so and/or to amend or modify these terms and conditions at any time.
These terms and conditions are governed by the laws of England and Wales. Any disputes arising under or in connection with them shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England.
InfoIncoming
Contact
About
Jobs
Legal
Privacy Settings
Dazed Media
Another
Another Man
Nowness
Dazed Studio