http://www.florentineopera.org/legal
Cart
0
Tickets
Education and Training
Support Opera
Have More Fun
About Us
Donate
Buy Tickets
Contact
Back
Come to a Show
Subscriptions
Interlude A La Carte
Appearances Around Town
Community Circle
Back
Quarantine Opera
Cinderella for Schools
Opera In Schools
Studio Artists and Summer Concert Residency
Florentine Family Day
Back
Ways to Give
Corporate & Foundation Support
Events
Volunteer
Support Opera & Look Cool
Back
It's My First Time
Pre-performance Talks
Out Of Town Options
Venues, Menus & Parking
Back
Mission & History
Staff & Board
Press & Financials
Chorus & Orchestra
Rentals
Join Team Florentine
Former Repertoire
Legal Disclaimer and Privacy PolicyLove The Opera? You’re In Good Company.Welcome to the official website of the Florentine Opera Company of Milwaukee, WI. This website is created for the purpose of providing visitors with information about The Florentine Opera Company, its productions and events, as well as to fulfill ticket requests and accept contributions. Visitors are encouraged to browse our web site as often as desired. The Florentine Opera Company is deeply committed to protecting the privacy of visitors to our website. The following document details the policies that we have created in order to do so.Welcome to the official website of the Florentine Opera Company of Milwaukee, WI. This website is created for the purpose of providing visitors with information about The Florentine Opera Company, its productions and events, as well as to fulfill ticket requests and accept contributions. Visitors are encouraged to browse our web site as often as desired. The Florentine Opera Company is deeply committed to protecting the privacy of visitors to our website. The following document details the policies that we have created in order to do so. Personal InformationPersonal information is considered any data or information related to the personal identity of a visitor to this website, including name, address, phone number, credit card number, email address and purchase history. The Florentine Opera Company agrees to use this information solely for the purpose for which it is intended. Therefore, the Florentine Opera Company may use your email address to contact you regarding Florentine Opera events, discounts and special offers. The Florentine Opera Company agrees never to sell personal information, including email addresses. Subscribers wishing to stop receiving email updates may unsubscribe at any time. Should any viewer respond with information including feedback data, (such as questions, comments, suggestions, or the like regarding the content of any such The Florentine Opera Company document), such information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and The Florentine Opera Company shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to such information and shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose and distribute the information to others without limitation. Financial InformationThe Florentine Opera will protect any financial information provided by ticket buyers at this website. While purchasing tickets online, your credit card is encrypted using current secure communication technologies, and your credit card number will be used ONLY for processing orders or contributions. LinksThis website provides links to the websites of other organizations. The Florentine Opera Company cannot control the use of personal or financial information by these other websites. Copyright InformationProduct names, companies and brand names mentioned herein may be trademarks and/or registered trademarks of their respective companies. The Florentine Opera Company hereby authorizes you to copy documents published by The Florentine Opera Company on the World Wide Web for non-commercial use within your organization only. In consideration of this authorization, you agree that any copy of these documents which you make shall retain all copyright, claims of authorship, and other proprietary notices contained herein. Each individual document published by The Florentine Opera Company on the World Wide Web may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information relating to that individual document. This publication is provided “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you. Changes To The WebsiteThe Florentine Opera Company pages may include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes may be periodically made to these pages; these changes will be incorporated in new editions of these publications. The Florentine Opera Company may make improvements and/or changes in the products and/or the programs described in these publications at any time without notice. Contact InformationQuestions or comments regarding the Florentine Opera Company privacy policy should be directed to info@florentineopera.org, or by mail to 700 N. Water St, Suite 950, Milwaukee, WI 53202.