https://www.cameronmackintosh.com/legal/privacy
Home
About
Productions
News
Theatres
Jobs
Contact
Online Privacy Notice
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy and personal data are protected and that you know what we use your data for.
This Privacy Notice sets out how we use and protect any information that you give us when you use our websites. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using our websites, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this Privacy Notice. We may change this Notice from time to time by updating this page. It is your responsibility to check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This Notice is effective from 25 May 2018.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this website, you signify your acceptance of this Notice. If you do not agree to this Notice, please do not use our website. Your continued use of the website following the posting of changes to this Notice will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contents
What we collect
What we do with the information we collect
Security and how we protect your information
How we use cookies
Links to third-party websites or services
Children
Sharing your personal information
Controlling your personal information
International use
People who email us
Job applicants
Auditions
What we collect
You may visit our websites anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from you only if you voluntarily submit it to us. You can always refuse to supply personal identification information, but that may prevent you from engaging in certain activities on our websites.
Information that we collect may include the following:
anonymous website analysis statistics (e.g. traffic data, visitor behaviour patterns, location data and other communication data);
personal information provided when you fill in forms or register for newsletters or updates on our websites such as your name, email and postal addresses, post code, telephone number, social media username or handle, preferences, interests (note that this facility is currently not in use);
personal information provided via this website when you complete surveys used for research purposes;
personal information provided via this website when you enter a competition or promotion;
a record of any correspondence should you contact us.
What we do with the information we collect
We require this information to understand your needs and interests and provide you with a tailored service, and in particular for the following reasons:
internal record keeping;
to improve our products, services and events;
to maintain good customer service, deal with enquiries and complaints and notify you about changes to our service;
where requested and/or consent has been given, the direct marketing of products, services and events;
where requested and/or consent has been given, the direct marketing of products, services and events by trusted third parties;
where requested and/or consent has been given, the provision (by email or SMS) of news and updates, as well as details of events, special offers, promotions and competitions;
where consent has been given, to conduct market research campaigns;
to administer, support, improve and develop our website, as well as customise it according to your interests and the manner in which you access it;
to monitor your compliance with our Terms & Conditions.
Security and how we protect your information
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure and always processed in accordance with current data protection laws. Where possible we encrypt data, and we adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username and data stored on our websites.
Note that data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, and whilst we try our best we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets us know when you visit a particular website. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer but note that this may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to third-party websites or services
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest, e.g. ticket sales or theatres. However, once you have used these links to leave our website, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such websites and such websites are not governed by this Privacy Notice. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy notice, policy or statement applicable to the website in question.
Additionally, we may embed content or services hosted by third-party websites, who may in turn store their own cookies or collect their own information. Services regularly used on this website include, but are not limited to, the following: Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager, Google+, YouTube, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter.
Children
We currently do not process children’s data. Should that change, we will take into account children’s reduced ability to recognise and critically assess the purposes behind the processing and the potential consequences of providing their personal data.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal identification information to others.
We may share your personal information with carefully selected third parties so that they can contact you about subjects that may be of interest to you, as outlined above.
We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners and trusted affiliates for the purposes outlined above.
We may use third-party service providers to help us operate our business and the websites or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or administering promotions. We may share your personal information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Where we disclose your information to third parties, we require them under contract to comply with data protection laws and to keep your information safe and secret.
Controlling your personal information
We must not share your information with anybody else unless we are required by law to do so or you give express and informed consent for us to do so.
Therefore, we may only use your personal information…
for direct marketing purposes; or
to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting; or
for any purpose not expressly stated on any form that you complete on this website…
…if you expressly and actively tell us that you wish this to happen, e.g. by ticking a box confirming that you would like this to happen. Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on this website, make sure you do not tick that box by accident if you do not want us to share your information.
If you have chosen to receive emails from us and subsequently wish to unsubscribe from them or change your expressed marketing permissions, you can do so at any time and we include an unsubscribe link and/or detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email. Likewise, you can opt out of receiving SMS messages at any time.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you but note that a fee will be payable in certain circumstances. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to us at the following address: Data Protection Compliance Manager, Cameron Mackintosh Limited, One Bedford Square, London, WC1B 3RB.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect, out of date or incomplete, please email us dataprotection@camack.co.uk or write to us at the address above as soon as possible so that we can comply with our obligations to keep your information accurate. Equally, you have the right to request us to delete your personal data where there is no compelling reason for us to hold it.
International use
We may need to transfer your data outside the UK (and possibly to places outside the European Economic Area) and by using this website you consent to us transferring any such data in this way. However, any company outside the EEA to whom we transfer data is contractually bound to protect your personal data.
People who email us
We use Transport Layer Security (TLS) to encrypt and protect email traffic. If your email service does not support TLS, you should be aware that any emails we send or receive may not be protected in transit.
Job applicants
CML is the data controller for the information you provide either in response to a job advertisement or on an unsolicited basis (e.g. sending your CV in 'on spec').
What will we do with the information you provide to us?
All the information you provide during a job application process will only be used for the purpose of progressing your application, or to fulfil legal or regulatory requirements if necessary.
We will not share any of the information you provide during the recruitment process with any third parties for marketing purposes or store any of your information outside of the European Economic Area. The information you provide will be held securely by us whether the information is in electronic or physical format.
We will use the contact details you provide to us to contact you to progress your application. We will use the other information you provide to assess your suitability for the role you have applied for.
If you send us your CV unsolicited you do so on the understanding that we will retain it and/or circulate it within our organisation as we deem appropriate (but always in accordance with relevant laws).
What information do we ask for, and why?
We do not collect more information than we need to fulfil our stated purposes and will not retain it for longer than is necessary.
The information we ask for is used to assess your suitability for employment. You don’t have to provide what we ask for but it might affect your application if you don't.
Application and interview stage
We will ask you for your personal details including name and contact details. We will also ask you about your previous experience, education or training, referees and for answers to questions relevant to the role you have applied for.
You may also be asked to provide equal opportunities information. This is not mandatory information – if you don’t provide it, it will not affect your application. This information will not be made available to any staff outside of the relevant recruitment team in a way which can identify you. Any information you do provide will be used only to produce and monitor equal opportunities statistics.
Conditional offer
If we make a conditional offer of employment we will ask you for information so that we can carry out pre-employment checks. You must successfully complete pre-employment checks to progress to a final offer. We are required to confirm the identity of our staff, their right to work in the United Kingdom and seek assurance as to their trustworthiness, integrity and reliability.
You may therefore typically be required (as appropriate to the role sought) to:
provide proof of your identity – you will be asked to attend our office or other location with original documents and we will take copies;
provide proof of your qualifications – you will be asked to attend our office with original documents and we will take copies;
complete a criminal records declaration to declare any unspent convictions;
possibly undergo a DBS check if you will be working with children;
complete a questionnaire about your health in order to establish your fitness to work.
If relevant, we will contact your referees, using the details you provide in your application, to obtain references.
If we make a final offer, we will also ask you for the following:
bank details – to process salary payments;
emergency contact details – so we know who to contact in case you have an emergency at work.
How long is the information retained for?
If you are successful, the information you provide during the application process and your references will be retained by us as part of your employee file for the duration of your employment plus 6 years following the end of your employment.
If you are unsuccessful at any stage of the process, the information you have provided until that point will be retained for up to 12 months from the date that the post is filled.
Information generated throughout the assessment process, for example interview notes, is retained by us for up to 12 months from the date that the post is filled.
Equal opportunities information is retained for up to 12 months following from the date that the post is filled whether you are successful or not.
Unsolicited CVs will be destroyed or deleted after 12 months.
How we make decisions about recruitment
Final recruitment decisions are made by the relevant head of department. All of the information gathered during the application process is taken into account.
You are able to ask about decisions made about your application by speaking to your contact within CML.
Auditions
Note we have a separate Auditionee Privacy Notice which will be supplied at the first audition.
© Cameron Mackintosh Limited 2020
Terms
Cookies
Privacy
Modern Slavery Act
Site by Ten4