http://www.susanmallery.com/privacy.php
Want bonus content and book updates?
Show Menu
Books
AVAILABLE NOW
COMING SOON
AUDIOBOOKS
PRINTABLE BACKLIST
THEFRIENDSHIPLIST.COM
PAINTEDMOONWINERY.COM
SUNSHINEANDMARGOT.COM
HAPPILYINC.COM
BLACKBERRYISLAND.COM
MISCHIEFBAY.COM
FOOLSGOLDCA.COM
WHENWEFOUNDHOME.COM
TULIPSISTERS.COM
DAUGHTERSOFTHEBRIDE.COM
DESERTROGUES.COM
Reviews
About Susan
Meet Susan/FAQs
Media
Connect with Susan
Members Only
Members Only Home
Mailing List
Contests
Freebies
Extended Excerpt
Recipes
Susan's Photo Album
Short Stories
Podcasts
Contact Susan
THE VINEYARD AT PAINTED MOON
FEBRUARY 9, 2021
Privacy Policy
Last updated May 1, 2018
Susan Mallery, et. al (“we” or “us” or “our”) respects the privacy of our users (“user” or “you”). This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you visit our website https://susanmallery.com/ including any other media form, media channel, mobile website, or mobile application related or connected thereto (collectively, the “Site”). Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS THE SITE.
POLICY CHANGES
The terms of this policy may change from time to time. If you disagree with the
changes that have been made, please contact us (by e-mail, using a website
contact form, or in writing by mail), and any changes made to this policy will
not apply to information we have collected from you prior to making the
changes.
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. We will alert you about any changes by updating the “Revised” date of this Privacy Policy. Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the updated Privacy Policy on the Site, and you waive the right to receive specific notice of each such change or modification. You are encouraged to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed of updates. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Site after the date such revised Privacy Policy is posted.
If you are
concerned about the topic(s) covered by this policy, you should read it each time
before you use our website. Any questions or concerns about this policy should
be brought to our attention by sending an e-mail to jenel@susanmallery.com and
providing us with information relating to your concern.
COLLECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may collect information about you in a variety of ways. The information we may collect on the Site includes:
Derivative Data
Like most
places on the Internet, simply by visiting our website you automatically tell us certain information. This includes basic information such as your IP
address, when you visited, the website from where you came prior to visiting us,
the website where you go when you leave our website, your computer’s operating
system, and the type of web browser that you are using. Our website
automatically records this basic information about you.
Personal Data, Contests, Giveaways, and Surveys
Personally identifiable information, such as your name, shipping address, email address; and demographic information, such as your age, gender, hometown, and interests, that you voluntarily give to us when you register with the Site or when you choose to participate in various activities related to the Site, such as signing up for the newsletter,
entering a contest or responding to surveys. We may also
collect any data that you provide us by posting it at our website or by e-mail.
You can always choose not to provide us with information. However, if you do
withhold information, we may deny you access to some or all of our website’s
services and features.
Cookies and Sessions:
Like most other websites, we may use cookies and sessions on our website. In plain English, this means that by interacting with certain areas of our website, information is being stored by the browser on your computer. This information can be used to track your session on our website (for example the Members Only section). Cookies may also be used to
customize our website content for you as an individual. If you are using one of
the common Internet web browsers, you can set up your browser to either let you
know when you receive a cookie or to deny cookie access to your computer. Please be aware that by doing so, you will interfere with the user experience on the website's Members Only section and will not receive the optimal browsing experience.
Website Analytics
We may also partner with selected third-party vendors, such as Google Analytics or Facebook Pixels, to allow tracking technologies and re-marketing services on the Site through the use of first party cookies and third-party cookies, to, among other things, analyze and track users’ use of the Site, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. By accessing the Site, you consent to the collection and use of your information by these third-party vendors. You are encouraged to review their privacy policy and contact them directly for responses to your questions. We do not transfer personal information to these third-party vendors. However, If you do not want any information to be collected and used by tracking technologies, you can visit the third-party vendor or Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out Tool or Digital Advertising Alliance Opt-Out Tool.
You should be aware that getting a new computer, installing a new browser, upgrading an existing browser, or erasing or otherwise altering your browser’s cookies files may also clear certain opt-out cookies, plug-ins, or settings.
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
Having accurate information about you permits us to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience. Specifically, we may use information collected about you via the Site to:
Administer sweepstakes, promotions, and contests.
Compile anonymous statistical data and analysis for use internally or with third parties.
Create and manage your account (mailing list and Members Only).
Deliver targeted advertising, coupons, newsletters, and promotions, and other information regarding our website and mobile application to you.
Email you regarding your mailing list account.
Monitor and analyze usage and trends to improve your experience with the Site.
Notify you of updates to the Site.
Notify you of new book releases.
Perform other business activities as needed.
Request feedback and contact you about your use of the Site.
Send you a newsletter.
OPTIONS REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION
Account Information, Emails and Communications
You may at any time review or change the information in your account or terminate your Members Only account by:
Contacting us using the contact information provided at the bottom of the Privacy Policy.
Using the unsubscribe link provided in the newsletter footer.
Visit https://newsletter.susanmallery.com/?p=unsubscribe to unsubscribe from the newsletter.
Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, some information may be retained in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems and ensuring that you no longer receive any unwanted communications.
To change information related to your Members Only/Mailing list account, please visit:
https://newsletter.susanmallery.com/?p=preferences
If you have difficulties opting out or changing your information, you may contact us by sending an
e-mail to jenel@susanmallery.com,
or sending us mail to the address listed below.
If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails, or other communications from third parties, you are responsible for contacting the third party directly.
YOUR USE OF
INFORMATION AND UNSOLICITED JUNK E-MAIL
If you obtain
personally identifiable information about another website user, you are not
allowed to disclose this information to anyone else without the consent of the
user and our consent too.
We hate junk
e-mail (Spam). Information you obtain from our website about us or other site
users cannot be used by you or others to send unsolicited commercial e-mail.
MINORS
We do not
provide services or sell products to children. If you are below the age of 18,
you may use our website only with the permission and active involvement of a
parent or legal guardian. If you are a minor, please do not provide us or other
website visitors with any personal information.
CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems include a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. No uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this Privacy Policy.
AUTORESPONDERS
We may use
auto responders to communicate with you by e-mail. To protect your privacy, we
use a verified opt-in system for such communications and you can always opt-out
of such communications using the links contained in each auto responder
message. If you have difficulties opting out, you may contact us by sending an
e-mail to jenel@susanmallery.com,
or sending us mail to the address listed below.
ANTI-SPAM
POLICY
We hate
unsolicited commercial e-mail as much as you do. Also known as Spam or junk
e-mail, it is a disservice to the Internet community.
We fully
endorse and comply with the requirements of the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003
(Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act), and
all other applicable unsolicited commercial e-mail laws.
If you
subscribe to electronic newsletters or other communications from us or our
website, you will always have an option to unsubscribe immediately.
If you have
additional questions, comments or concerns, please contact us by sending an
e-mail to and providing us with information relating to your concern.
You may also
mail your concerns to us at the following address:  Susan Mallery, PO Box 2102, Georgetown, TX
78627.
Please note
that the content of this page can change without prior notice.
AFFILIATE LINKS
Susan Mallery is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC
Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a
means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to
amazon.com.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with the Site, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Site. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Site, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems.
CONTACT US
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Susan MalleryPO Box 2102Georgetown, TX
78627.
jenel@susanmallery.com