http://www.wmdt.com/about-us/terms-of-service/
SectionsNews
Coronavirus News
Crime
Good Morning Delmarva
The Bright Side
National/World
Politics
Foodie Friday
Weather
Closings and Delays
Skycams
Weather Tidbits
WeatherWise Podcast
Sports
Noticias
El Tiempo
Watch Live
…
Apps and Podcasts
Community Calendar
Fugitive Friday
LinksContests
Jobs
Pets
What’s On
Marquee Backstage
Social Media
Terms of Service
Last updated: December 16, 2016.
Please read these Terms of Service carefully before using the
www.47abc.com / www.wmdt.com website operated by Marquee Broadcasting Inc.
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend access to our Service (Services) immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall or survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Create your own Terms of Service
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to thirdparty web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Marquee Broadcasting Inc.
Marquee Broadcasting Inc. has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Marquee Broadcasting Inc. shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any thirdparty web sites or services that you visit.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Country United States of America, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
Create your own Terms of Service
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
Because Local Matters
Most Popular
Missing Pittsville man found dead in DelawarePolice: 260 bags of heroin found during traffic stop, pair arrested12 Days of Christmas ContestInvestigation leads to two arrests on drug, gun chargesOnce in a lifetime celestial event will be visible over Delmarva
PromotionsBig Deal
Contests
Job Openings
Pets
Close
Share
Toggle Fullscreen
Zoom in/out
Previous
Next