http://www.thestage.co.uk/legal/advertising-terms-conditions
News
Reviews
Opinion & Advice
Big Interviews
Long Reads
Features
Podcasts
Cartoons
Promoted Content
Jobs
Castings
Training
Awards
Suppliers
The Stage Archive
Subscribe
Register or Login
News
Reviews
More
Opinion & Advice
Big Interviews
Long Reads
Features
Podcasts
Cartoons
Promoted Content
The Stage Archive
Jobs
Suppliers
Castings
Training
Awards
SUBSCRIBE
Remember LoginRegister|Reset Password
Search
Search
Search
West EndMusical TheatreBackstage & TechnicalObituaries & ArchiveOperaDanceAwardsJobs & AuditionsTraining & Drama SchoolsHot TopicsBroadway & InternationalActing & PerformanceEdinburgh FringeShakespearePantomime
Advertising Terms & Conditions
Advertising, sponsorship and attendance at paid events, terms and conditions.
Terms and conditions relating to The Stage Jobs follow these terms further down the page.
TERMS OF USE
BY PLACING AN ADVERTISEMENT IN THE STAGE NEWSPAPER OR ON THE STAGE’S WEBSITE OR DIGITAL EDITIONS OR SPONSORING OR ATTENDING AN EVENT, YOU CONFIRM THAT YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS OF USE AND THAT YOU AGREE TO COMPLY WITH THEM. PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE PROCEEDING. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE, DON’T CONTRACT WITH THE STAGE.
ADVERTISING IN THE STAGE
The Stage Newspaper is a weekly print publication and www.thestage.co.uk is a website (collectively known as The Stage in these terms of use). They are both operated by The Stage Media Company Limited (“we”, “us” or “our”). We are a limited company registered in England and Wales under company number 02316307 and have our registered office and main trading address at The Stage Media Company Limited, Stage House, 47 Bermondsey Street, London SE1 3XT.
Our VAT number is 547 8875 78.
These conditions shall apply to all advertisements accepted for publication. Any other proposed condition shall be void unless incorporated clearly in written instruction and specifically accepted by The Stage.
All advertisements are accepted subject to approval of the copy by The Stage and to the space being available.
For the purpose of these conditions, “Advertiser” shall refer to the Advertiser or his Agent, whichever is the principal.
The Stage reserves the right to refuse, omit or suspend an advertisement at any time, with or without explanation, and in such cases no claim on the part of the advertiser for damages or breach of contract shall be accepted. Should such omission or suspension be due to the Advertiser or his agents, then the space reserved for the advertisement shall be paid for in full.
If The Stage considers it necessary to modify the space or alter the date or position of insertion or make other alterations, the Advertiser will have the right to cancel if the alterations are unacceptable, unless such changes are due to an emergency or circumstances beyond the control of The Stage.
Every care is taken to avoid mistakes, however, The Stage will not be liable for loss or damage due to error, late publication, imperfect reproduction or non-appearance of an advertisement. Substantial error or serious fault in reproduction may be grounds for allowance or refund of part or all of the cost of the advertisement, provided this is not due to the act or default of the Advertiser or his agents. In no circumstances will such an allowance exceed the value of one insertion of the advertisement. No claim for incorrect insertion will be considered unless it is notified in writing to the Advertising Department, The Stage Media Company Ltd, 47 Bermondsey Street, London SE1 3XT within seven days of publication.
In cases where typographical errors or minor changes which do not substantially affect the sense of the advertisement have occurred, free insertions or credit will not be given.
All Advertisers must have genuine services or products to promote and advertise.
All Contributions (that is content in advertising) MUST:
be accurate and not misleading ;
be honest, decent and truthful;
be genuinely held (where they state opinions); and
comply with applicable laws in the UK and in any country from which they are posted.
Contributions MUST NOT:
contain any material which is defamatory of any person, obscene, offensive, hateful or inflammatory;
promote sexually explicit material, any illegal activity, violence or discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age;
infringe any copyright, database right, trade mark or any other intellectual property right of any other person;
be made in breach of any legal duty owed to a third party, such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence;
be threatening, abusive or invade another’s privacy, or cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety.
be likely to deceive, harass, upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person;
be used to impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person;
give the impression that they emanate from us, if this is not the case;
advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act such as (by way of example only) copyright infringement or computer misuse.
infringe the British Code of Advertising Practice
You warrant that you have not been convicted for any offence, or subject to any court order, relating to assault, violence, sexual misconduct, harassment, impersonation, minors or children.
You warrant that you will:
only use the information, data and, where appropriate, contributions provided to you by respondents in accordance with these Terms of Use; and
where requested to do so by us, you will promptly permanently delete and/or destroy all such information, data and contributions provided to you.
When considering offering an opportunity or employment to an applicant, you are solely responsible for making all necessary enquiries, including satisfying yourself that the applicant is competent to perform the available role for which they have applied. The Stage service is provided only for the purpose of broadcasting information and opportunities. We will not (in any circumstance) be liable for the actions of or contributions made by any applicant.
You warrant that you will comply with the above standards, and you will be liable to us and indemnify us for any breach of that warranty. This means that you will be responsible for any loss or damage we suffer as a result of your breach of warranty.
The Advertiser will indemnify The Stage fully in respect of any claim made against The Stage arising from an advertisement. The Stage will consult with the Advertiser as to the way in which such claims are to be handled.
Advertisement rates are subject to revision at any time and orders are accepted on condition that the price binds The Stage only in respect of the next week. In the event of a rate increase, the Advertiser will have the option to cancel the order without surcharge or continue the order at the revised rates.
If an Advertiser cancels the balance of a contract, except in the circumstances set out in Clauses 7 or 18 above, s/he relinquishes the right to any series discount to which s/he may have been previously entitled and advertisements must be paid for at the appropriate rate.
Payment on credit accounts is due one calendar month following the month in which the advertisement has appeared. Where payment is not made by the due date, The Stage reserves the right to charge interest on the amount at 15% per annum and suspend any series booking. Bank transfer and the major debit and credit cards excluding Amex are accepted as payment.
At least one week’s notice prior to issue date is required to cancel a booked advertisement in The Stage. A charge may be made for any production work carried out prior to cancellation.
If copy instructions are not received by the agreed date, The Stage reserves the right to repeat the most appropriate copy. Please note that proofs cannot normally be supplied, nor corrections to supplied copy guaranteed to be made.
Advertisers’ property in the form of artwork, photographs etc. are supplied for use by The Stage at the owners’ risk and should be insured against loss or damage. The Stage reserves the right to destroy artwork or photographs which have not been used within the previous 12 months.
These conditions and all other express terms of the contract shall be governed and construed in accordance with English law, and disputes shall be settled in English courts.
Advertising MUST NOT:
contain any material which is defamatory of any person, obscene, offensive, hateful or inflammatory;
promote sexually explicit material, any illegal activity, violence or discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age;
infringe any copyright, database right, trade mark or any other intellectual property right of any other person;
be made in breach of any legal duty owed to a third party, such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence;
be threatening, abuse or invade another’s privacy, or cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety;
be likely to deceive, harass, upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person;
be used to impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person;
give the impression that they emanate from us, if this is not the case;
advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act such as (by way of example only) copyright infringement or computer misuse.
You warrant that you will comply with the above standards, and you will be liable to us and indemnify us for any breach of that warranty. This means that you will be responsible for any loss or damage we suffer as a result of your breach of warranty.
LINKING TO THE STAGE
You may link to our home page, provided that:
you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it; and
the website on which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out in these Terms of Use.
You MUST NOT:
establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists;
establish a link to The Stage in any website that is not owned by you; or
frame The Stage on any other website.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
All Contributions you upload or submit to The Stage will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. For all Contributions that are covered by intellectual property rights (such as photos and videos) you specifically grant us a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, worldwide licence to use all Contributions (including any intellectual property rights in such Contributions) for any purpose connected or related to The Stage.
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in The Stage. All such rights are reserved.
You must not use any part of the content from The Stage for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licencors.
EVENTS RELATED SPONSORSHIP CONTRACTS
Contracts which include a number of aspects such as advertising in The Stage, Twitter/social media promotion, support for a particular event organised by or for The Stage, table sales etc. shall be subject to the conditions in the preceding clauses. Should an event be cancelled by The Stage for whatever reason, the following refunds will apply.
Any payment proportion made specifically for attendance at an Event (e.g. table places) shall be refundable in full.
Any payment made which includes sponsorship shall be refunded in the following way. Any amount refundable under the preceding clause shall be deducted and a further refund of 25% shall be made in respect of the Event cancellation. All other aspects of the sponsorship contract (awareness, advertising, social, editorial coverage etc) shall be deemed to have been satisfied.
PAID ATTENDANCE AT EVENTS
Paying to attend a Stage event, for example table sales, shall be subject to the following refunds in the event of cancellation by The Stage at any time. This includes a decision by The Stage to disallow attendance for any reason.
If The Stage cancels an event or disallows attendance payments made by those attending shall be refunded in full.
Paying to attend a Stage event, for example table sales, shall be subject to the following refunds in the event of cancellation by the attender.
If an attender cancels a booking in advance the following refunds will apply:
3 months or more in advance 100% less an administration charge of £10
Less than 3 months but more than 1 month before 75%
Less than 1 month but more than 2 weeks before 50%
Less than 2 weeks before there will be no refund
Non-attenders can with prior notification send a substitute attender as an alternative to seeking a refund.
Under no circumstances will refunds or payments for cancellation exceed the amount paid for attendance.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Nothing in these Terms of Use excludes or limits liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, or our fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited by English law.
You must give us a reasonable opportunity to remedy any matter for which we are liable before you incur any costs remedying that matter yourself. If you do not provide us with such opportunity, we shall have no liability to you for those costs you incur.
Our liability (for any one event or series of events) of any kind (including for our own negligence and for breach of contract) arising in any way in connection with The Stage or its content is limited to three times the total fees paid by you in the 12 months before the event(s) complained of or the sum £250,000 (whichever is higher).
If you are a consumer, we will not be liable to you for losses that were not foreseeable to both parties when our contract was formed, that is, loss not within the reasonable contemplation of the parties, at the time the parties entered into the contract, as a probable result of the breach. Nor will we be liable for losses that were not caused by any breach by us or our agents/sub-contractors, or for business losses or losses to non-consumers.
If you are not a consumer (i.e. you are a business user and/or someone acting for purposes connected with your trade, business or profession), please note that, in particular, we will not be liable to you for the following types of loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including for negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising in any way in connection with The Stage or its content: (a) loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue; (b) business interruption; (c) loss of anticipated savings; (d) loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; (e) wasted staff and/or management time; (f) loss or corruption of data and/or information; or (g) any indirect, special or consequential loss or damage.
To the extent permitted by law, we exclude all implied conditions, warranties, representations or other terms which may apply to The Stage or its content, save that if you are a consumer nothing in these Terms of Use excludes or limits your statutory rights.
If any one of the above sub-clauses is held to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, it can be severed from the other provisions, which themselves will remain enforceable
REVISION
We may revise these Terms of Use at any time by amending this page. Please check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we have made, as they are binding on you. If we make a change to these Terms of Use that you do not agree with you must immediately stop using The Stage.
The Stage Jobs Terms and Conditions
The Stage Jobs
Terms of Use
BY USING THE STAGE JOBS, YOU CONFIRM THAT YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS OF USE AND THAT YOU AGREE TO COMPLY WITH THEM. PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE YOU START TO USE THE STAGE JOBS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE, YOU MUST NOT USE THE STAGE JOBS.
INFORMATION ABOUT US
1.1. www.thestage.co.uk (our “Site”) is a website operated by The Stage Media Company Limited (“we”, “us” or “our”). We are a limited company registered in England and Wales under company number 02316307 and have our registered office and main trading address at The Stage Media Company Limited, Stage House, 47 Bermondsey Street, London SE1 3XT.
1.2. Our VAT number is 547 8875 78.
INTRODUCTION AND APPLICABLE TERMS
2.1. These Terms of Use set out the terms on which you may use the section of our Site known as The Stage Jobs (“The Stage Jobs”). The Stage Jobs is an online recruitment service made available to the public and, in particular, job seekers and recruiters.
2.2. These Terms of Use also include the following parts:
2.2.1. our Privacy Policy;
2.2.2. our Cookie Policy; and
2.3. Please do not hesitate to email us at info@thestage.co.uk if you have any questions about the terms that apply to you.
TERMS THAT APPLY TO ALL USERS, VISITORS AND ADVERTISERS
ACCESSING THE STAGE JOBS
3.1. The Stage Jobs is made available to Users free of charge, although we may restrict access to some parts to certain Users. 3.2. You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to The Stage Jobs and ensuring that all persons who access The Stage Jobs through your internet connection are aware of these Terms of Use and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.
3.3. You may use The Stage Jobs only for lawful purposes. You may not use The Stage Jobs:
3.3.1. in any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation;
3.3.2. in any other way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect;
3.3.3. to send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with our content standards (set out in paragraph 4);
3.3.4. to transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam); or
3.3.5. to knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware.
3.3.6. for any purpose connected with canvassing for other job sites and services.
3.3.7. for any purpose other than to seek work or recruit.
3.4. We do not guarantee that The Stage Jobs, or any content on it, will always be available or that access will be uninterrupted. Access to The Stage Jobs is permitted on a temporary basis. We may suspend, withdraw, discontinue or change all or any part of The Stage Jobs without notice. We will not be liable to you if for any reason The Stage Jobs is unavailable at any time or for any period.
CONTENT AND SERVICES PROVIDED BY US
4.1. Where The Stage Jobs contains links to other websites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only and you use them at your own risk. We have no control over the contents of those websites or resources and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
4.2. We do not guarantee that The Stage Jobs will be secure or free from bugs or viruses. You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programs and platform in order to access The Stage Jobs. You should use your own virus protection software.
CONTENT PROVIDED BY YOU
5.1. Whenever you make use of a feature that allows you to upload content to The Stage Jobs or to make contact with other users of The Stage Jobs, you must comply with these Terms of Use and all content standards (including those set out in this paragraph 5)
Examples of our interactive services, include:
5.2.1. available jobs posted by Advertisers which may include job position details such as job description, remuneration and location (“Available Jobs”); and
5.3. You are responsible for all contributions (including CVs and cover letters) uploaded by you, or by someone you have permitted to use your login details, to The Stage Jobs including in response to a Job posting. (“Contributions”).
5.4. All Contributions MUST:
5.5.1. be accurate and not misleading (including all information included in Advertiser Profiles and Available Jobs);
5.5.2. be honest, decent and truthful;
5.5.3. be genuinely held (where they state opinions); and
5.5.4. comply with applicable laws in the UK and in any country from which they are posted.
5.5. Contributions MUST NOT:
5.5.1. contain any material which is defamatory of any person, obscene, offensive, hateful or inflammatory;
5.5.2. promote sexually explicit material, any illegal activity, violence or discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age;
5.5.3. infringe any copyright, database right, trade mark or any other intellectual property right of any other person;
5.5.4. be made in breach of any legal duty owed to a third party, such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence;
5.5.5. be threatening, abuse or invade another’s privacy, or cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety.
5.5.6. be likely to deceive, harass, upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person;
5.5.7. be used to impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person;
5.5.8. give the impression that they emanate from us, if this is not the case;
5.5.9. advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act such as (by way of example only) copyright infringement or computer misuse.
5.6. You warrant that you will comply with the above standards, and you will be liable to us and indemnify us for any breach of that warranty. This means that you will be responsible for any loss or damage we suffer as a result of your breach of warranty.
5.7. You are responsible for all Contributions associated with the use of The Stage Jobs associated with your log in details.
CONTENT PROVIDED ON THE STAGE JOBS
6.1. The content on The Stage Jobs is provided for information purposes only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely.
6.2. Although we make reasonable efforts to ensure the information on The Stage Jobs is correct, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on The Stage Jobs is accurate, complete or up-to-date.
MODERATION
7.1. The Stage Jobs is post-moderated at our discretion. This means Contributions such as CVs and letters and Job postings will not be moderated prior to publication on The Stage Jobs.
7.2. We will not be responsible as author, editor or publisher of any Contribution submitted to The Stage Jobs and we expressly exclude our liability for any loss or damage arising from the use of The Stage Jobs by any person in contravention of these Terms of Use.
7.3. We reserve the right to:
7.3.1. monitor, access, use and disclose details of your use of The Stage Jobs (including any Contribution) for the purposes of checking compliance with these Terms of Use, legal obligations, the protection of our legal rights and those of our users and for quality control and site administration purposes; and
7.3.2. promptly remove, or disable access to any (or part of any) User Profile, Advertiser Profile, Available Jobs or any individual Contribution which we deem to be potentially defamatory of any person, unlawful or in violation of any third party rights or these Terms of Use.
7.4. We will do our best to assess any possible risks from third parties when you use any interactive service provided on The Stage Jobs. However, we are under no obligation to oversee, monitor or moderate any interactive service we provide on The Stage Jobs (including any Contribution).
7.5. Please do not hesitate to report to us any Contribution that is offensive or if you have a negative experience with any other user or third party in relation to The Stage Jobs. You can do this either by emailing us at info@thestage.co.uk
SUSPENSION AND TERMINATION
8.1. We will determine, at our discretion (acting reasonably), whether there has been a breach of these Terms of Use through your use of The Stage Jobs. When we determine that a breach of these Terms of Use has occurred, we may take such action as we deem appropriate (acting reasonably), which may include:
8.1.1. the issuing of a warning to you;
8.1.2. the immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use The Stage Jobs and removal of any Contribution, posting or material uploaded by you to The Stage Jobs;
8.1.3. legal action against you; and/or
8.1.4. the disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary.
8.2. We exclude liability for actions taken in response to breaches of these Terms of Use. The responses described in these Terms of Use are not limited, and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS IN CONTRIBUTIONS
9.1. All Contributions you upload to The Stage Jobs will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. For all Contributions that are covered by intellectual property rights (such as photos) you specifically grant us a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, worldwide licence to use all Contributions (including any intellectual property rights in such Contributions) for any purpose connected or related to The Stage Jobs. This licence will end when you delete you The Stage Jobs account. However, some of these Contributions may remain in back-up copies and logs for a reasonable period of time.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS IN THE STAGE JOBS
10.1. We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in The Stage Jobs (excluding Contributions). All such rights are reserved.
10.2. You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) or keep a note of information by other means from The Stage Jobs for your personal use but not for any other business use and expressly not for any use in canvassing for other sites or job services.
10.5. You must not use any part of the content on The Stage Jobs for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.
LINKING TO THE STAGE JOBS
11.1. You may link to our home page, provided that:
11.1.1. you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it; and
11.1.2. the website on which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out in these Terms of Use.
11.2. You MUST NOT:
11.2.1. establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists;
11.2.2. establish a link to The Stage Jobs in any website that is not owned by you; or
11.2.3. frame The Stage Jobs (or any other part of The Stage Jobs) on any other website.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
12.1. Nothing in these Terms of Use excludes or limits liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, or our fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited by English law.
12.2. You must give us a reasonable opportunity to remedy any matter for which we are liable before you incur any costs remedying that matter yourself. If you do not provide us with such opportunity, we shall have no liability to you for those costs you incur.
12.3. Our liability (for any one event or series of events) of any kind (including for our own negligence and for breach of contract) arising in any way in connection with The Stage Jobs or any content on it is limited to three times the total fees paid by you as an Advertiser in the 12 months before the event(s) complained of or the sum £250,000 (whichever is higher).
12.4. If you are a User, we will not be liable to you for losses that were not foreseeable to both parties when our contract was formed, that is, loss not within the reasonable contemplation of the parties, at the time the parties entered into the contract, as a probable result of the breach. Nor will we be liable for losses that were not caused by any breach by us or our agents/sub-contractors, or for business losses or losses to non-consumers.
12.5. If you are not a consumer (i.e. you are a business user and/or someone acting for purposes connected with your trade, business or profession), please note that, in particular, we will not be liable to you for the following types of loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including for negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising in any way in connection with The Stage Jobs or any content on it: (a) loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue; (b) business interruption; (c) loss of anticipated savings; (d) loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; (e) wasted staff and/or management time; (f) loss or corruption of data and/or information; or (g) any indirect, special or consequential loss or damage.
12.6. To the extent permitted by law, we exclude all implied conditions, warranties, representations or other terms which may apply to The Stage Jobs or any content on it, save that if you are a consumer nothing in these Terms of Use excludes or limits your statutory rights.
12.7. If any one of the above sub-clauses is held to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, it can be severed from the other provisions, which themselves will remain enforceable
GENERAL
13.1. We may revise these Terms of Use at any time by amending this page. Please check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we have made, as they are binding on you. If we make a change to these Terms of Use that you do not agree with you must immediately stop using The Stage Jobs and delete your profile (including any Advertiser Profile, Available Jobs and/or User Profile).
13.3. You must treat your username and password as confidential and keep these details secure. You must not disclose it to any third party. We have the right to disable any username and/or password, at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with these Terms of Use. If you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your username and password, you must promptly notify us at info@thestage.co.uk.
13.4. No one other than you or us (each of us being a party to these Terms of Use) shall have any right to enforce any of its terms.
13.5. These Terms of Use (together with the documents referred to in them) constitute the entire agreement between you and us and supersede and extinguish all previous agreements, promises, assurances, warranties, representations and understandings between us, whether written or oral, relating to their subject matter. We each agree that we shall have no remedies in respect of any statement, representation, assurance or warranty (whether made innocently or negligently) that is not set out in this agreement. We each agree that we shall have no claim for innocent or negligent misrepresentation based on any statement in this agreement.
13.6. We each irrevocably agree that the courts of England and Wales shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with this agreement or its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims).
CONTACT
14.1. Questions, comments and requests regarding these Terms of Use should be addressed to info@thestage.co.uk.
TERMS THAT APPLY ONLY TO ADVERTISERS
GENERAL
15.1. When considering offering an opportunity or employment to Users, you are solely responsible for making all necessary enquiries, including satisfying yourself that the User is competent to perform the Available Job for which they have applied. The Stage Jobs service is provided only for the purpose of broadcasting information and opportunities. We will not (in any circumstance) be liable for the actions of or contributions made by any Job applicant.
Non-editorial
Newspaper
News
Reviews
Opinion & Advice
Features
Long Reads
Big Interviews
More
Archive
Castings
Dating
Suppliers
Get Into Theatre
Jobs
Tickets
Training
Info
About
Contact Us
Advertising Enquiries
Where to buy
FAQs
Press
Careers
Awards
The Stage Awards
The Stage Debut Awards
The Stage Edinburgh Awards
Legal
Terms and conditions
Advertising terms and conditions
Contributor agreement
Privacy policy
House rules
GDPR Requests
Castings T&C
Digital
Digital Editions
Mobile Apps
Free gift!Subscribe for a year and get a free tote bag Subscribe
© Copyright The Stage Media Company Limited 2020