http://www.tate.org.uk/about-us/policies-and-procedures/website-terms-use
Main menu
Art & artists
Exhibitions & events
Plan your visit
Main menu additional
Become a Member
Shop
Expand
About us
Policies and Procedures
Website Terms of Use
Website Terms of Use
Jean Arp (Hans Arp)
According to the Laws of Chance
1933
Tate
© DACS, 2020
These terms and conditions will apply to your access and use of our website at tate.org.uk. By using our website, you accept that you will be bound to the terms and conditions of use in full. If you do not agree to any of these terms and conditions, you must not access, use and/or contribute to our website. If you have any questions about these terms and conditions, you can contact us using the details set out below.1. The Board of Trustees of the Tate Gallery ('Tate') operates tate.org.uk. Our principal place of business is at Millbank, London SW1P 4RG. If you have any questions please refer to our frequently asked questions. If the answers there do not address your particular concern, you may contact us.2. Tate may change these terms from time to time so we recommend that you should check them regularly. We will always state at the bottom of these terms the date on which they were last updated and/or amended. Your continued use of tate.org.uk will be deemed acceptance of the updated or amended terms. If you do not agree to the changes, you should cease using this website.
3. You agree to use tate.org.uk only for lawful purposes and in a considerate and responsible way that does not infringe the rights of, restrict or inhibit anyone else's use and enjoyment of tate.org.uk. Prohibited behaviour includes:using the website for any purpose that is against the lawharassing or causing distress or inconvenience to any persontransmitting defamatory, libellous, racist, obscene, pornographic, indecent or offensive or menacing content which could cause anxiety to anyone elseusing the website in any way that cause interruption or damage to the online services or renders them impaired or less efficientusing the website in any way that could cause damage or disruption to another user’s computerusing the website to transmit or upload computer viruses or other harmful files or programmescollecting data about other userstransmitting or sending unsolicited commercial communications such as junk mail or spam.
4. Until you are 18 years old, by using our online services, you certify that your parents have or legal guardian has consented to your use and agree to these terms on your behalf. From time to time, Tate may create specific online communities, some of which will be restricted access and may only be offered to users aged 13 or over. Parental discretion is advised and we recommend that you review these terms with your parents/guardian before using our website. We may require your parents or legal guardian to provide a written acknowledgement of these terms on your behalf before we provide you with part or all of our online services.
5. All copyright, trade marks, design rights, patents and other intellectual property rights (registered and unregistered) in and on tate.org.uk and all content (including all applications) located on the site shall remain vested in Tate or its licensors (which includes other users). You may not copy, reproduce, republish, disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer, download, post, broadcast, transmit, make available to the public, or otherwise use tate.org.uk content in any way except for your own personal, non-commercial use. In certain prescribed circumstances, you may adapt, alter or create a derivative work from any tate.org.uk content for your own personal, non-commercial use, with the prior written permission of Tate which will be indicated against the relevant tate.org.uk content.6. The names, images and logos identifying Tate or third parties and their products and services are subject to copyright, design rights and trade marks of Tate and/or third parties. Nothing contained in these terms shall be construed as conferring any licence or right to use any trade mark, design right or copyright of Tate or any other third party.
7. By sharing and uploading any contribution (including any text, photographs, graphics, video or audio-visual material) with Tate you agree to grant to Tate, free of charge, permission to use the material in any way it wants (including modifying and adapting it for operational and editorial reasons) for Tate services in any existing or future media worldwide (including on Tate’s site accessed by international users) and in perpetuity. You waive any moral rights in your contribution in order to permit Tate to edit your material as appropriate. You also grant to Tate the right to sub-license these rights to third parties. We won't use your content for commercial purposes but we may use your content to promote our platform. If your content contains third party material e.g. images, video, music etc you must have obtained the necessary third party permissions to use the material.Flickr terms of useSoundcloud of useVimeo terms of useYouTube terms of use8. Copyright in your contribution will remain with you and this permission is not exclusive, so you can continue to use the material in any way including allowing others to use it, including licensing that material to other websites.9. In order that Tate can use your contribution, you confirm that your contribution is your own original work, is not defamatory and does not infringe any UK laws, that you have the right to give Tate permission to use it for the purposes specified above, and that you have the consent of anyone who is identifiable in your contribution or the consent of their parent / guardian if they are under 18. For the avoidance of doubt, the content must not infringe any third party’s legal rights.10. If you do not want to grant Tate the permission set out above on these terms, please do not submit or share your contribution to or with tate.org.uk.11. Tate does not necessarily (and is not obliged to) pre-moderate all material submitted by you to tate.org.uk, however, Tate reserves the right to:monitor any material submitted to our website, regardless of any public / private settings attributed by youedit or remove any material submitted to our website without prior notice or any liability to you
12. In order to participate in and contribute to selected Tate communities you may be required to register with tate.org.uk and to choose a password and username for login and then a display name. Please be aware that your Tate Community profile will be made public. You are responsible for keeping your password and other account details secure and secret. Please notify us immediately if you become aware of any unauthorised use of your account. Any personal information supplied to tate.org.uk as part of this registration process and/or any other interaction with us will be collected, stored and used in accordance with the Tate Privacy Policy.13. You agree to use Tate communities (including message boards) in accordance with the following Community Rules. These apply across all Tate community sites and services. You should, however, read the local house rules of the particular site or service you're using, as there may be some local variations to these Community Rules. Tate reserves the right to delete accounts that are in breach of Community Rules. If you no longer want to have an account within the Tate Community then do contact us at information@tate.org.uk requesting deletion of your account and we will do this for you.(i) About your posts:Contributions must be civil and tasteful.No disruptive, offensive or abusive behaviour: your contributions must be constructive and polite, not with the intention of causing trouble.No unlawful or objectionable content: the posting of unlawful, harassing, defamatory, abusive, threatening, harmful, obscene, profane, sexually oriented, racially offensive or otherwise objectionable material is not acceptable.Be patient: users of all ages and abilities may be taking part in the relevant Tate community.No spamming or off-topic material: we don't allow the submission of the same or very similar contributions many times. Please don't re-submit your contribution to more than one discussion, or contribute off-topic material in subject-specific areas.No commercial advertising, marketing or promoting is permitted.Contributions containing languages other than English may be removedunless allowed in the relevant local house rules.No impersonation of other users is permitted.No inappropriate (e.g. vulgar, offensive etc) user names.URLs (web site addresses) can only be posted if allowed under any relevant local house rules.Deliberate misuse of the complaints facility is not permitted. If you persist in doing this, action may be taken against your account.(ii) Your Tate account:If you use multiple logins for the purpose of disrupting a community or annoying other users you may have action taken against all of your accounts.All accounts must be registered with a valid personal email address that you access regularly so that moderation emails can be sent to you. Accounts registered with someone else's email address, or with temporary email addresses may be closed without notice. We may require users to re-validate their account if we believe they have been using an invalid email address.Tate reserves the right to close accounts if any user is seen to be using proxy IPs (Internet Protocol addresses) in order to attempt to hide the use of multiple Tate accounts, or if a non UK based user pretends to be a UK user, or disrupts any of our services in any way.(iii) Online safety:We advise that you never reveal any personal information about yourself or anyone else (for example: full name, telephone number, postal address, home address or email address or any other details that would allow you to be personally identified) in any Tate community.(iv) Lawful use:You may not submit or share any defamatory or illegal material of any nature in tate.org.uk communities. This includes text, graphics, video, programmes or audio-visual material.Contributing material to a Tate community with the intention of committing or promoting an illegal act is strictly prohibited.You agree to submit to or share with Tate communities only contributions which are your own original work. You must not violate, plagiarise, or infringe the rights of Tate or third parties including copyright, trade mark, trade secrets, privacy, publicity, personal or proprietary rights.(v) Under 18s:We are concerned about the safety of all users of tate.org.uk but children in particular require special considerations. Parents and legal guardians who allow their children to participate in Tate Communities must supervise their children’s online activity. We remind parents and legal guardians that it is their responsibility to determine whether or not particular areas of the website are suitable for children. Children under 18 must have parent or legal guardian permission before taking part in any Tate Community. We remind children to never reveal any personal information about yourself or any one else, including photographs of yourself, the name and address of your school, your telephone number, your full name, home address, postal address or email address to the online Tate Community.(vi) If you breach these community rules:Tate reserves the right to suspend or terminate your access to our online services or any aspect of them if you fail to comply with the Community Rules or we have reasonable grounds to believe you are likely to breach them.If you submit or share any offensive or inappropriate content to or with any Tate communities or anywhere else on tate.org.uk or otherwise engage in any disruptive behaviour on tate.org.uk, and Tate considers such behaviour to be serious and/or repeated, Tate may use whatever information that is available to it about you to stop any further such infringements. This may include informing relevant third parties such as your employer, school or email provider about the infringement(s).Tate reserves the right to delete any contribution, or take action against any Tate account, at any time, for any reason.
14. You can contact us to make a complaint about any aspect of our online services or if you think your or a third party’s copyright has been infringed by our online service. Please submit full details to the following email address: information@tate.org.uk. If you have a complaint about an item of content that has been posted or uploaded by another user, you may click on the flag next to the item and select the appropriate category of activity about the complaint.
15. Tate complies with all applicable UK and EU data protection legislation in force in respect of any personal information you submit to us. The personal details you submit to us will only be used for the specified purposes indicated to you and will not be passed onto unauthorised third parties without your explicit consent. You can contact us to amend or remove any information you submit to us, or ask us to remove all of your personal information. Our Privacy Policy provides further information on your legal rights and how to exercise these.
16. This cookie usage policy will help you understand how we use cookies. It should be read in conjunction with the Tate Privacy Policy.If you have any questions about this information, please contact the Data Protection Officer by emailing: dpo@tate.org.uk
17. If you enter a Tate competition, Tate will alert you to the specific competition terms and conditions that apply.Teacher Survey Prize Draw T&CsEntry DetailsTo enter, please provide an email address Only one entry is permitted per person. Entrants must be over the age of 18.The prize draw opens for entries at 10.00 on Thursday 12 November 2020.The prize draw closes for entries at midnight on Thursday 19 November 2020.1 winner will be selected at random from all valid entries.The draw will take place on Friday 20 November 2020.Winners will be notified by email using details provided at entry before 27 November 2020.The winners will have up to 14 days from the date they are contacted to respond, after which time the prize will be reallocated.Each winner will receive £100 cash, payable by bank transfer. The winner will need to supply valid bank details for a UK bank account. The prize for the winner is non-exchangeable, non-transferable and no alternative is offered.The promoter is The Board of Trustees of the Tate Gallery (“Tate”).This prize draw is subject to our Standard Prize Draw and Competition Terms below:This prize draw is not open to employees or freelance contractors of Tate or Tate Enterprises Limited (or their families or agents), or any persons directly involved with running the prize draw. Tate accepts no responsibility for entries not successfully completed due to a technical fault, technical malfunction, computer hardware or software failure, satellite, network or server failure of any kind. Entries to this competition are made at the entrant’s own expense and Tate shall not be liable for any costs incurred in making or submitting the entry.Tate reserves the right to refuse any incomplete, incomprehensible, unlawful, damaged or otherwise deficient entries. Entries must not contain obscene or defamatory content or material.Tate reserves the right to replace the prize with an alternative prize of equal or higher value if circumstances beyond Tate’s control makes it necessary to do so. If a prize involves attendance at / tickets for an event, Tate accepts no liability if the event or any part of it is subsequently altered, cancelled, re-scheduled or otherwise varied for any reason.Tate reserves the right to hold void, cancel, suspend, or amend the prize draw or competition where it becomes necessary to do so.
Tate’s decision regarding any aspect of the prize draw is final and binding and no correspondence will be entered into about it.Tate will collect the personal data of all entrants for the purpose of contacting the winning entrant, or to discuss any legal/copyright issues about the entry.
Unless entrants have separately indicated that they wish to be contacted by Tate, personal data supplied during the course of this promotion will only be used by Tate and any third party suppliers in connection with the promotion.
All such information shall be treated in accordance with Tate’s privacy policy available at www.tate.org.uk/privacy.Tate shall not be obliged to use any entry and shall not be liable for any entrant’s loss of publicity or enhancement of reputation.
Tate makes no representation or warranty in relation to prizes provided. Insofar as is permitted by law, Tate, its agents or distributors will not in any circumstances be responsible or liable to compensate the winner or accept any liability for any loss, damage, personal injury or death occurring as a result of taking up the prize except where it is caused by the negligence of Tate, its agents or distributors or that of their employees. Your statutory rights are not affected.Participants are deemed to have accepted and agreed to be bound by these terms and conditions upon entry. Tate reserves the right to refuse entry, or refuse to award the prize to anyone in breach of these terms and conditions.
18. Our website may contain links to other third party websites that are not owned or controlled by Tate. These links are provided for your convenience of access. If you use those links you will leave Tate’s online services and you visit any linked site at your own risk. Tate is not responsible for any content, products or services available on any other websites.
19. The majority of content posted in Tate Communities is user generated. The views expressed are those of the user and unless specifically stated are not those of Tate. Tate is not responsible for any content posted by members of the public on tate.org.uk or for the availability or content of any third party sites that are accessible through tate.org.uk Any links to third party websites from tate.org.uk do not amount to any endorsement of that site by Tate and any use of that site by you is at your own risk.20. Tate content, including the information, names, images, pictures, logos and icons regarding or relating to Tate, its products and services (or to third party products and services), is provided "as is' and on an 'as available' basis. To the extent permitted by law, Tate excludes all representations and warranties (whether express or implied by law), including the implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy. Tate does not guarantee the completeness or performance of the website or any of the content. While we try to ensure that all content provided by Tate is correct at the time of publication no responsibility is accepted by or on behalf of Tate for any errors, omissions or inaccurate content on the website.21. Nothing in these terms limits or excludes Tate’s liability for death or personal injury caused by its proven negligence. Subject to the previous sentence, Tate shall not be liable for any of the following losses or damage (whether such damage or losses were foreseen, foreseeable, known or otherwise): (a) loss of data; (b) loss of revenue or anticipated profits; (c) loss of business; (d) loss of opportunity; (e) loss of goodwill or injury to reputation; (f) losses suffered by third parties; or (g) any indirect, consequential, special or exemplary damages arising from the use of tate.org.uk regardless of the form of action.22. Tate does not warrant that functions available on tate.org.uk will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that tate.org.uk or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to implement sufficient procedures and virus checks (including anti-virus and other security checks) to satisfy your particular requirements for the accuracy of data input and output.
23. If any of these terms are determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by reason of the laws of any state or country in which these terms are intended to be effective, then to the extent and within the jurisdiction in which that term is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted from these terms and the remaining terms shall survive and continue to be binding and enforceable.24. The failure or delay of Tate to exercise or enforce any right in these terms does not waive the Tate’s right to enforce that right.25. These terms shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with English law and you agree with Tate to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
26. Tickets are valid for the date and time stated. Please check your tickets on receipt as mistakes cannot always be rectified27. Tickets are for personal use and may not be resold or exchanged, nor money refunded28 There is no re-admission to the event or exhibition29 Tate reserves the right to refuse admission or terminate a visit30 By attending an event or exhibition, ticket holders consent to being photographed or filmed incidentally and to Tate’s publication or broadcast of any such photographs or film
Digital DirectorTateMillbankLondon SW1P 4RGEmail information@tate.org.uk
Copyright, permissions and photography
© Tate
Please note that the intellectual property rights in all content comprising or contained within this website address (URL) is owned by Tate, and other copyright owners as specified.Please note that the intellectual property rights in all content comprising or contained within this website address (URL) is owned by Tate, and other copyright owners as specified.The contents of this website are published for your enjoyment. You may freely access and store the majority of the website’s contents on a temporary basis for the purposes of personal or private viewing, interaction or listening. You might not be able to legally download or copy certain works in your country.
It is your responsibility to ensure that your local law permits you to do this.
Reproducing content from the Tate websiteWebsite content that is Tate copyright may be reproduced for the non-commercial purposes of research, private study, criticism and review, or for limited circulation within an educational establishment (such as a school, college or university).The following uses of Tate copyright content are also permitted, except where other terms apply:Reproducing Tate copyright content, and Tate owned copyright expired artworks, for non-commercial research, private study, criticism and review, or for the purposes of teaching and instruction within an educational establishment. Where any artworks are published, the source of the content must be identified and the copyright status of the content acknowledged, e.g. ‘Title, Artist, Date of Work, Photo: © Tate, London [current year]’Limited quotation of Tate copyright texts or transcripts, for non-commercial research, private study, criticism and review, or use within an educational establishment, with due acknowledgement and citation. Where any text content is published, the author and/or source of the content must be identified and the copyright status of the content acknowledged, e.g. ‘© Tate, London [current year]’Reproducing Tate copyright content for the purposes of an educational examination, by a recognised UK exam authorityDownloading Tate copyright audio and video content for non-commercial offline listening or viewingDownloading and printing of Tate copyright learning content, and whiteboard resources, for non-commercial educational useEmbedding links to Tate audio and video content, where embedding is offeredReusing content published under a Creative Commons licence under the terms of the licence specified (For example, the Digital metrics dashboard template)Embedding or loading Tate news feeds (RSS)However, the following acts are not permitted in respect of any of the content featured on Tate’s website:Reproduction of website content for commercial purposes, or any rental, leasing or lending of content obtained or derived from the websiteAny use of the Tate logo, brand identities or Tate trademarks without prior consent from TateAny considerable public dissemination, display or hosting of website content via any third-party platforms, including without limitation, the substantial or repeated extraction and/or storage of Tate website content in any retrieval system, or inclusion in any other computer program or workReproduction of Tate website content on any social media platforms, except where other terms allowInaccurate or distorted reproductions, colour treatments, alterations or adaptations of website content, except where other terms allowPublication of any unauthorised translations or transcriptions of website content, except where other terms allowFalse attribution of authorial or copyright credits, and the removal of any Tate metadata from digital file formatsUnauthorised text/data mining of website content and metadata
Tate would usually regard the following uses of Tate imagery as non-commercial activity:Use in free educational lectures and classes;Use on an individual or group’s website discussing the artwork in question;Use on websites that are primarily information-led, research-oriented and obviously non-commercial in nature, for example the William Blake Archive and Wikipedia;Use on personal social media accounts, provided the individual is not promoting themselves commercially.Statutory exceptions to copyright also apply in certain situations.
It is the user’s responsibility to satisfy themselves that an exception (such as fair dealing criticism and review, quotation, or reporting a current event) applies.
Creative Commons defines commercial use as “reproducing a work in any manner that is primarily intended for or directed toward commercial advantage or monetary compensation”.As well as obviously commercial activities such as merchandise production, use of Tate images editorially in films and on TV, in publications that are sold, in advertisements and commercial promotions, Tate would usually regard the following uses of Tate imagery as commercial activity:Use online or in print by commercial organisations, including (for the avoidance of doubt) trading arms of charities;Use on an individual’s website in such a way that adds value to their business, or for promotional purposes, or where offering a service to third parties;Use of images by university presses in publications online or in print;Use in publicity and promotional material connected with commercial events;Unsolicited use of images by news media, including front covers and centre-page spreads;Use in compilations of past examination papers;Use by commercial galleries and auction houses.Under charity law, conflicts can arise when one charity is seen as assisting another. Therefore Tate needs to treat other charities (and their trading arms) as if they were ‘commercial’ organisations.
Tate is committed to providing online access to as many of the works in its collection and Archive as possible, via the Tate website.Tate actively develops agreements with copyright holders and other licensing agents for the artists they represent. Whilst these agreements enable Tate to illustrate artworks, the permissions do not extend to any other party, unless specified.However, many artworks are readily available as reproductions:To view free online at Art & artistsTo purchase as postcards and posters at Tate shopTo order as framed printsTo license, purchase and download high-resolution digital files for commercial use at Tate ImagesCommercial enquiries about other Tate content (e.g. text, video or design work) should be emailed to content.licenses@tate.org.ukPlease note that the further reproduction of artworks, or any other images or content, made available by Tate may constitute an infringement of copyright. It is therefore your responsibility to investigate and obtain permission from copyright holders or their agents before publishing such content.
Anonymous
Photographs of Ben Nicholson taking a photograph of Barbara Hepworth
[c.1932]
Tate Archive
Visitor photographyPhotography in the main galleries is allowed for personal, non-commercial purposes only. It is the visitor’s responsibility to ensure no copyright is infringed. The use of flash and tripods is prohibited.Photography is permitted in some exhibitions. Please see notices in each exhibition.Brief guide to copyrightDownload our brief guide to copyright, which provides an introduction as well as suggestions for useful resources to explore the subject further. Brief guide to copyright [PDF, 8.2. Kb]
Legal notice
If you are a rights holder and are concerned that you have found material on this website for which you have not granted permission (or is not covered by a copyright exception under the UK Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988) please contact Tate in writing stating the following:Your contact detailsThe full details of the material’s creatorThe exact and full web address (URL) where you found the materialProof that you are the rights holder and a statement that, under penalty of perjury, you are the rights holder or are an authorised representative.
The Copyright OfficeTateMillbankLondon SW1P 4RGEmail: copyright@tate.org.uk
Consent and Creative Commons
Copyright ‘orphan works’
Tate believes that illustrating such orphan works online is one of the best ways to discover copyright holders
Creative Commons licences and Tate
How to access material and use Creative Commons licences for works in our archive and main collection