http://www.artbank.gov.au/legal#privacy
Legal | artbank
Skip to main content
Artbank acknowledges the Traditional Custodians of Country throughout Australia.
Warning: Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people should be aware that this website may contain images, voices or names of deceased persons in photographs, film, audio recordings or printed material.
ENTER
SITE
Are you sure you want to leave?
If you exit the site, your Wishlist will not be saved.
Return to Artbank
Close this message
Notice
Please view this in chrome if you are having any issues with how the website displays
Notice
This website uses cookies, utilised by us and third parties to enhance your experience. Learn more about how this website uses cookies on the departmental website.
Announcement
Welcome to the new Artbank website! Get in touch to let us know what you think...
Asset 1
Main navigation
WISHLIST (0)
SEARCH
Browse Collection
Art Leasing
Artist Support
What's On
About
Contact
Home
Legal
Legal
Disclaimer
The material on this website is provided for general information only, and on the understanding that Artbank and the Australian Government are not providing professional advice on a particular matter.
The material may include the views or recommendations of third parties, and does not necessarily reflect the views of the Australian Government, or indicate a commitment to a particular course of action.
This website contains information that is intended to enhance the accessibility of the Artbank collection. In addition, errors or omissions can occur in the preparation of web pages. Therefore, before relying on the material, users should independently verify its accuracy, completeness, relevance for their purposes and that it is up-to-date.Before any action or decision is taken on the basis of any material on this website the user should obtain appropriate independent professional advice.
Links to other websites are provided for the user’s convenience and do not constitute endorsement of material at those sites, or any associated organisation, product or service.
Users of this website are also directed to our Privacy Statement directly below.
Copyright
The text, images and all data (‘the content’) of the Artbank website are copyright. All content published on this website is copyright and appears with the permission of the artists and copyright holders. Artworks from the Artbank Collection appearing on this website have been reproduced under the Statutory Government License outlined in section 183 of the Copyright Act, 1968.
Authorised Uses
The content of this website may be used:
for private research and study;
for selection of artworks through Artbank’s leasing program; and/or
for research and study as defined by section 40 of the Copyright Act 1968.
All other uses of the content of this site require Artbank’s permission and permission of the copyright owner (where applicable). Applications for authorised use must be made to:
Artbank
PO Box 409
Surry Hills NSW 2010
Australia
+61 2 9697 6000
enquiries@artbank.gov.au
Any authorised use must ascribe to the following conventions:
Artwork must clearly identify the artist, title and date of the work within the reproduction;
Text must cite the author, title and source of the content used as from any printed work; and
The attribution must include the general source ‘Artbank website: www.artbank.gov.au’.
Prohibited Uses
You may not use the content for any purpose other than as specified above without the express written consent of Artbank.
The content of this website (or any part of it) may not be:
modified, republished, distributed, reproduced or communicated in any form;
used for any public performance or display including a transmission over a network; and
reproduced in any form including without limitation, the extraction and/or storage in any retrieval system or inclusion in any other computer program or work (except as is incidental to viewing the Artbank website).
Contravention is an infringement of the Australian Copyright Act 1968.
Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander warning
Artbank respectfully advises Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples that this site may include images of artistic, cultural or intellectual property that may be of a sensitive nature. All efforts have been made to ensure that restricted works are not included.
Privacy Policy
The privacy policy can be found on the Department of Infrastructure, Transport, Regional Development and Communications website.
Collection of your personal information:
At all times we try to only collect the information we need for the particular function or activity we are carrying out.
The main way we collect personal information about you is when you give it to us. For example, we collect personal information such as name, phone number, location (state/territory only) and email address when you:
contact us (via the contact form)
share a wishlist (either directly to an Artbank consultant or yourself/someone else).
Security
Our security responsibilities
We will ensure that:
the data you give us will be safe;
we will use encryption to protect the personal information you give us;
your data will be stored at a secure facility;
regular backups of data are performed to ensure it can be recovered in case of a disaster; and
all access to the system is logged.If any unauthorised behaviour should occur, this will assist us in identifying and resolving the issue.
Artbank and the The Department of Communications and the Arts’ ICT security practices and procedures are guided by whole-of-government standards and guidelines including the Australian Government Information Security Manual (ISM) and the Protective Security Policy Framework (PSPF).
Increasing your safety online & Protecting your computer
You should:
install and activate security software on your computer;
ensure your security software includes anti-virus, anti-spyware, firewall and anti-spam filter;
run regular scans of your computer for viruses; and
remember to update your security software to ensure you are always running the current version.
Other steps you should take help protect your computer include:
check your Internet browser’s security settings for ways to make your browsing more secure;
do not open email attachments if you do not know the sender;
only download files from reputable Internet sites;
be wary when exchanging files with colleagues or friends; and
never click on hyperlinks in emails received from unknown sources.
Further reading:
Cyber security
Stay Smart Online
ScamWatch
Accessibility
Accessibility features:
This website has been designed and constructed to ensure that:
it works well across the majority of popular web browsers;
download times have been minimised as much as possible;
all Australians, including those with a disability or with technical limitations can access the information on our site; and
it is in accordance with the World Wide Web Consortium’s Web Content Accessibility Guidelines.
Document formats:
Documents that can be downloaded from this website are available in both Portable Document Format (PDF) and in other formats. To access PDF documents, you need PDF reader software. AGIMO has published a list of PDF reader software programs that are available for free download. People who use speech readers may also need to access the Adobe Accessibility Resource Center to be able to read the content of PDF documents.
If you are having difficulty accessing any of the information on this website please contact us and we will arrange for the information to be made available to you in a more suitable format.
Navigating with a keyboard:
If you are not using a mouse to navigate our website, you can navigate on the keyboard by using the TAB and ENTER keys:
To select a link, use the TAB key + ENTER.
To go back, press the SHIFT key + TAB. To browse forward, press the TAB key.
Help and comments
We are working towards accessible online documents. If you are having difficulty accessing any of the information on this website or would like to send us your comments please contact us.
Policy Information
For policy information including Acquisition Criteria & Policy, Preservation Policy, Deaccession Policy and Artbank's 2019 to 2021 Collection Plan, please visit the Policy Information page.
Jump to...
Disclaimer
Copyright
Authorised Uses
Prohibited Uses
Privacy Policy
Security
Accessibility
Policy Information
Subscribe to the Artbank eNewsletter
First name
*
Last name
*
Email
*
I have read and agree to Artbank's Legal information and Privacy Policy
Read Artbank's Legal information and Privacy Policy.
Footer menu
Need help?
Message an Artbank consultant
I’m an artist without representation
I represent an artist
Is art leasing for me?
Site search
Collection
Browse the collection
How we acquire art
About the Collection
Latest
What’s on, Exhibitions and Events
News, Installations, Artists and more
View our archive video vault
Artbank
About us
Working at Artbank
Legal information
Policy information
Contact us
Artbank acknowledges the Traditional Custodians of Country throughout Australia.
Close