http://www.sheas.org/terms-legal/
My Shea's
Subscriber
Volunteer
Back
Donate Now
Theatres
Performances
Support Shea’s
Education
Plan a Visit
About
Donate Now
Theatres
Shea’s Buffalo Theatre
Shea’s 710 Theatre
Shea’s Smith Theatre
Performances
All Performances
Virtual Performances
Broadway Shows
Group Tickets
Gift Cards
Support Shea’s
Support Overview
“Restore the Wonder” Fund
Your Name in Lights
Shea’s Black Tie Gala
Education
2021 Kenny Award Submission Resources
The Learning Hub
Make a Virtual MuZical
Tools for Teachers
Resources for Theatre Students
Monologue Library
Junior Theater Celebration
Teaching Artists
Plan a Visit
Plan a Visit Overview
Shea’s Bistro & Bar
About
About Shea’s
Rentals
Leadership
Staff
Join the Shea’s Team
Contact
Search Shea's
Suggested Searches
Upcoming Performances
Rental Opportunities
Where to Park
Terms & Legal
Notice
All shows, dates, times, prices and artists are subject to change.
Privacy Policy
We have created this privacy policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to protecting information you submit. This privacy policy only applies to transactions made, and data gathered, through the Advanced Services (as defined below)provided in connection with the Shea’s Performing Arts Center web site or through related e-mails, and does not apply to any other services, web site, e-mails or offline point of contact between us and you or other consumers, subject to the section below entitled Special Provisions Applicable to Canada. Please review this privacy policy periodically as we may update it from time to time. Each time you use the Advanced Services, by doing so you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy at that time. You agree that by using the Advanced Services you are expressly and affirmatively consenting to our use and disclosure of the information that you provide, and consenting to receive e-mails, as described below in this privacy policy.
Who We Are; Advanced Services
Shea’s Performing Arts Center has contracted with Ticketmaster in order to provide you with the Advanced Services. Accordingly, when we say “we” in this privacy policy, we mean Shea’s Performing Arts Center or Ticketmaster, L.L.C. When we say the “Advanced Services” in this privacy policy, we mean the “Advanced Services” described below.
How Information Is Collected
Your IP Address
Like most Internet services, each time you use the Advanced Services, we automatically collect your IP address and the web page from which you came. In order to administer and optimize the Advanced Services for you and to diagnose problems with the Advanced Services, we use your IP address to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information about you.
Cookies
Like most Internet services, the Advanced Services use cookies to help them keep track of your purchases and other Advanced Services activity and enhance your experience with the Advanced Services. We also use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to facilitate the retrieval of information so you do not have to re-enter it each time you use the Advanced Services. While using the Advanced Services, others may place or read cookies on your browser as well. If you wish to disable these cookies, the “help” portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how. However, if you set your browser to disable cookies, you may not be able to access certain features of the Advanced Services.
Information We Collect From You
In order to provide the Advanced Services and provide you with information on products and services that may be of interest to you, we may collect “contact information” (i.e., information that could be used to contact you such as full name, postal address, phone number and e-mail address as well as your computer’s unique IP address (if any)), “financial information” (i.e., passwords, credit and debit card numbers and bank and other financial institution account numbers) and “demographic information” (e.g., zip code, postal code, hometown, gender, purchase history information and age as well as IP addresses that are not unique to your computer) from you. Please note that nowhere on the Site do we knowingly collect contact information or financial information from children under the age of 13.
How We Use Contact Information; Responsibility
Order and Payment Processing, Customer Service, Credit Card Issuers and Quality Assurance. We use contact information to help us efficiently perform transactions, to deliver the Advanced Services, to perform quality assurance, sales analyses and other business analyses, and to contact you in connection with events for which you purchased, administered, received or forwarded tickets (including event confirmations, changes and cancellations). In some cases we may use service providers to help us perform some of these tasks, including, but not limited to, processing or fulfilling your orders, or performing customer service, business analyses or quality control, and consequently we may share your contact information with these service providers. In such cases, we often require these service providers to enter into agreements with us regarding the confidential handling of your contact information. We may also provide your contact information to your credit card issuer or to credit card processors for their purposes. When you use the Advanced Services, you will provide us with an e-mail address where we, or these service providers, may contact you for the purposes described in this paragraph.
Contacting You for Offers and Promotions. By submitting an e-mail address to the Advanced Services you agree that Shea’s Performing Arts Center (on behalf of itself or on behalf of others) may send promotional e-mails to that e-mail address until such time that you opt out of receiving <0> promotional e-mails at that e-mail address. “Promotional e-mails” are e-mails that are sent solely for promotional purposes. If you purchase tickets (other than season tickets or tickets for seats that are only available to Season Ticket Holders) or receive forwarded or group tickets through the Advanced Services, then by submitting an e-mail address to the Advanced Services you agree that Ticketmaster (on behalf of itself or on behalf of others) may also send promotional e-mails to that e-mail address until such time that you opt out of receiving Ticketmaster’s promotional e-mails at that e-mail address.
Sharing Information to Fulfill Other Orders. In addition to providing the Advanced Services, we may sell other goods or services, allow you to make reservations, enable concessions to be purchased, or allow you to participate in (or register for) contests, sweepstakes or other offers or programs (such as discount or rewards programs, magazine subscriptions, hotel bookings or cruises) on the web sites in which the Advanced Services are provided. Typically, these goods, services, contests, sweepstakes or other offers or programs (“Special Offers”) for which you make purchases, orders or reservations, or for which you participate in or register, are provided by or completed by third parties (“Merchants”). Consequently, if you elect to engage in a Special Offer, we may provide the involved Merchants with your contact information-in fact, when you elect to engage in a Special Offer you affirmatively and expressly consent for us to provide your e-mail address and other information to all involved Merchants. Because Merchants are not part of Ticketmaster or Shea’s Performing Arts Center, Merchants are not subject to this privacy policy and may use your contact information to communicate with you by sending e-mails or through other means, and may share your contact information with others. If you want to learn about a particular Merchant’s privacy policies, or you do not want to receive communications from a particular Merchant, or you have other questions, instructions or concerns to which you would like a Merchant to respond, then you must contact that Merchant directly.
Disclosing Your Contact Information for Legal and Administrative Reasons. We may disclose specific contact information when we determine that such disclosure is necessary to comply with law, to cooperate with or seek assistance from law enforcement or to protect the interests or safety of Ticketmaster, Shea’s Performing Arts Center or other users of the Advanced Services. Also, your contact information may be passed on to a third party in the event of a transfer of ownership or assets, or a bankruptcy, of either of us.
Providing Each Other, Leagues and Affiliates with Contact Information. Ticketmaster and Shea’s Performing Arts Center may share your contact information with each other and with the league and home venue in which Shea’s Performing Arts Center plays, as well as with each others’, the league’s and the venue’s corporate affiliates.
Other Instances where Contact Information may be Shared. Other than as permitted in this privacy policy or the privacy policies on Shea’s Performing Arts Center web site, your contact information collected through the Advanced Services will not be disclosed to third parties.
Responsibility. Neither of us will be responsible or otherwise liable for any use or disclosure of your contact information by a third party to whom we are allowed to disclose your contact information under this privacy policy. Likewise, Shea’s Performing Arts Center will not be responsible for Ticketmaster’s use of your contact information in contravention of this privacy policy, and Ticketmaster will not be responsible for Shea’s Performing Arts Center’s use of your contact information in contravention of this privacy policy.
How We Use Financial Information; Responsibility
We use your financial information to check your qualifications, to help us efficiently perform sales and other transactions through the Advanced Services, to deliver the goods and services you have requested, to enroll you in the discount, rebate and other programs in which you elect to participate and to perform quality assurance. Also, Ticketmaster and Shea’s Performing Arts Center may share your financial information with each other. In some cases we may use, and consequently we may provide to service providers, your financial information to help us perform some of these tasks (some of which may be our corporate affiliates). In such cases, we will require these service providers to enter into agreements with us regarding the confidential handling of your financial information. We may also provide your financial information to your credit card issuer, financial institutions or credit card processors to process transactions and for their other purposes. Also, we provide your financial information to those Merchants who are involved in providing you with the goods, services or reservations you purchase or order, or who are administering the offers or programs you enter, through the web sites in which the Advanced Services are provided.
We may disclose specific financial information when we determine that such disclosure is necessary to comply with law, to cooperate with or seek assistance from law enforcement or to protect the interests or safety of Ticketmaster, Shea’s Performing Arts Center or other users of the Advanced Services. Also, your financial information may be passed on to a third party in the event of a transfer of ownership or assets, or a bankruptcy, of either of us.
Neither of us will be responsible or otherwise liable for any use or disclosure of your financial information by a third party to whom we are allowed to disclose your financial information under this privacy policy. Likewise, Shea’s Performing Arts Center will not be responsible for Ticketmaster’s use of your financial information in contravention of this privacy policy, and Ticketmaster will not be responsible for Shea’s Performing Arts Center’s use of your financial information in contravention of this privacy policy.
How We Use Demographic Information
We may use your demographic information to perform business analyses or to tailor the Advanced Services and communications to your interests. We may share anonymous, aggregated (grouped) demographic information with advertisers and other third parties so that they can tailor their advertisements and communications to the appropriate audience. Any time that we are allowed under this privacy policy to share your contact information or financial information, we may also share your demographic information along with it.
Information Other Web Sites Collect From You
Through the Advanced Services, we place links to other web sites operated by other parties or other web sites that our operated by either of us but that don’t offer the Advanced Services for Shea’s Performing Arts Center. Some of these other web sites contain our brand names and trademarks and other intellectual property that we own; others do not. When you click on these links and visit these other web sites, regardless of whether or not they contain our brand names, trademarks and other intellectual property, you need to be aware that we may not control these other web sites or these other web sites’ business practices, and that this privacy policy does not apply to those other web sites. Consequently, you should review the privacy policies on those other web sites, which will describe privacy practices that are different from those that are provided through the Advanced Services. Please note that we will not be responsible for the privacy or other business practices of any web site that we do not operate, regardless of whether or not the Advanced Services (or web sites where the Advanced Services are provided) link to those other web sites or whether those other web sites contain our trademarks or other intellectual property.
Our Security Precautions; Geographic Location of Information
The Advanced Services have security measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We use secure socket layer (SSL) technology to help protect the security of commerce transactions. We encrypt your contact information and financial information as it travels over the Internet and we store your financial information on our servers in encrypted form. Your information may be transferred to and maintained in whole or in part on computer networks which may be located outside of the state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction in which you reside, and may be stored on equipment or in facilities leased or licensed from third parties.
Public Areas
The Advanced Services may provide you with the opportunity to post information for display to the general public via the Internet (“public areas”), including, but not limited to, bulletin boards, chat rooms and user-submitted concert or other event reviews. This privacy policy does not apply to any information that you submit for use in public areas. We ask that you do not submit any contact information or financial information for display in public areas, as other people who use the Advanced Services will see it. If you submit such information for display in public areas, we cannot prevent it from being used in a manner that violates the law, your personal privacy or your safety. By submitting such information for display in public areas, you assume the risks and sole liability arising as a result of such information being displayed.
How You Can Access and Update Your Information; Deleting Information
The Advanced Services provide you with the ability to modify information you have previously provided to us. If you would like to delete an account that contains your information, please contact Shea’s Performing Arts Center. Please note that deleting your account will not delete all of your contact information or other information contained on our systems, as much or all of this information will be retained to preserve records of our commercial relationship with you. Further, certain information may have already been provided to third parties as described above.
How to Contact Us Regarding Privacy; Notice
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy or would like to contact us regarding the information you have submitted to us, you can contact us at the following addresses:
To contact us from the United States or anywhere other than Canada
By e-mail: Contact Us
By mail: Privacy Officer
c/o Legal Department
Ticketmaster, L.L.C.
8800 Sunset Blvd.
West Hollywood, CA 90069
Or
By email: patronservices@sheas.org
By mail: Shea’s Performing Arts Center
646 Main Street
Buffalo, NY  14202
If, to the extent required by law or otherwise, we notify you that the security of the information you submit has been compromised, you agree that we may give you such notice by e-mail instead of by US mail.
Legal Notices
Sign Up for our Email list