http://www.storiesville.com/index.php?view=document&tp=privacy
Log in
Sign up
PRIVACY POLICY
Storiesville is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. This privacy policy sets out how Storiesville ("Storiesville", "we", "us") uses and protects any information that you give us when you use this website. Storiesville may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. We recommend checking this page regularly to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
This Privacy Policy (which we adapted from a policy originally provided by Automattic) describes how we treat the information we collect when you visit and use the website available at Storiesville and is made available under the Creative Commons Sharealike license. Please read this notice very carefully.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Storiesville collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Storiesville’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Storiesville’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Storiesville may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Storiesville also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments. Storiesville only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that blog commenter IP addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Storiesville’s websites choose to interact with Storiesville in ways that require Storiesville to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Storiesville gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a membership to provide an email address. In each case, Storiesville collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Storiesville. Storiesville does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Storiesville may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, Storiesville may monitor the most popular storyboards or use spam screened by the appropriate service to help identify spam. Storiesville may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Storiesville does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Storiesville discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Storiesville’s behalf or to provide services available at Storiesville’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Storiesville’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Storiesville will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Storiesville discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Storiesville believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Storiesville, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Storiesville website and have supplied your email address, Storiesville may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Storiesville and our products. We primarily use our various product blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Storiesville takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Storiesville uses cookies to help Storiesville identify and track visitors, their usage of Storiesville website, and their website access preferences. Storiesville visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Storiesville’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Storiesville’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Storiesville, or substantially all of its assets were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Storiesville goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Storiesville may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Advertisements
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Storiesville and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Links to Third Party Sites
This Privacy Policy only applies to information collected by Storiesville. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Storiesville does not own or control, or employees that Storiesville does not manage. The Website contains links to third party websites. Any information you provide to, or that is collected by, third-party sites may be subject to the privacy policies of those sites, if any. We encourage you to read such privacy policies of any third-party sites you visit. It is the sole responsibility of such third parties to adhere to any applicable restrictions on the disclosure of your personally-identifying information, and Storiesville and its affiliates shall not be liable for wrongful use or disclosure of your personally-identifying information by any third party.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Storiesville may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Storiesville’s sole discretion. Storiesville encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Copyright 2020 LEETHM, LLC. All rights reserved.
Terms of use
Privacy policy
Log in.Email:Password:Remember meForgot your password?
Cancel
Login with Google
Login with FacebookOrNo Account?
Sign up now