https://www.eventbrite.com/e/new-date-and-venue-rhetoric-reality-federal-arts-policy-in-canada-tickets-44045370890
Page Content
Apr
06
NEW DATE AND VENUE: Rhetoric & Reality: Federal Arts Policy in Canada
by Radix Theatre Society
Free
Actions and Detail Panel
Sales Ended
Details
Event description
Description
This event has been re-scheduled from the original date which was postponed due to snow. It is also now in a new venue.
Radix Theatre, battery opera and Fight With a Stick present:
Rhetoric & Reality: Federal Arts Policy in Canada 1957 – 2014 Canadian artists are largely dependent on state funding constructs (Canada Council for the Arts, BC Arts Council etc) to provide financial support for their ideas and projects and, indirectly, recognition of artistic status. Artists approach officers, and through grant applications, juries to clarify, explain, and hopefully champion their work and give it a particular kind of validation. In this way, their thoughts are often focused on "How do I get the grant?"
But how does the state created entity see itself, and how does the ever-changing rhetoric around it compare to documented reality? What is this beast, this contraption, that we seek so much approval from? What does it even look like from a broader, less immediately self-involved perspective?
This is the view that Duncan Low took in his recent PhD Thesis Federal Arts Policy 1957 – 2014 The Rhetoric & The Reality, and we invite you to join us in a spirit of curiousity to hear Duncan explain his research in a free short presentation. Our goal is not to be comparative, "complainative" or prescriptive, just informative: what did Duncan see in the history and diagnostics of this machine? What’s under the hood?
Friday April 61pmRoundhouse Community Centre181 Roundhouse Mews, Vancouver, BCRoom B
Presentation to be followed by a Q&A session, and afterwards an informal retreat to a nearby bar for some stiff drinks
Free. Please RSVP
Federal Arts Policy 1957 – 2014 The Rhetoric & The RealityDuncan Low The dissertation asks: what evidence exists to underpin the claim that 21st century Canadian arts policy is delivering the support necessary to maintain and build a vigorous and sustainable professional arts sector? The study begins with a retrospective examination of the Canada Council, the principal instrument of federal policy for professional arts, and also includes an intensive review of a recent multi-million-dollar federal program that funded arts festivals on the basis of their tourism potential. The dissertation shows how the formation and management of arts policy has moved away from an arms-length approach to funding the professional arts in favour of programs for which economic rationales were paramount. The dissertation exposes the increasing dominance of policy rhetoric over substance, with conclusions that may provoke a reconsideration of fundamentals in the design, implementation and evaluation of professional arts policy in Canada.
Full text at http://summit.sfu.ca/item/16805
Duncan Low Bio Duncan has degrees from Simon Fraser University in Urban Studies (M.Urb) & Communication (PhD). He has completed extensive work with diverse cultural organizations across Canada and the UK, and is experienced in analyzing and synthesizing arts organizations data. His research has been published in the International Journal of Cultural Policy, Canadian Journal of Communication, and Canadian Theatre Review and has been presented at conferences in Canada, US and Europe. In June 2017 Duncan was awarded a Canadian Science Policy Fellowship with the BC Provincial Government. He is currently a Policy Fellow with the Research and Analysis Section at the Ministry of Advanced Education, Skills and Training using data visualization.
Tags
Tags
Canada Events
British Columbia Events
Things to do in Vancouver, Canada
Vancouver Seminars
Vancouver Community Seminars
Date and Time
Fri, April 6, 2018
1:00 PM – 3:00 PM PDT
Add to Calendar
Location
Roundhouse Community Arts & Recreation Centre
181 Roundhouse Mews
Vancouver, BC V6Z 2W3
Canada
View Map
View Map
Map and Directions
View Map
NEW DATE AND VENUE: Rhetoric & Reality: Federal Arts Policy in Canada
at
Roundhouse Community Arts & Recreation Centre
181 Roundhouse Mews, Vancouver, BC V6Z 2W3, Canada
event ended
NEW DATE AND VENUE: Rhetoric & Reality: Federal Arts Policy in Canada
View Details
View Details
Follow this organizer to stay informed on future events
Radix Theatre Society
Event creator
Events you might like:
Sat, Jan 23 12:00 PM
Time-Lapse — Closing Reception + Catalogue Launch
SUM Gallery, Vancouver
#Arts
#Party
Share this event
Free
Sat, Sep 25 1:00 PM
6TH ANNUAL LAND ASSEMBLY SEMINAR
3215 Macdonald Street, Vancouver
#FamilyEducation
#Class
Share this event
CA$0 - CA$112.46
Thu, Apr 15 6:00 PM
Art Vancouver 2021
Vancouver Convention Centre East, Vancouver
#Arts
#Festival
Share this event
Free
Sat, Dec 12 11:00 AM
VISAFF PRESENTS: HIDDEN FACES, HIDDEN VOICES
Surrey City Hall, Surrey
#FilmMedia
#Seminar
Share this event
CA$106.89 - CA$140.31
Sat, Mar 20 10:00 AM
Fulfilling Your Purpose
The Sun Tower, Vancouver
#Business
#Class
Share this event
Free
Thu, Dec 17 5:00 PM
CMC Third Thursday Vancouver at Terminal City Club
Terminal City Club, Vancouver
#Business
#Networking
Share this event
CA$99.30 - CA$142.43
Thu, Dec 31 9:00 PM
Vancouver New Year's Eve Speakeasy Cruise 2021
Magic Spirit Yacht, Vancouver
#Holiday
#Party
Share this event
Free
Tue, Jan 19 8:00 PM
Vancouver: Not Sure When, But Then! with Matt Davis
Vancouver, Vancouver
#Arts
#Performance
Share this event
Save This Event
Log in or sign up for Eventbrite to save events you're interested in.
Sign Up
Already have an account? Log in
Event Saved
Contact the organizer
Your message has been sent!
Your email will only be seen by the event organizer.
Find out more about how your privacy is protected.
Your Name
Email Address
Message
Enter the code as shown below:
Send message
Please wait...
Cancel
Close
Copy Link
Copy Event URL
Social Settings
Events are social. Allow Facebook friends to see your upcoming events?
No, keep my events secret
No, keep my events secret
Save