https://www.tvw.org/about/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
Overall Privacy Statement
Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us. Because we gather certain types of information about the users of the TVW website, we feel you should fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. This privacy statement discloses what information we gather, how we use it, and how to correct or change it.
1. Information TVW gathers and tracks
TVW gathers two types of information about users: data that users provide through optional, voluntary input on several different sections of our site; and tracking information that is collected mainly through access statistics and identification information throughout the various sections of our website. This information enables TVW to understand the needs and requests of our users and helps us determine what types of content are most beneficial to our audience. While we collect this information through these means, we do not share information about individual users with any third party. The information that may be gathered about our users is described in detail below:
Optional registration
Several sections within our website offer free, voluntary registration and feedback from users.
When a user fills out such form, several different types of information may be collected depending on the type of information they are completing. On any given form, a user may be asked to provide us with the following information: real name, address, city, state, zip, phone number, e-mail address, or company name While most of the information supplied is voluntary, certain items may be required for tracking purposes.
During the completion of these forms, the following information is also collected for administrative purposes: user IP, user host IP, reverse resolution, browser type, version, and operating system platform.
Usage tracking
TVW tracks user traffic patterns throughout all of our entire site. However, we do not correlate this information with data about individual users. Our company does break down overall usage statistics according to a user’s domain name, browser type, screen resolution, operating system platform, referrer information, and MIME type by reading this information from the browser string (information contained in every user’s browser).
TVW also tracks the search terms that users enter in various Internet search engines to reach our site, but this tracking is never associated with individual users.
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that certain Web sites write to your hard drive when you visit them. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you’ve visited. But the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can’t read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites.
TVW currently uses three cookies on our website. The first places a small identity tag which is used by our webserver to track unique user sessions. The second contains your user ID which is used to automatically load your personalized page settings if you have setup a personalization profile. The third cookie is used to mark you feedback survey complete (if you fill out the survey). The cookies are not encrypted and do not contain sensitive information (such as credit card information or passwords) about your account. Cookies that may be received through external links to our website did not originate from our company and therefore we have no control and can take no responsibility for such external files.
If you’ve set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you will receive the warning message with each cookie. You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use any portion of our site.
2. Use of the information
TVW uses any information voluntarily given by our users to enhance their experience on our website, whether to provide interactive or personalized elements on the sites or to better prepare future content based on the interests of our users.
As stated above, TVW uses information that users voluntarily provide in order to help us establish customer relations and track content usage. We use tracking information to determine which areas of our sites users prefer based on traffic to those areas. TVW does not track what individual users view, but rather how well each page performs overall. This helps us continue to build a better service for you. We track search terms entered in Internet search engines as one of many measures of what interests our users. However, we don’t track which terms a particular user enters.
TVW creates aggregate reports on user demographics and traffic patterns for use within our company only. TVW never shares individual personal information with anyone.
3. Sharing of the information
TVW uses the above-described information to tailor our content to suit your needs. We do not share information about individual users with any third party.
4. Opt-out policy
TVW gives users options wherever necessary and practical. Such choices include:
Opting not to provide certain personal information when completing feedback and input forms on our site
Opting not to participate in our surveys or contests, which completely alleviates the need for any information from our users
Opting not to participate in certain interactive areas, which completely alleviates the need for any information from our users
Opting not to use our e-commerce features (such as the shopping cart), which completely alleviates the need for any information from our users
5. Correct/update policy
TVW offers users the ability to correct or change the information collected during the completion of any form, request, or submission on any section within our website (see above). To change your e-mail subscription options, please visit theSubscription Center. To make any other changes or for help, please e-mail the webmaster with appropriate changes. Users may change this information at any time and as often as necessary. Users who are experiencing problems or who have any questions about how our services work can contact the webmaster.
6. Delete/deactivate policy
Users may request to have their member account deleted from our site at any time by contacting the webmaster with such a request. Please be aware that it may take up to two weeks to update all of our databases with such changes when making this request.
Method of Transaction Security
All financial transactions on tvw.org are secured via an SSL  security certificate using standard encryption. Credit card numbers and other personal financial information is transferred securely to our credit card processor. Credit card information is not stored permanently on our systems and is only stored for a very short time in order to transfer to our credit card processor.
Transaction Currency
All financial transactions occurring on tvw.org are calculated in U.S. Dollars only.
Order Cancellation & Refund Policy
You may cancel your DVD order at any time before your items have shipped. A refund will be sent for the purchase price of the DVD. Returns due to a non-playable or damaged DVD will be refunded for the purchase price of the DVD or a new DVD of the same event will be shipped to you at no cost. To cancel an order or return a DVD because of damage please contact us directly at 1 (360) 725-3999.
Questions/Concerns
If you have any questions or concerns regarding these disclosures, you may contact us by e-mailing support@tvw.org or by calling 1 (360) 725-3999
TVW web services made possible by:
Invintus Media Inc.
SiteCrafting
Powered by: