http://www.wmht.org/about/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting WMHT.org.WMHT takes great pride in offering high-quality, educational and inspirational programming, both on air and on the Web. Below you'll find information about our commitment to ensuring the privacy of your and your children's personally-identifying information (such as full name, address, e-mail address or other identifying information.)The privacy policy terms and conditions set forth here refer to WMHT.org, nynow.org, and wextradio.org. Please read it carefully before submitting any information to this site and if you have any questions, please contact us. Please note that WMHT.org, nynow.org, and wextradio.org link to numerous other sites, such as pbs.org and npr.org; please consult these sites to learn more about their policies.About ChildrenYou have trusted WMHT for many years to make safe and quality content that is suitable for family members of all ages. At WMHT.org whenever we seek information for activities and services for children, the information we collect is non-personal (such as only first name and last initial, age, city, and state.) We encourage parents to talk to their children about their use of the Internet and the information they disclose to Web sites, and to build an understanding of pages and services devoted to children and to distinguish those intended for adults (such as other areas of our site like our pledge page and our shop page.) If we know that a user is under the age of 13 we will not collect or store any personally-identifying information without first obtaining a parent's permission. Further, unless otherwise specified, visitors must be at least 18 years of age in order to participate in any WMHT.org or wextradio.org contests, to make an online pledge or to receive free email programming and membership updates.Gathering and Use of Information for WMHT.org and WMHT DonorsWMHT will never willfully disclose any personally-identifying information about our online users to any third party without first receiving the user's permission unless required by law. Further, we only collect personally-identifying information on a voluntary basis, such as when you submit an inquiry from our "Contact Us" page, send us an e-mail message, complete an online donation on our pledge page, or provide us with content submissions, community postings, or place a vote. WMHT staff will review your submissions in order to provide you information, service or a response. See our Terms of Use for more details on how we handle your content submissions and postings.As a visitor, you may opt-out of providing some or all requested information, yet please recognize, that in some circumstances you may become ineligible for certain activities. For example, failure to provide a postal mailing address when entering an online contest may prevent us from contacting you if you win. WMHT endeavors to make a good-faith effort to explain why we collect information, as it pertains to each online activity, in order to provide you with peace of mind.WMHT donors help WMHT to continue to produce, present and broadcast programs of value to our community, by making financial donations. WMHT respects the privacy of our donors. WMHT does not exchange, rent, sell, license or trade our donor’s names and addresses with any third parties. We will use donor information to process their donations, deliver membership benefits and program information, and to keep abreast of donor’s interests through surveys and research. WMHT may sometimes provide donor information to organizations hired by and working on behalf of WMHT, or other public broadcasting organizations or stations (such as the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, PBS, NPR) for research purposes, or to provide our donors station member benefits.Information We May CollectWMHT uses Google Analytics and Google Universal Analytics to gather information about the users of our web site. Our analytics tools will create log files which contain some or all of the following information: The Internet Protocol Address (IP Address) of the computer accessing our web site; The date, time, location, and length of each visit from each IP Address; Certain technical information such as browser being used; The path taken through our web site and actions taken throughout a session; Clicks to links on our Site that lead to other sites; A record of files downloaded and/or the amount of time spent viewing any video or audio files; Any errors encountered; Other metrics provided by services such as: Google Analytics and Google Universal Analytics.By looking at this “traffic” we can better understand our community, which allows us to improve our websites and mobile applications and to provide you with an optimal experience and better service.Use of Cookies, Tracking Technologies, and Other Third-Party ToolsIn order to provide optimal service and convenience, we may use tracking technologies, including “cookies.” Cookies and similar technologies (e.g., pixels and other tags) are temporary bits of code placed in your web browser that allows WMHT to track how you use the WMHT Sites and facilitates communication when you browse WMHT Sites. Cookies are completely anonymous and help us serve you: we use information gathered with cookies to optimize the WMHT Sites and your browsing experience. We also use cookies when you make a pledge to keep track of items you add to your pledge basket so you can continue to browse the WMHT Sites until you are ready to check out. At no time does the cookie reveal your name, address, email, or telephone number (even if you have entered these in other areas of WMHT Sites). You always have the ability to set your browser to refuse to accept cookies without limiting your ability to make a pledge securely or browse the WMHT Sites – though some parts of the WMHT Sites may not function properly if cookie acceptance is disabled.Third parties, including those advertising on our sites and our advertising analytics partners, may also use tracking technologies to follow your use of the WMHT Sites or advertisements placed on the Sites. WMHT does not control third-party tracking, which occurs on our Sites by DoubleClick; you may opt out of DoubleClick tracking by visiting Google’s DoubleClick opt-out page and control your trackability more widely at the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.Security and Your InformationWe take reasonable steps to protect your personally-identifying information. In particular, when you come to WMHT.org or wextradio.org to submit a pledge on our pledge pages, your submitted information, including your credit card numbers, are encrypted using "Secure Socket Layer" (SSL) encryption, which is the industry standard for information security. You know you are on a secure page when the Web address starts with "https" (the "s" is for "secure"). In the unlikely event your data is intercepted by a third party, it will be unusable. You should keep in mind that no Internet transmission is ever 100% secure or error-free. In particular, e-mail you send to us may not be secure, and you should, therefore, take special care in deciding what information you include.Our goal is to offer service while adhering to the best security practices possible; to do so requires your shared cooperation and commitment. Thus to participate in these optional services you agree to abide by the following terms and conditions:All information submitted by you is accurate and updated.In the case where registration or a user identity is required, you will not select or use an e-mail address or identity of another person with the intent to impersonate that person.You will not use an e-mail address in which another person has rights without that person's authorization.You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any passwords or user identification created for using services on WMHT.org, nynow.org, or wextradio.org.PBS Passport ServiceIf you are viewing on-demand video on the WMHT Sites through the PBS Passport service or player, you have agreed that PBS may collect your viewing and usage information and that PBS may share this information with WMHT. Your individual and usage viewing information will only be shared with WMHT, but PBS may share aggregate de-identified viewing and usage information with its member stations and service providers, as well as WMHT. PBS’s collection, storage, and use of Passport information is subject to PBS’s Terms and Conditions.Acceptance of the WMHT Privacy Policy Terms and ConditionsYour use, and your family's use, of this site is conditioned on your having accepted the terms and conditions of the WMHT Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions, as well as our Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, do not use this site.We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Your continued use of WMHT.org, nynow.org, or wextradio.org following the posting of any changes to these terms shall mean that you have accepted those changes.If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us.Thank you.