http://www.clayartcenter.org/privacy
Cart
0
About
The Studio
At Home
Events
Exhibitions
Support
Opportunities
Shop
COVID-19 Response
Back
History & Mission
Anti-Racist Agenda
Faculty
CAC Artists
Resident Artists
Staff
Board of Directors
Visit
Facilities
Blog
Back
EventsCalendar
Back
Concepts In Clay
Connections
Back
Donate
Ways to Give
Annual Appeal
Hand in Hand 2020 Program
Shop the Mission
Two Strong Hands
Sponsor a Child
Corporate Sponsorships
Planned Giving
Memberships
Back
Get Involved
Artist Residencies
Fellowships
CAC Artist Program
Volunteer
Internships
Scholarships
Call For Entry
Job Opportunities
Shop
Connections Call For Entry
After School Arts
Privacy PolicyClay Art Center is committed to protecting your privacy when you visit clayartcenter.org (the “Website”). By using the Website, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of Website's Terms of Use, which can be found here, and its privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”), which is outlined below.COLLECTING INFORMATION ON THE WEBSITEClay Art Center may collect information from you when you register on the Website, place an order, respond to a communication or participate in another site feature to facilitate better customer service and personalize your site experience. Clay Art Center does not collect personal information about individuals, such as names and mailing or e-mail addresses, unless the individual visiting the Website knowingly provides it.Online Purchases and DonationsWhen you order a product from Clay Art Center’s online store or make a donation to Clay Art Center online, we may need to know your name, billing and shipping addresses, telephone number, e-mail address and payment information to process your order or donation. Your payment information will be stored temporarily on a secured server and used only as needed to process your transaction. We will retain your personally identifiable information for our records, in order to facilitate better customer service, personalize your site experience and inform you of our content and products.If you purchase a gift for a third party, we may also collect information about the gift recipient so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes.E-mailIf you e-mail Clay Art Center, your message and e-mail address may be saved and we may send you e-mails in order to respond to your message. Any material, business information, ideas, concepts or other information sent to Clay Art Center by e-mail will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary.E-mail NewsletterClay Art Center offers visitors to the Website the opportunity to subscribe to our e-mail newsletter. You may subscribe or unsubscribe at any time by e-mailing mail@clayartcenter.org.Children Twelve and UnderClay Art Center does not solicit personal information from children. Visitors twelve years of age and under are required to obtain an adult's permission before submitting any personal information to the Website.CookiesCookies are small files of information that are stored on your computer's hard drive by your Web browser that enable the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture certain information. Cookies help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change the preferences of your browser so that it does not accept them. In order to use all the features of the Website, we recommend that you accept cookies.Use of Outside VendorsClay Art Center may from time to time retain qualified third party vendors in order to help us manage the Website and allow us to better serve our visitors and customers. These may include third party vendors who assist us by processing registration and ticketing for certain events or courses. We may also engage third party vendors to analyze the information we collect on the Website for marketing or similar purposes. Clay Art Center requires its vendors to maintain the security of the information to which they are provided access and restricts the vendors from using the information in any way not expressly authorized by Clay Art Center.We may contract with third parties who use cookies to collect information on our behalf. These parties are required to maintain the confidentiality of such information. If you would like to opt out of this use of your information, you can change the preferences of your browser so that it does not accept cookies. We may also contract with companies or others to provide certain services, including payment processing, data management, promotional services, etc. These service providers are provided with the information they need to perform these services and restricted from using the information in any way not expressly authorized by Clay Art Center.USE AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATIONClay Art Center does not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. The term “outside parties” does not include Clay Art Center or website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating the Website, conducting our business or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.Clay Art Center may release account information when such release is reasonably necessary to comply with the law, enforce the terms of any of our user agreements, or protect the rights, property and safety of Clay Art Center, the users of the Website or others.If you have provided us with your e-mail address, we may send you e-mails in order to alert you to information, events, activities or programs at or related to Clay Art Center that we believe may be of interest to you, or to alert you about sales or other promotional events at Clay Art Center’s online store. If you do not want us to use your e-mail address to contact you for these purposes, you may send an e-mail message containing your name and address to mail@clayartcenter.org.LinkingThe Website may include links to websites operated by third parties over which we have no control. Once you leave the Website, the Privacy Policy will not apply, and you access such sites at your own risk.SecurityClay Art Center’s secure server software uses industry-standard Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology. SSL encodes your personal information, including credit card number, name and address, as it travels over the Internet so that all transactions are secure. If you prefer, you may also place a Clay Art Center order or make a donation by phone.It is important for you to protect yourself against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer.Be sure to use a known and trusted secure connection and to log off when finished using a shared computer. Notwithstanding our commitments to protect your information (including personally identifiable information) from loss, misuse or alteration by third parties, you should be aware that there is always some risk involved in transmitting information over the Internet. There is also some risk that others could find a way to thwart our security systems. As a result, while we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security and privacy of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.Please be advised that when placing an online order through the Clay Art Center’s online store, your personal data will be protected in accordance with United States law but may not be at the same level of protection as is legally required in the European Union.Revisions to Privacy PolicyPlease note that Clay Art Center may revise its Privacy Policy at any time, without notice, such changes to be effective immediately upon posting on the Website. Such revisions may arise in response to changes in the law, policy, or other factors. We encourage you to periodically visit the Website to review our most current policy.Questions and FeedbackWe welcome your questions, comments and concerns about privacy. Please send any and all feedback pertaining to privacy or any other issue to mail@clayartcenter.org.