http://www.dominorecordco.com/policies/privacy/
Menu
Close
Artists
Releases
News
Live
Mart
Contact
Artists
Releases
News
Live
Mart
Contact
Don't miss any of our news -Join the Domino mailing list
Sign Up Now
Domino
US
FR
DE
Contact
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Updated: 19/12/2019
Domino Recording Company Limited (Domino) responsible for the www.dominomusic.com website and Domino Mart e-commerce site located at www.dominomart.com (together Sites).
Domino is part of Domino Music Group, with registered number 03365112 and address at Unit 3 Delta Park, Smugglers Way, London, SW18 1EG. For the purposes of the GDPR, Domino Music Group is the controller in relation to your data and is registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) under registration number ZA384662. We will endeavour to review our Privacy Policy every 12 months.
This Privacy Policy sets out how Domino collects and processes the personal information you provide while using the Sites. If you have any questions with regard to these practices or no longer wish to receive communications from Domino, please click here and submit a "Privacy and Personal Data Requests" query. This Privacy Policy was last updated in March 2019 and any changes will be posted to this page.
This Privacy Policy does not address and we are not responsible for, the privacy information or other practices of any third-party (including Facebook, Inc., Apple Inc., Google LLC, Microsoft Corp., SK Acquisition Ltd), any wireless carriers, our artists, and any third-party operating any site to which Domino’s Sites contains a link. In addition, the inclusion of a link on the Sites does not imply endorsement of, or affiliation with, the linked site by us or by our artists.
What data do we collect and how?
We collect your personal information through webforms when you make a purchase from us, or sign-up to a mailing list via any of the Sites. We use this information to send you information regarding Domino and our artists, and related activities including those of third parties which we think may be of legitimate interest to you.
If you sign up to any Domino mailing list, we will collect and store the following information: your full name, email address and your public internet protocol (IP) address.
If you place an order via Domino Mart, we will collect and store the following information: your full name, delivery address, email address and mobile phone number.
You must be over 14 years of age in order to purchase items from Domino Mart.
We also collect information automatically about your visit to the Sites using cookies. Cookies help us to understand how people use the Sites, enable online transactions and inform our digital advertising. Please see our Cookie Policy below for more details.
If you click on any "Pre-Save on Spotify" links and utilise this functionality: we will collect additional personal information, as outlined in the "Pre-Save on Spotify" paragraphs at the end of this Policy page.
How do we use your personal information?
Domino mailing lists: The information we collect via mailing lists enables us to tailor e-mail communications to your location and make these more relevant to you, and we will keep this information for as long as your consent is still valid. You can expect to receive no more than two to three e-mail communications per month from Domino, which will include news, offers and information about new releases, taking into account any previous purchases by you from Domino Mart.
Domino Mart e-commerce sites: The information we collect via Domino Mart enables us to fulfil your order and our contractual obligations to you. We will only use your mobile phone number to contact you with updates about delivery, in the event you placed an order using a tracked delivery service.
In the interest of providing a quality service, we use third party payment services providers who may be located in the United States (SagePay, Stripe or PayPal, depending on the payment method you choose at the check-out stage) to handle electronic or card payments. The payment provider (either SagePay, Stripe or PayPal) handle electronic or card payments without the requirement for you to disclose your payment information or billing address to us.
Domino will fulfil your order directly or use a third party fulfilment service located in the United States (Whiplash). To ensure you receive your order, Domino will provide Whiplash with your personal information together with information about the products you have ordered. Domino and Whiplash will keep your full name and delivery address on-file alongside your order details for as long as your consent and the purpose for retaining that data is still valid, such purpose being to enable us to handle any questions from you about your order after shipping.
If you consented to receiving further e-mail communications from us at the time of making your purchase, Domino may also use your personal information and order details to contact you about offers which are only open to existing customers. Information collected via Domino artist websites may also be stored by that artist’s representatives for the purposes set out in this paragraph. If you have not consented to receiving further e-mail communications from us, we will only contact you with important information relating to your purchase - for example if there is a production delay relating to an item you have pre-ordered.
If you click on any "Pre-Save on Spotify" links and utilise this functionality: we will collect additional personal information, as outlined in the "Pre-Save on Spotify" paragraphs at the end of this Policy page.
Your rights
Domino is committed to protecting the personal information you entrust to us. We adopt robust and appropriate technologies and policies to protect the information you have provided to us from unauthorised access and improper use.
Domino will not sell your personal information to third parties or use it for purposes not set out in this Privacy Policy. If it is necessary to transfer your data outside the EEA, Domino will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data continues to be protected.
You can unsubscribe from Domino e-mail communications at any time by using the unsubscribe link in the footer of our e-mails or via https://www.dominomusic.com/contact (select the "Privacy and Personal Data Requests" option from the dropdown menu when submitting your request). You can also use this contact form to request a copy of the personal information that we hold on you, or if you wish to amend your personal information held by Domino, or request that we delete your personal information from our records.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information - Your California Privacy Rights
As defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act, California residents have certain rights regarding the collection, use, disclosure, and sale of their personal data. Domino engages in industry-standard advertising business practices that may be considered a sale, by allowing advertising networks we partner with (Google and Facebook) to place cookies on our Sites, as detailed below in our Cookies Policy. We do not knowingly sell personal data related to children under 16 years of age.
California residents have the right to request:
Disclosure of the personal data that Domino collects, uses, discloses, and sells about you
Deletion of your personal data that we maintain
To opt out of the sale of your personal data.
To obtain such information free of charge, please submit your request via https://www.dominomusic.com/contact (select the "Privacy and Personal Data Requests" option from the dropdown menu when submitting your request). We will respond to these requests within thirty (30) days.
Cookies Policy
In order to make our websites easier to use and improve our service, we use cookies across our Sites. Cookies are small files stored in your browser which do not give us access to your computer. Information generated by the third-party cookies listed below will be transmitted and stored on servers in the United States and outside the EEA. For more information on cookies, including how to reject or delete them, please visit allaboutcookies.org
Domino uses cookies to:
Power our e-commerce process by remembering what is in your cart and where you want your order delivered.
Show you advertisements across third-party websites and social media platforms which are relevant to your interests in Domino artists. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advert, as well as to measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign. These advertisements are served by Google and Facebook and enabled using the following third-party cookies.
We use Google’s enhanced remarketing and reporting tools (Google signals) which includes anonymised data collection across multiple devices, when you are signed-in to your Google account. You can opt-out of Google advertising personalisation by visiting Google’s Ads Settings here
You can opt-out of seeing online interest-based ads from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the US, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe, or through your mobile device settings.
Measure and generate reports on use of the Sites so that we can measure and improve their performance including the number of page visits and traffic sources. To do this, we use the following third-party cookies:
Google Analytics, operated by Google Inc. All user data collected by these cookies is in an anonymous form. You can view Google’s practices and position on privacy across Google Analytics here
Inspectlet, a user tracking service operated by Inspectlet. We use this service to identify and diagnose any technical or user interface issues with our Sites. Session data is deleted by Inspectlet after 3 months. You can view Inspectlet’s data collection and retention policy
here. If you do not wish to participate in Inspectlet analytics, you can opt out here.
PRE-SAVE ON SPOTIFY - Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
The Spotify Pre-Save functionality (Application) is designed and operated by Domino in order to notify Spotify users about new music, artist activity on Spotify, updates and exclusive content. This requires you to log-in to the Application using your Spotify Account, in order to automatically add new music to your library upon release date.
Upon clicking the "Pre-Save on Spotify" button within the Site and signing into your Spotify Account via accounts.spotify.com: you will automatically follow the artist who is associated with the release (Artist) and their artist-specific playlist(s) on Spotify. By doing this, you confirm your understanding that the Application uses the Spotify Platform, which by its nature interacts with the service, websites and software applications provided by Spotify (Spotify Service).
Domino may also use the personal information provided via the Application and which we collect via cookies to send you email communications from the Artist, in accordance with our main Privacy Policy above. Domino are not responsible for the content or data processing practices of third party websites, including the Spotify Service, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to third party websites, applications, or services accessible by link within the Applications. You can find out more about how the Spotify Service will use the information you provide via the Application here.
Pre-Save on Spotify: What data do we collect and how?
When you sign-in to your Spotify account via the Application, your account credentials are processed by Spotify and not shared with Domino.
Domino will then automatically collect some personal information from you via the Application, using the Web API developed and maintained by Spotify. This includes:
your email address
your full name
your Spotify user name
your country
your date of birth
We use this information to send you information regarding the Artist and related activities which we think may be of legitimate interest to you.
We also collect information automatically about your visit to the Sites using cookies. Cookies help us to understand how people use the Sites and inform our digital advertising. Please see our Cookie Policy above for more details.
Pre-Save on Spotify: How do we use your personal information?
The information we collect enables us to automatically add any new music from the Artist to your Spotify library when it is released, and we will keep this information for as long as your consent is still valid. You can expect to receive no more than two e-mail communications per month which will include news, offers and information about the Artist. The information collected via the Application may also be transferred and stored by that artist’s representatives for the purposes set out in this paragraph.
Domino Mart
Order Enquiries
Redeem a Download Code
Domino Recording Co.
FAQs
About Domino
Contact Us
Track your order
Please enter your order reference number.
Don't miss any new releases - join the Domino mailing list
Sign Up Now
By continuing to browse this site, you agree to our privacy notice, and the use of cookies as described in this notice.CLOSE
Asset 1
+
Enter your email address to join:
We'll never share your email with anyone else.
SUBSCRIBE
Sign up for the monthly newsletter from Domino, keeping you in the loop with what is happening in our world - records, news, videos, gigs as well as offers, discounts and exclusives.
View our Privacy Policy