http://www.photokaboom.com/site/privacy.htm
photokaboom
Learn Photography
Home | About | Privacy,
Etc.
Ask Jim | SarasotaPhotoLessons.com
Menus
Site > Privacy, Etc.
Cookies
What are cookies?
• Wikipedia
•
What Is a Browser Cookie?
Your web browser and
Google Analytics may place cookies on your computer.
Personal Information
That You Provide
You can use this website without providing any personal information.
If you contact me via Ask
Jim and want a reply, you will have to provide your first name and e-mail
address.
If you do so:
• I won't share your first name and e-mail address with anyone.
• I won't send you unsolicited e-mail.
Creative Energy Questionnaire
Go to Creative Energy
Questionnaire for privacy information related to its use.
Children's Usage
This website is for the use of people over the age of thirteen.
This website doesn't knowingly collect personal information from children
thirteen years old or under.
Should a youngster use Ask
Jim and it can be determined that the person is age thirteen or under, parent
or caregiver permission will be requested, in compliance with The Children's
Online Privacy Protection Act.
Collection of Statistics
Statistics are collected by the servers at
GoDaddy.com, the company that hosts this
website.
The statistics include domain name, IP address, IP address of any website
from which the user linked to this website, browser and operating system types,
date and time of access, and search words and phrases used.
I don't use any of the above statistics for anything.
Ask Jim
Ask Jim is a free feature.
The feature may be discontinued at any time for any reason.
A particular individual's use of this feature may be terminated at any
time and for any reason.
Disclaimer About Websites
On This Website
The inclusion of a website on this website is not necessarily an endorsement
of the website by me.
I can't guarantee that information obtained from these websites is complete
and accurate.
I can't guarantee that goods and services obtained from these websites
are useful and are provided by competent personnel.
I can't guarantee that files downloaded by you from these websites are
safe to use on your computer.
Google Advertisements
Google selects the advertisements that appear on this website.
The advertisements help support this website.
Disclaimer About
Google Advertisements
Because Google selects the advertisements that appear on this website:
• The inclusion of an advertisement is not an endorsement of the advertisement
by me.
• I can't guarantee that information obtained from advertisements on
this website is complete and accurate.
• I can't guarantee that goods and services obtained from advertisements
on this website are useful and are provided by competent personnel.
• I can't guarantee that files downloaded by you from an advertiser are
safe to use on your computer.
Questions
If you have a question, you can contact me, Jim Beecher, via
Ask Jim.
photokaboom.com
© 2000 - 2019 Jim Beecher