http://www.bushnell.org/content/privacy-statement
//-->
Skip to main content
Home
Shows & Concerts
Find Events
View All Events
Broadway
Symphony
Bushnell Children's Theatre
Family
Comedy
Concerts
Relaxed Programming
ASL Interpreted
Purchase Tickets
Ways To Buy
MyTickets Portal Info
Broadway Season Tickets
Groups
Online Group Program
Gift Cards
Seating Charts
Ticket Policies
Presenting Companies
The Bushnell's 2020-21 Broadway Series
Visit
THE BUSHNELL
166 Capitol Avenue,
Hartford CT 06106
Directions & Parking
Facility Maps
Guest Services & Policies
Security
Sensory-Friendly/Relaxed Programming
Accessibility
Bushnell for Kids
Visual Arts
Health & Safety: COVID-19
Tours
Visit FAQ
See what's in our neighborhood
Dining
Happy Hour
Hotels
Nearby Attractions
Reserve Our Spaces
Theater Rentals
William H. Mortensen Hall
Maxwell M. and Ruth R. Belding Theater
Private Events
Explore Our Spaces
William H. Mortensen Hall
Maxwell M. and Ruth R. Belding Theater
Autorino Great Hall
Seaverns Room
Horace Bushnell Suite
Mortensen Lobbies
Belding Theater Lobby
Hillyer Suite
William H. Mortensen Hall
Education
Partners®
Partners in Arts and Education Revitalizing Schools
Ensign-Darling Vocal Fellowship
Noah Webster Jazzicians
Connecticut Youth Poetry Slam
William A. Yandow Educator Award
Bushnell Children's Theatre
2020-21 BCT Season:
Warriors Don't Cry
Schoolhouse Rock Live!
Pete's Big Hollywood Adventure
> BCT Guidelines and Procedures
Support Our Efforts
See all the ways you can elevate our efforts in Education!
Support
Individual Giving
Membership
Bushnell Young Professionals
Benefit Levels
Investorship
Individual Giving FAQ
Estate Giving
Bequests
Retirement Assets
Charitable Gift Annuity
Charitable Remainder Trust
Life Insurance
Other Gift Types
Estate Giving FAQs
Corporate
and Foundation Giving
Sponsors
Members
Supporting Organizations
Capital and Endowment Giving
Gala and Events
Ovations Gala
Events
Fundraising Leadership and volunteers
Donate
About
Leadership
Staff
Join Us
Careers
Internships
Volunteers
Bushnell History
History
Archives
Landmark Building
Bushnell in the Community
iQuilt Plan
Our Neighborhood Vision
Access
Bushnell Speakers Bureau
Economic Impact
Bushnell Management Services
Media Room
Green Building Initiatives
Bushnell South RFP
On Broadway and Beyond
Contact Us
Home » Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which The Bushnell collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the http://www.bushnell.org/ website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by The Bushnell.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, subscribe to the newsletter, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
The Bushnell may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Our Site is in compliance with PCI vulnerability standards in order to create as secure of an environment as possible for Users.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Bushnell has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
The Bushnell http://www.bushnell.org/ The Bushnell 166 Capitol Avenue Hartford, CT 06106-1621 (860) 987-6000
This document was last updated on September 10, 2013