http://www.markmooregallery.com/privacy-policy
Contemporary Art Associates, Inc. dba Mark Moore Fine Art and its affiliated entities located inside and outside the EEA respects your privacy and seeks to protect your personal data.
The following information describes how we gather and use that data. The amount of information we hold on you and how we use it depends on your relationship with us and some of the sections below may not be relevant to you. We reserve the right to alter and update this Privacy Policy from time to time. The date of the most recent update is stated at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.
Mark Moore Fine Art’s Data Principles:
We keep to a minimum the amount of information we hold about you.
We use your data to respond to your enquiries and provide you with information that we believe you would like to receive about MMFA, our artists, available artworks and our events (the lawful basis for this is “legitimate interest”).
We also use your data to complete transactions with you on our website and also via our art advisory service and other affiliated businesses (the lawful basis for this is “contract”).
We also use your data to communicate with you where you have signed up and opted in to receive information from us (the lawful basis for this is "consent").
We only hold your data for as long as necessary.
We apply appropriate security mechanisms to protect your personal data.
Our legitimate business interests are balanced with your interests, rights and freedoms and your consent.
The General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) is a European Regulation concerning the use and processing of personal information.  We are committed to processing your information in line with high standards and in compliance with the GDPR, wherever you are located. For the definition of terms used within this Privacy Policy please refer to the GDPR. You can find out more about the GDPR from the European Commission's website here.
We are happy to answer any questions you have about this Privacy Policy. Email us at: info@markmoorefineart.com
Back To Top