https://www.riotinto.com/footer/privacy-cookies
Privacy & Cookies
Home
Footer
Privacy & Cookies
Footer
Privacy Policy
Rio Tinto is a leading international mining group headquartered in the UK, combining Rio Tinto plc, a London and New York Stock Exchange listed company, and Rio Tinto Limited, which is listed on the Australian Securities Exchange. The two companies are joined in a dual listed companies structure as a single economic entity, called the Rio Tinto Group.
This Privacy Policy applies to the processing of personal data by all Rio Tinto staff and all the companies in the Rio Tinto Group (which may be described as "Rio Tinto", "Group businesses", "we" or "us" in this Privacy Policy also).
Structure
This Privacy Policy is in two parts. It contains:
Part 1: Rio Tinto's Data Privacy Standard which includes 12 Data Privacy Principles that apply whenever and wherever Rio Tinto collects and processes personal data (including but not limited to any personal data processing that occurs through this website). The Data Privacy Standard is Rio Tinto’s organisation-wide privacy policy; and
Part 2: Online privacy statement and cookies privacy statement, which sets out additional information about your privacy if you use this website.
A Glossary has been included at the end of the Standard which defines key terms (in bold).
Questions and contact information
If you have any questions or complaints about your privacy or wish to exercise your rights as a data subject, please refer to Data Privacy Principle 8 in the Data Privacy Standard (below) and:
if you are a Rio Tinto staff member, contact the Data Privacy Lead for your region; or
otherwise, contact your local Rio Tinto office; or
email us at AskE&I@riotinto.com. Your correspondence will be forwarded to the Rio Tinto Data Privacy Lead for the relevant region to consider.
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. This Privacy Policy was last updated in November 2019.
Privacy Policy
Online Privacy & Cookies
Data Privacy Standard
Introduction
What does this Standard do?
The Data Privacy Standard sets out the minimum rules (Data Privacy Principles) that apply whenever and wherever Rio Tinto collects and processes personal data. The Data Privacy Principles reflect the benchmark for processing personal data across the Rio Tinto Group. Note that:
personal data means all information relating to any identifiable individual.
process and processing covers everything we might do with personal data.
The Glossary at the end of the Standard defines these and other terms used in this Standard (in bold).
Who does this Standard apply to?
As Rio Tinto’s organisation-wide privacy policy, this Standard applies to everyone who works for Rio Tinto, and to each Rio Tinto Group business.
Why is compliance with this Standard important?
The following explains this. At Rio Tinto, the lawful and correct handling of personal data is critical. At its simplest, people need to be able to trust us to respect their privacy and how we handle their personal data when working with us or doing business with us.
In addition, we need to comply with privacy and data protection laws around the world. Applying the Data Privacy Principles in this Data Privacy Standard helps us to do this. Failure to comply with these principles could lead to financial and reputational damage to Rio Tinto, as well as resulting in a loss of trust from the individuals we employ, engage or do business with.
What do we need to comply with?
At Rio Tinto, it is important that we comply with the Data Privacy Principles below and also with local laws that apply to the processing of personal data. If there is a conflict between the requirements under the Data Privacy Principles and local laws, we comply with the most stringent requirement.
Data privacy principles
The following Data Privacy Principles reflect the minimum rules that apply to the processing of personal data at Rio Tinto.
Data Privacy Principle 1
Our processing of personal data is lawful, fair and transparent
Lawful basis for processing: We will only process personal data:
for the legitimate business purpose we collected it for, as explained in a privacy statement**;
for other purposes that the data subject (the person that the data relates to) consents to;
where necessary for the performance of a contract with the data subject;
if the processing is required in order to comply with our legal obligations; or
if the processing is expressly permitted under local data privacy laws and the relevant personal data originates in that jurisdiction.
Notification of processing: We will notify data subjects that we're collecting their personal data, by providing a privacy statement** at or before the time we collect personal data from them.
[**Additional information about privacy statements (also known as ‘collection notices’) is at the end of Appendix 3]
Data Privacy Principle 2
We limit our personal data processing
Purpose limitation: Our personal data processing must be for specific and limited purposes, as notified to the data subject. If we process personal data for a different purpose than that notified, we need to inform the relevant data subject(s) of that new purpose (in accordance with Data Privacy Principle 1).
Data minimisation: We must process only that amount of personal data that we need for the relevant processing purpose. Our personal data processing must be adequate, relevant and not excessive.
Data Privacy Principle 3
We maintain data quality
When we process personal data, we take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal data is accurate and where necessary, is kept up to date.
Data Privacy Principle 4
We are careful with sensitive information
Sensitive information is a type of personal data that is of a particularly private nature and includes (among other things) personal data about a person's race, ethnic origins, trade union membership and health information. We must ensure that sensitive information is processed only when necessary and only if:
the data subject consents; or
if processing is:
required in order to comply with our legal obligations,
is expressly permitted under local data privacy laws and the relevant personal data originates in that jurisdiction; or
necessary to prevent or lessen a serious and imminent threat to the life, health or safety of any person.
Data Privacy Principle 5
We protect our disclosures of personal data
We protect disclosures of personal data (including but not limited to when it is transferred across national borders) as follows:
Disclosures outside the Rio Tinto Group: If we need to disclose personal data outside the Rio Tinto Group (for example, to an external service provider or to a third party who is authorised to receive the personal data), we must ensure that:
the disclosure is protected by contractual data privacy clauses approved by Ethics & Compliance or Rio Tinto Legal. This must include an assessment of whether any transfers across national borders comply with applicable data privacy laws;
the relevant data subjects have consented to the disclosure; or
the disclosure is otherwise required by law or is or is expressly permitted under local data privacy laws and the relevant personal data originates in that jurisdiction.
Disclosures within the Rio Tinto Group: Disclosures within the Rio Tinto Group are protected by the Rio Tinto Data Transfer Deed if it is necessary to share personal data outside of the jurisdiction where the personal data was first collected. Company secretarial and each Group business will ensure that any new Group companies sign up to the Rio Tinto Data Transfer Deed.
Data Privacy Principle 6
We must secure personal data
General data security obligations: Personal data must be kept secure and protected against accidental, unauthorised or unlawful processing, including against loss and unauthorised access, destruction, misuse, modification or disclosure. This means ensuring that Rio Tinto has appropriate technical and organisational measures in place. Data security obligations apply whether personal data is stored in hard copy form (eg paper) or in electronic form (eg in databases). The key rules are:
access to personal data about other people should be on a "need to know" basis only; and
each Group business must implement the Rio Tinto Group Standard on Acceptable Use of Information and Electronic Resources and the Group Procedure on Information and Cyber Security (administered by Cyber Security in IS&T) to ensure that appropriate physical, technical and organisational security measures are in place at all stages of the personal data 'life cycle'.
Internal reporting of Data Privacy Incidents: Data Privacy Incidents are Group reportable incidents under the Investigations Procedure. Each Data Privacy Incident must be immediately reported to Ethics and Compliance.
Data Privacy Principle 7
We limit retention of personal data
Personal data must be kept only for as long as necessary for the lawful purpose for which it is processed (as notified to the relevant individuals), or for the time required or permitted under local laws (whichever is the shorter). After such time, records containing personal data must be securely destroyed (in the case of physical records) or permanently deleted (in the case of electronic records) in accordance with Rio Tinto's Records Retention Procedure or applicable local laws (whichever imposes the strictest obligations).
Data Privacy Principle 8
We respect data subject rights
Data subjects have the right to:
seek access to personal data that Rio Tinto holds about them;
seek correction of inaccurate, incomplete or out of date personal data;
seek erasure of their personal data;
be provided with information about how their personal data is processed;
ask for processing of their personal data to cease (particularly if the processing is likely to cause damage or distress, or if the processing is for direct marketing purposes);
be notified if the Group business has made a decision about the data subject that is based on automated data processing alone (so that the data subject can ask for a review of the decision, if necessary);
complain about the processing of their personal data; or
withdraw previously given consent regarding Rio Tinto's processing of their personal data
There are legal exceptions to the exercise of these rights, and Rio Tinto will review each request on a case by case basis, by reference to the laws of the country where the data subject is located.  Requests from data subjects to access their rights should be referred to the Data Privacy Lead for the relevant region.
Data Privacy Principle 9
We apply Privacy by Design
We must:
integrate data privacy compliance measures into our personal data processing activities; and
consider individual privacy rights from the outset of each new personal data processing activity.
We will undertake a Privacy Impact Assessment when we introduce a new personal data processing technology, or whenever new personal data processing or changes to existing personal data processing is likely to result in a risk to the rights of data subjects.
Data Privacy Principle 10
We don't spam
We must limit our use of personal data to send marketing communications. All marketing communications (however distributed) must:
clearly identify the relevant Group business or Group company as the sender, and how it can be contacted;
be sent with the consent of the recipient/data subject (which may be able to be implied from an existing business relationship or shareholding); and
contain an unsubscribe or opt out facility. Opt outs must be acted upon and records amended accordingly.
Glossary
Consent of a data subject means any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the data subject’s wishes.
Data Privacy Incident means a known or suspected breach of:
the data security obligations in Data Privacy Principle 6; or
any of the other Data Privacy Principles in this Data Privacy Standard.
Data Privacy Lead means a member of Ethics & Compliance who is the first point of contact for data privacy questions from a region, as listed on the data privacy page on Element (the Rio Tinto intranet). If you are outside Rio Tinto and cannot access Element, email AskE&I@riotinto.com if you wish to contact the Data Privacy Lead for your region.
Data Privacy Principles: the principles in the Data Privacy Standard that Rio Tinto Group companies and staff must apply when processing personal data.
Data subject: the individual to whom personal data relates.
Group business: includes all companies, product groups, business units, global functions and corporate offices in the Rio Tinto Group.
Legitimate business purpose: a purpose that is directed at Rio Tinto achieving its business objectives and that complies with all relevant laws and regulations.
Marketing communications: means communications and publications that have a purpose of marketing or promoting Rio Tinto or its products, but does not include communications from Rio Tinto to its employees that relate to the administration of the employment relationship.
Personal data: all information relating to any identifiable individual.
Privacy Impact Assessment means an assessment of the impact of proposed processing operations on the rights and freedoms of data subjects, and the protection of personal data.
Privacy Statement: a notice that needs to be provided to data subjects when we collect their personal data.
Processing: all actions taken in relation to personal data including collecting, using, disclosing, recording, organising, storing, transferring, amending, deleting, destroying, retrieving, accessing, hosting or otherwise handling .
Rio Tinto Data Transfer Deed: the deed executed between Rio Tinto Limited and Rio Tinto plc on 1 July 2009 (as amended from time to time) and to which Rio Tinto Group companies are bound under executed Deeds of Accession.
Rio Tinto Group: all the businesses which are wholly or majority owned or managed by Rio Tinto plc or Rio Tinto Limited (whether directly or indirectly).
Sensitive information: personal data (including information or an opinion) about an individual’s racial or ethnic origin, political opinions and memberships, religious or philosophical beliefs or associations, trade union membership, criminal record, health or the health services they have received or details of sexual life.
Appendix 1
Overview of personal data collections and processing
Rio Tinto collects and processes the following categories of personal data for a range of business purposes, including:
Managing human resources: Personal data about employees, prospective employees and contractors (HR Personal Data) is collected for human resources (HR) purposes, such as administering and managing employment contacts and contracts of engagement, for other legitimate business reasons relating to employment and to meet legal, regulatory and compliance obligations. The personal data that is processed  includes identity and contact information, data about employment history, training and qualifications, performance information and information needed to pay salaries and other benefits and to manage the employment or engagement process or for the purposes of recruitment;
Managing business relationships with customers, suppliers and other external parties such as public sector agencies (B2B Personal Data). Personal data about individuals within external organisations is collected for business purposes such as supplying goods to corporate customers or acquiring services from corporate suppliers, entering into and fulfilling contracts and for communications and external relations purposes. This is usually limited to 'business contact' information about contact people within companies and agencies, and information about interactions with Rio Tinto;
Managing shareholder relationships: Personal data from shareholders (Shareholder Personal Data) is collected for purposes related to their shareholding in Rio Tinto, including for the purposes of issuing or transacting in shares, paying dividends, regulatory reporting and shareholder communications. Shareholder Personal Data may include a shareholder's name, address, shareholding details, tax file number, and bank account details. Shareholder Personal Data is collected by Rio Tinto and our behalf by the external manager of our share register. From time to time this data may be provided to other external service providers for the purposes of paying distributions or mailing shareholder communications, or to the extent permitted by legislation to authorised securities brokers, persons inspecting the register, bidders for Rio Tinto's securities, or certain regulatory bodies including the Australian Taxation Office;
Safety, security and legal obligations: Personal data is collected from visitors to our sites (staff and non-staff) for safety and security purposes (HSES Personal Data). This can include information to verify identity and collection of images by closed circuit television (CCTV). Rio Tinto also collects personal data in the course of complying with its legal obligations (for example, to meet obligations under anti-money laundering legislation and whistleblowing legislation); and
Managing community relationships: Personal data is collected from members of communities where Rio Tinto conducts mining and other operations, for the purposes of engaging and interacting with those communities (Communities Personal Data). This will include names, contact details and information about the interactions of individual community members with Rio Tinto, where needed to respond to correspondence and to manage community relationships.
Rio Tinto collects personal data directly from data subjects wherever possible.
Rio Tinto does not sell and does not propose to sell personal data.
Unless described above (ie in relation to Shareholder Personal Data) or unless required by law or for the purposes of legal  proceedings, disclosures of personal data are generally limited to other members of the Rio Tinto Group (eg Rio Tinto shared services companies) or to external service providers that help Rio Tinto to conduct its business.  Sometimes this involves transfers across national borders - more information about international disclosures is contained in Appendix 2.
Personal data may be stored in Rio Tinto's local systems or databases, in the Rio Tinto Business Solution (a SAP system that is hosted in Australia), or on infrastructure owned and operated by external service providers engaged by Rio Tinto. Where external service providers are engaged to assist Rio Tinto to process personal data, Rio Tinto requires such service providers to comply with contractual privacy and data protection obligations and applicable data privacy laws. Disclosures within the Rio Tinto Group are governed by Rio Tinto’s internal Data Transfer Deed.  More information about personal data processing can also be located in Privacy Statements that Rio Tinto makes available when personal data is collected (see references in Appendix 3 below).
[Privacy Act 1988: Australian Privacy Principle 1.4(a) and (b) and (c); also California Consumer Privacy Act]
Appendix 2
International disclosures
An overview of Rio Tinto's global operations and the countries where it operates is on the Rio Tinto website.
This explains where each of the Rio Tinto product groups operates, on a "country by country" basis.
If you are employed or engaged by or have business dealings with a particular Rio Tinto product group, your personal data may be exchanged between Rio Tinto Group companies that are in the countries listed for that product group.
Also, your personal data may be processed by Rio Tinto "shared services companies and external service providers that provide services to the Rio Tinto Group in one or more of the following countries:
Rio Tinto companies performing “"shared services" are located in the following countries: Australia, Canada, India, Mongolia, Singapore, South Africa, the United Kingdom and the United States.
External service providers that assist the Rio Tinto Group to perform HR and other shared service functions, and which process personal data on behalf of one or more companies in the Rio Tinto Group are located in: Australia, Canada, India, Malaysia, the Philippines, Poland, the United Kingdom and the United States.
Shareholder personal data is processed in Australia and the United Kingdom by Rio Tinto and by the external manager of our share register.
[Privacy Act 1988: Australian Privacy Principle 1.4(f) and (g)]
Appendix 3
Data subject rights and complaints
a. General data subject rights
Please complete a Data subject request form if you wish to exercise your rights under Data Privacy Principle 8, including to:
seek access to personal data that Rio Tinto holds about you;
seek correction of inaccurate, incomplete or out of date personal data;
be provided with information about how your personal data is processed; or
seek deletion of personal data (where this right exists under your local laws);
request processing of your personal data to cease (eg if the processing is likely to cause; damage or distress, or if the processing is for direct marketing purposes); or
withdraw consent you have previously provided in relation to Rio Tinto's processing of your personal data.
Your request will be forwarded to the Data Privacy Lead for your region, who can also provide you with the Data subject request form. .Rio Tinto will aim to respond within a reasonable period after the request is made or from when information required to process the request is received (or otherwise as required under local laws).
As explained in Data Privacy Principle 8, there are legal exceptions to the exercise of the rights listed above, and Rio Tinto will review each request on a case by case basis, by reference to the laws of the country where the data subject is located.
b. Complaints
If you wish to make a complaint about the processing of your personal data or a complaint about Rio Tinto’s response to your request to exercise your data subject rights, you can do so by emailing AskE&I@riotinto.com or by reporting this as a Data Privacy Incident to Ethics & Compliance.
Data Privacy Leads are responsible for investigating and responding to complaints, unless the complaint is about the Data Privacy Lead's processing of personal data. In such circumstances, another person will be appointed to investigate and respond to the relevant complaint.
If you are not satisfied with how your complaint has been addressed, complaints may be made to, where available, the relevant data privacy regulator or data protection authority in your country. This will be explained in the response to your complaint or you can find out more information about how to complain to the data privacy regulator or data protection authority in your region from your Data Privacy Lead or by AskE&I@riotinto.com
[Privacy Act 1988: Australian Privacy Principle 1.4(d) and (e)]
c. Privacy Statements
A privacy statement will be provided at the time personal data is collected from you (in accordance with Data Privacy Principle 1).   In addition, copies of privacy statements can be accessed as follows:
if you are an employee, the Employee Privacy Statement can be accessed by contacting AskHR or by calling the number for your region listed or from the data privacy page on Element
if you are a Category 1, 2 or 3 Contractor, the Contractor Privacy Statement can be accessed below:
Contractor Privacy Statementpdf, 113.76 KB
if you work for a Rio Tinto Supplier, the Supplier Privacy Statement can be accessed below:
Supplier Privacy Statementpdf, 422.52 KB
if you work for a Rio Tinto Customer, the Customer Privacy Statement can be accessed from your employer or by emailing AskE&I@riotinto.com
if you provide your personal data to our Rio Tinto Group website (www.riotinto.com), or accept cookies, the Online Privacy Statement and Cookies Statement applies as your privacy statement
Otherwise please email AskE&I@riotinto.com for a privacy statement (or if you have any data privacy related questions or concerns).
Online Privacy & Cookies
This section of the Privacy Policy describes how Rio Tinto processes personal data and other data that is collected or obtained through this website.
Rio Tinto plc, a company registered in England, controls the personal data that is collected or obtained through this website.
Online Privacy Statement
How we process personal data provided or obtained through this website
With the exception of the use of cookies (explained below), Rio Tinto generally does not seek to collect personal data through this website.
However if you choose to provide personal data to Rio Tinto through this website (for example, by sending us an email), we will process that personal data to answer your query and if relevant, to manage our business relationship with you or your company. We won't process that personal data for other purposes except where required to meet our legal obligations or otherwise as authorised by law and notified to you.
Part 1 of this Privacy Policy contains the Rio Tinto Data Privacy Standard, which provides an overview of Rio Tinto’s approach to personal data processing. There is additional information in the appendices to the Data Privacy Standard, including information about disclosures, trans-border data transfers, the exercise of data subject rights and how to make complaints or obtain further information relating to Rio Tinto’s processing of your personal data.
If you choose to subscribe to our media releases or other communications, you can unsubscribe at any time (by following the instructions in the email or by contacting us at digital.comms@riotinto.com).
Cookie Privacy Statement
Information about our use of cookies
With your consent, our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive.
As some data privacy laws regulate IP addresses and other information collected through the use of cookies as personal data, Rio Tinto’s processing of such personal data needs to comply with its Data Privacy Standard (see Part 1 of this Privacy Policy), and also applicable data privacy laws.
We use the following cookies:
Performance/analytical cookies
They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.
You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them in the tables below:
First Party Cookies
Cookie category
Cookie name
Description
Duration
Strictly necessary cookies
Azure
ARRAAffinity
This cookie is essential for our site and enables us to load balance site traffic between web servers. The server connection is maintained and tracked for the duration of the session.
At end of session
ASP.NET_SessionId
General purpose platform session cookie, used by sites written with Miscrosoft .NET based technologies. Usually used to maintain an anonymised user session by the server.
Performance/analytical cookies
Sitecore Analytics
SC_ANALYTICS _GLOBAL_COOKIE
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
More information available.
10 years
Functional cookies
Site Selector
Sxa_site
These cookies are used to record which location and language the users has selected.
At end of session
Site_name#lang
Cookie policy
privacy-notification
This cookie is used for our cookie notification banner. The cookie banner will appear the first time you accept or reject the cookie policy as laid out in the privacy notification. This is how we collect and confirm your consent to the use of cookies. If you choose to clear your cookies prior to each visit to our website, you will see the cookie banner upon entry to the website on each visit.
1 year
Third Party Cookies
ShareThis
Cookie category
Cookie name
Description
Duration
Performance/analytical cookies
pxcelBcnLcy
Part of the ShareThis sharing button functionality. Unique identifiers given to each computer to allow traffic analysis to ShareThis
At end of session
pxcelPage _c010_B
Part of the ShareThis sharing button functionality. Unique identifiers given to each computer to allow traffic analysis to ShareThis
2 months
Performance/analytical cookies
__stid
ShareThis cookies to help to share site content on social media sites
Session
YouTube
Cookie category
Cookie name
Description
Duration
Functional cookies
Pref
This cookie stores your preferences and other information, in particular preferred language, how many search results you wish to be shown on your page, and whether or not you wish to have Google’s SafeSearch filter turned on.
8 months
VISITOR_INFO1 _LIVE
A cookie that YouTube sets that measures your bandwidth to determine whether you get the new player interface or the old.
179 days
GPS
Registers a unique ID on mobile devices to enable tracking based on geographical GPS location.
1 day
YSC
This cookie is set by the YouTube video service on pages with embedded YouTube videoyo
Session
Instagram
Cookie category
Cookie name
Description
Duration
Functional cookies
ig_did
This is an Instagram cookie that enables social media functionality within the site.
10 years
mid
This is an Instagram cookie that enables social media functionality within the site.
Session
rur
This is an Instagram cookie that enables social media functionality within the site.
Session
shbid
This is an Instagram cookie that enables social media functionality within the site.
5 days
shbts
This is an Instagram cookie that enables social media functionality within the site.
5 days
urlgen
This is an Instagram cookie that enables social media functionality within the site.
Session
csrftoken
This is an Instagram cookie that enables social media functionality within the site.
1 year
Investis
Investis cookies are set by Investis controlled domains and are included for completeness.
Cookie category
Cookie name
Description
Duration
Functional cookies
ASP.NET _SessionId
General purpose platform session cookie, used by sites written with Miscrosoft .NET based technologies. Usually used to maintain an anonymised user session by the server.
Session
AWSELB
This cookie is essential for enables Investis to load balance site traffic between web servers.
Session
AWSALB
This cookie is essential for enables Investis to load balance site traffic between web servers.
1 week
_ga
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use the Investis site.
2 years
Online security and transfers of personal data via this website
This website relies on a range of security measures to protect data that is exchanged through this site, including firewalls, intrusion detection systems and virus scanning tools. These are intended to protect against unauthorised persons and viruses from accessing the information that you provide to us, and we to you. However, please be aware that there are inherent risks in transmitting information by use of the Internet and other online or electronic transmission systems and that we cannot guarantee the security of information transmitted in this way.
As with personal data that we collect in other ways, personal data that is collected online through this website may be shared between companies in the Rio Tinto Group and with external service providers who assist us with our services and functions. Personal data that is collected through this website may be stored and processed in any country where Rio Tinto or its external service providers operate. More information about the countries where Rio Tinto operates, and the location of key external service providers (data processors) is in Appendix 2 of the Rio Tinto Data Privacy Standard (in Part 1 of this Privacy Policy and available under the Privacy Policy link).
This website may contain links to third party websites (ie. that are not provided by Rio Tinto). Before providing personal data to third party websites, we recommend you examine the privacy policies on those websites. Rio Tinto is not responsible for the privacy practices on third party websites. Please note that such third parties may also use cookies, over which we have no control, so we recommend you check their cookies policy also.
Confirm
Manage Cookie Preferences
Before continuing to use our site, we would like you to consider opting in to the use of cookies in line with our Data Privacy Policy. You may also choose which cookies you are happy for us to use or not agree to any cookies. Please follow the Cookies Preferences link to indicate your preference.
Manage Cookie Preferences
We Value Your Privacy
How we process personal data provided or obtained through this website.
With the exception of the use of cookies, Rio Tinto generally does not seek to collect personal data through this website.
However if you choose to provide personal data to Rio Tinto through this website (for example, by sending us an email), we will process that personal data to answer your query and if relevant, to manage our business relationship with you or your company. We won't process that personal data for other purposes except where required to meet our legal obligations or otherwise as authorised by law and notified to you.
If you choose to subscribe to our media releases or other communications, you can unsubscribe at any time (by following the instructions in the email or by contacting us).
Information About Our Use of Cookies
With your consent, our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive.
As some data privacy laws regulate IP addresses and other information collected through the use of cookies as personal data, Rio Tinto’s processing of such personal data needs to comply with its Data Privacy Standard (see Part 1 of our Privacy Policy), and also applicable data privacy laws.
Online Privacy Statement
How we process personal data provided or obtained through this website
With the exception of the use of cookies (explained below), Rio Tinto generally does not seek to collect personal data through this website.
However if you choose to provide personal data to Rio Tinto through this website (for example, by sending us an email), we will process that personal data to answer your query and if relevant, to manage our business relationship with you or your company. We won't process that personal data for other purposes except where required to meet our legal obligations or otherwise as authorised by law and notified to you.
Part 1 of this Privacy Policy contains the Rio Tinto Data Privacy Standard, which provides an overview of Rio Tinto’s approach to personal data processing. There is additional information in the appendices to the Data Privacy Standard, including information about disclosures, trans-border data transfers, the exercise of data subject rights and how to make complaints or obtain further information relating to Rio Tinto’s processing of your personal data.
If you choose to subscribe to our media releases or other communications, you can unsubscribe at any time (by following the instructions in the email or by contacting us at digital.comms@riotinto.com).
Cookie Privacy Statement
Information about our use of cookies
With your consent, our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive.
As some data privacy laws regulate IP addresses and other information collected through the use of cookies as personal data, Rio Tinto’s processing of such personal data needs to comply with its Data Privacy Standard (see Part 1 of this Privacy Policy), and also applicable data privacy laws.
We use the following cookies:
Functional Cookies
These Cookies are used to provide a better user experience on the site, such as by measuring interactions with particular content or remembering your settings such as language or video playback preferences.
Performance Cookies
These Cookies allow us to analyse site usage in order to evaluate and improve its performance. They help us know how often you come to our site and when, how long you stay and any performance issues you experience whilst you are on our site.
Advertising Cookies
These Cookies are used by advertising companies to inform and serve personalised ads to your devices based on your interests. These Cookies also facilitate sharing information with social networks or recording your interactions with particular ads.
Save Changes