http://www.lbps.net/j3site/index.php/943-privacy
The Lowland and Border Pipers' Society Home Page | LBPS
The Lowland and Border Pipers' Society
Menu
HomeNewsResourcesShopAbout the LBPSsearchLog In/Out
Log In/Out
HomeNewsResourcesShopAbout the LBPSsearchLog In/Out
Welcome to the home on the web for all things related to Scottish and Border bellows piping
Data Privacy Policy: As you will probably be aware, new regulations provide you with greater control over the data you provide us, and we have obligations to keep you informed about how we handle this data; You can read a summary of our data protection policy by clicking HERE.
News
All the latest in events, updates and content
Membership
Join Us, Log-in,
Access members' pages
Shop
THE SHOP IS NOW OPEN
Books and CD's of Lowland and Border Piping
About the LBPS
Contact Us About the LBPS
About Lowland and Border Piping
Project Funding Grants
Common Stock
The Society's Journal
Archive IssuesFull Article Index
Events, Reports and Reviews
Reports of events, Results of
Competitions and soundfiles
Reviews of books and recordings
History
Articles on Lowland piping history
Repertoire
Music from the Lowland and Border repertoireIndex to published tunes
Videos/ Audio/ Galleries
Videos, sound files and images of Lowland and Border Pipes and Piping
Tuition & Technique
The More Power to Your Elbow videos
Tuition Classes
Technique and learning aids
Pipes for Sale / Hire
Details of smallpipes
hire
Pipes For Sale
List of pipemakers
Pipe Making &
Care
Articles on Bellows-Pipe Maintenance
Articles on Pipemakers and pipemaking
DATA PROTECTION POLICY
The LBPS works under a constitution which forms the basis of all our activity so when you become a member you enter into a contract with the Society, whereby you agree to abide by the constitution and, for an annual fee, we provide a range of goods and services in return.
These include
2 issues of Common Stock (in June and December) each year either by post or in electronic format
Irregular newsletters by email
Discounted prices for merchandise
Invitations to events and sometimes discounted entry fees
Opportunities to play together and learn bellows bagpipes
This contract is the lawful basis on which we collect, store and process your personal details.
What information do you hold about me as a member?
We collect the minimum amount of personal information required to carry out the above tasks (name, address, phone and email) but you also have the option to provide other information (pipes played, groups you are in, website details etc) to enhance your profile – providing this extra information is entirely voluntary.
If you are also a customer of the shop, you have the facility to pay online for goods and services. Again we collect the minimum data required to be able to process and send your order and to contact you in the event of an issue. We do not gain access to your bank details.
Where is my data held?
Your data is held securely on a password protected database which sits within the website. Our new website has modern security protocols installed.  You can only access your own profile.  Our webmaster and web administrators have access to all areas of the site and can access/update your details – in order to maintain maximum security, this is currently restricted to a group of 4 people who are all Society committee members.
What do you do with my details?
The main processing which takes place is when
subscription reminders are sent out (this is an automated task based on the anniversary of your joining date)
newsletters are sent by email (this is also an automated task where no-one actually downloads anything)
Common Stock magazine is sent out. This task is fulfilled by a third party called Martins the Printers to whom we send the mailing data.  We have checked that they are also GDPR compliant and have taken steps to ensure that your details are kept secure. They do not store your data in any format after the magazine has been sent.
Different details are kept if you win a trophy at the competition, or if you sign up to hire pipes in order that we can contact you about these specific topics. These are clearly explained at the time.
How long do you keep my data for? We retain your data for as long s your subscription is active, and for a further 12 months to enable you to renew later; After that time, if you have not renewed your data is deleted.
What rights do I have?
Under the General Data Protection Regulations you have certain rights:
The right to be informed – this is done through an updated privacy statement which appears on the website. We realise that many folk have been members for a long time (possibly since before there was a website(!) and may not be aware of how we treat your personal information so we advise you to go to www.lbps.net and check.
The right of access – this is already in place:  you can log into your account through the website and see the information we hold about you on your profile.  If you are unable to do this, you can request the Society sends you a note of the details we hold. We have to respond within 31 days.
The right to rectification – you can correct your own details (for example if you move house or change email address) by logging into your account and updating the information there. Indeed as a voluntary organisation, the Society relies on your doing this in order to keep receiving newsletters and Common Stock, however you can request that we do this for you and we must act within 31 days.
The right to erasure (right to be forgotten) – if you no longer wish to be a member of the LBPS you can remove your own details but it is better that you email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. to make sure we know about it. We have to act to remove your details within 31 days. You are responsible for cancelling any payment arrangements you may have made.
The right to restrict processing – we hold your contact details in order to provide you with the benefits of membership. If we are not able to process your details (for example to print your address onto a label),  then effectively you are terminating communications from the Society.
The right to data portability – you can request that your details are transferred to another organisation free and in a common file format.
The right to object to processing.
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling.  The LBPS does not do any profiling or automated decision making at present.
What happens in the event of a data breach?
A data breach occurs if member/members’ personal data is made public without your consent either by accident or by a malicious act.  We must alert you if we believe this has happened as soon as possible.  In the first instance the Secretary and Webmaster will collaborate to assess the extent and nature of the breach and will make contact accordingly.
If you have any questions about any of this, then please email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. for more information.
Remember Me
Log in
Forgot Login?
Sign up
Contact WebmasterContact the LBPSSite mapA guide to using this site
LBPS on Facebook
Privacy PolicyTerms of Service
© 2020
the lowland and border pipers' society
close
Username
Password
Remember Me
Log in
Forgot Login?
Sign up