http://www.turinbrakes.com/about/turin-brakes-website-privacy-policy
Skip to main content
You are herehome » about
Turin Brakes Website Privacy Policy
Last updated: 25 May 2018
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of http://www.turinbrakes.com (the "Site").
We use your Personal Information only for providing information and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection And Use
While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your email address and name ("Personal Information").
Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site. This data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of the Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics to collect, monitor and analyze this.
What Information We Collect
We collect two types of information about you: Personally Identifiable Information and Non-personally Identifiable Information.
"Personally Identifiable Information" is information that lets us know who you are, specifically. Information in this category includes the information you give us when using our newsletter and contact forms like your name and email address.
"Non-personally Identifiable Information" is information that doesn't let us determine your identity. This generally comes from your use of the Site. For instance, our web server logs may show us that someone with a certain IP address visited the Site using a certain web browser, but we can't use that information alone to say whether the visitor was you or someone else. Non-personally Identifiable Information also includes information that could personally identify you in its original form, but that we have modified to remove or hide (for instance, by aggregation) any Personally Identifiable Information. This collection of information occurs automatically when you use the Site.
Each time you visit the Site or read our marketing email, we may automatically collect information about you via cookies and other similar technologies.
We partner with a third party to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use cookies or similar technologies in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive.
Like many sites, we use "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.
How We Use Your Information
We use the information we collect about you to provide Information to you. As part of that purpose, we may use your Personally Identifiable Information and Non-personally Identifiable Information:
to respond to any requests you may submit for support, contact, or similar communications
to communicate with you (for example through newsletters, marketing emails, announcements or special offers)
to measure interest in the Site and our advertising campaigns
We may use your Non-personally Identifiable Information to enhance the Site, for instance, through web analytics or troubleshooting. We may also use aggregated or depersonalized information to measure the Site's reach and usage statistics.
We may also use your information in the ways described above through a third-party contractor rather than in-house. If we do, we'll require our contractors to protect your data on terms at least as strict as those in this Policy.
Third Parties
Except for the limited circumstances described in this Policy, we do not provide your information to third parties. When we need to provide your Personally Identifiable Information to third parties, we will only share it to the extent reasonably necessary. We may also share your Personally Identifiable Information as required or permitted by law and as described below.
We host the Site using third parties (the "Hosting Providers"). The Hosting Providers will host your Platform from its data centers.
We may use third-party services either embedded into our Site (such as and Google® Analytics) or outside of it (such as MailGun® and Twitter®) to communicate with you or to enhance the function of the Site.
While we provide these third parties with no more information than is necessary to enable these third-parties to provide the services to us, any information that you provide these services independently is subject to their respective privacy policies and practices.
In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
We may be required by law or court order to provide Personally Identifiable Information or Non-personally Identifiable Information to government authorities or private parties. We fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use the Site for illegal activities, and we may report to law enforcement any activities that we believe in good faith are unlawful. We may need to release the information we collect to third parties when we believe it is appropriate to comply with the law, to enforce our legal rights, to protect the rights, safety or property of our business and others, or to assist with industry efforts to control fraud, spam or other undesirable conduct.
Your Choices
You may opt out from any future communications from us by emailing us at info@turinbrakes.com. We will honor your opt-out within 10 days.
An individual who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data should also direct their query to info@turinbrakes.com. If requested to remove data we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once it is received. If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at info@turinbrakes.com.
Remember, though, that some parts of the Site are public and if you voluntarily provide Personally Identifiable Information to a public area of the Site, unrelated parties online will be able to view it and collect it. If you don't want to make this information publicly available, you shouldn't post it.
Modification
We may need to modify this Policy to address new issues or changes to our policies. We will post changes here, so you should check this page regularly. If we make significant changes to this Policy, we may notify you in other ways (for instance, by email or with a banner on the Site) prior to the change becoming effective.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of 25 May 2018 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Site after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.