http://www.msorchestra.com/index.php/legal/privacy-policy/
Home
Concerts & Tickets
Season at a Glance
Season Subscriptions
Box Office Information
Directions and Parking
MSO Across Mississippi
Conductors & Musicians
Conductor
Musicians
About the Symphony
Overview
History
Staff
Board, Trustees and Foundation
Support the Symphony
Overview
Individual Giving
Corporate Giving and Partnerships
Advertise in the Concert Program Books
News
Beyond the Baton
Community & Education
Overview
Programs
Calendar
MSO Across Mississippi
Jackson Symphony Leagueand Sub Debs
History
Executive Board
Events
Newsletters
How to Join
MS Youth Symphony Orchestra
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact
Address and Contact Information
Employment Opportunities and Auditions
This project is supported in part by funding from the Mississippi Arts Commission, a state agency, and in part, from the National Endowment for the Arts, a federal agency.
Sponsoring MSO’s education initiatives.
Helping to bring MSO to communities statewide.
See a list of all our wonderful corporate sponsors
Privacy Policy
The Mississippi Symphony Orchestra has adopted this Privacy Policy to inform users of the ways the Internet website msorchestra.com collects, stores, and uses personal information submitted via the website.
1. Collection of Information
Certain applications on the Mississippi Symphony Orchestra website may require users to register or provide personal information in order to make a commercial transaction, or subscribe to a newsletter. Such personal information is not shared or sold to third parties. To better understand the needs of our website users, we may also request demographic information. Entry of such information is optional and if you choose not to enter such information, you may successfully use these applications. If we request demographic information, we will not share information about you as an individual with any other entity. If we do share demographic information with third parties, we will give them aggregate information only.
2. Mailing Lists
If you provide your e-mail address, the Mississippi Symphony Orchestra may periodically contact you with special offers, updated information, and new services. Any e-mails sent to you by the Mississippi Symphony Orchestra will offer you the option to be removed from the e-mail distribution list.
Selected applications on our website allow users to subscribe to our newsletter by providing their names and addresses to the Mississippi Symphony Orchestra. If you provide the Mississippi Symphony Orchestra with your mailing address or telephone number, the Mississippi Symphony Orchestra, in addition to providing you with the Mississippi Symphony Orchestra newsletter, may also use this information to alert you to updated information and new services. If you wish to be removed from the mailing list, you may do so by contacting the Mississippi Symphony Orchestra directly (see the 'Contact Us' section below).
3. Information to Third Parties
The Mississippi Symphony Orchestra may occasionally present a special contest or promotion on msorchestra.com that is sponsored by another company. To qualify for entry, we may ask you to provide personal information. If we plan to share that information with the sponsor(s), we will provide a statement to that effect.
4. Financial Information
The Mississippi Symphony Orchestra will protect any personal financial information that you share with us. If you make a purchase on msorchestra.com, we will use your credit card number only to process your payment and will not use it for marketing purposes. For reasons of security, credit card information is not stored on our web server. We will retain order information for our records, but this information is never shared with third parties.
5. Links
Our website includes links to other websites. We do not control the privacy policies of the destination websites. Once you leave our server (you may check where you are by looking for the URL in the location bar of your browser), use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the website you are visiting. That policy may differ from ours. If you cannot find the privacy policy of any of these websites via link from the website homepage, you should contact the manager of that website for more information. The Mississippi Symphony Orchestra is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of websites other than msorchestra.com.
6. Children
We do not solicit personal information from children. Websites specifically geared toward children will not request any personal or contact information.
7. Contact Us/How to Update Your Personal Information
You may help the Mississippi Symphony Orchestra maintain the accuracy of your personal information by notifying us when you change your address, title, phone number and/or e-mail address. Contact us via the information on the msorchestra.com Contact Us page if you wish to update your information or no longer wish to receive communications from the Mississippi Symphony Orchestra, our partners, or selected third parties. Please include both your old and new contact information so that we may make the appropriate corrections. The Mississippi Symphony Orchestra would like to receive your comments or questions about this privacy policy. Please address comments or questions regarding the Mississippi Symphony Orchestra's privacy practices to us by using information on the Contact Us page. The Mississippi Symphony Orchestra may occasionally update this policy. Notice of revisions will be posted here.
Buy Tickets or Donate Now
Support the Symphony
Sign Up for Email News
Join MSO on Facebook
Mississippi Symphony Orchestra
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
Concert Calendar
<<
December 2020
>>
S
M
T
W
T
F
S
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
View all concerts »
Upcoming Performances
Check back for the new season schedule!
Copyright 2008–2020 Mississippi Symphony Orchestra
Privacy Policy · Disclaimer · Terms of Use
Office: 201 E. Pascagoula Street · Jackson, MS 39201
Mail: P.O. Box 2052 · Jackson, MS 39225-2052
Phone: 601.960.1565 · Fax: 601.964.1564