https://www.proudphotography.com/privacy-policy/
0All Courses
Digital Photography Fundamentals
Aurora HDR 2017
Photoshop for Photographers
Expert Wedding Photographer
Studio Portrait Lighting
About
Who We Are
What You Get
FAQ
Guarantee
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Blog
Forums
Affiliate Program
Pricing
Pricing
Gift Vouchers
Specials
Contact
HomePrivacy Policy Privacy Policy
Collection of informationWe hate spam and fraud even more than you do. We absolutely respect your privacy and only collect personal information submitted voluntarily by yourself, like names, postal address, emails,etc. This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our mailing lists.Cookies and trackingProud Photography may use cookie and tracking technology. It is useful for gathering information like your browser type, operation system, for tracking number of visitors to ProudPhotography.com and understanding how you - visitors, use the site. Cookies can also help customize the site for visitors. Rest assured, that personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties like Google. This technology enables Proud Photography to serve relevant ads to people who previously visited our website using third party vendors, including Google. You can opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting the Ads Preferences Manager. Alternatively, you can opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page. This, however, means that you'll probably see advertising that's less relevant across the Google Display Network.Distribution of InformationWe may share information with government agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud investigation or prevention. We may do so when: 1) required by law; or 2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, 3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.Commitment to Data SecurityYour personally identifiable information is kept absolutely secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings.If you have any questions, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us 24/7.
Courses
Aurora HDR 2017
(  REVIEWS ) 22From: $19.00
/ month for 6 monthsPhotoshop for Photographers
4.8( 4 REVIEWS ) 1460From: $15.00
/ month for 12 monthsExpert Wedding Photographer
5( 3 REVIEWS ) 1154From: $23.00
/ month for 12 monthsStudio Portrait Lighting
5( 4 REVIEWS ) 787From: $23.00
/ month for 12 monthsDigital Photography Fundamentals
4.9( 18 REVIEWS ) 3930From: $15.00
/ month for 12 months
© All Rights Reserved.