http://www.ordway.org/privacy-policy
Find out how we're responding to COVID-19.
More info
Ordway Privacy Policy Understand the information our website gathers, and how it is used
This site is owned and operated by the Ordway Center for the Performing Arts (“ORDWAY”).Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us. At ORDWAY, we want to make your experience online satisfying and safe. Because we gather certain types of information about our users, we feel you should fully understand our policy and the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. Rest assured that the information you provide is safeguarded.This privacy policy only applies to the ORDWAY.org website and not to any other website.  This privacy statement discloses what information we gather and how we use it. By using the ORDWAY.org website, you agree to the terms and conditions in this privacy policy.
What information the Ordway gathers and tracksWe gather two types of information about users:1. Information that users provide through optional, voluntary submissions. We collect this information to customize our features for individual visitors and to notify visitors about updates to our site and the ORDWAY shows/productions.2. Information ORDWAY gathers through aggregated tracking: when you access the internet your computer is automatically assigned an IP address which is used by other computers and servers to communicate with you over the internet. We collect and log the IP address of all visitors to the ORDWAY.org website in order to determine which areas of our site users like and don’t like based on traffic to those areas. We do not track what individual users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. We collect this information in order to determine how to create the best experience for our visitors. To maintain your anonymity we will not associate your IP address with records containing the personal information you submit unless it is necessary to do so to enforce our legal rights or if required to do so by law enforcement authorities. We may track search terms entered in our Search function as one of many measures of what interests our users, but this tracking is never associated with an individual user.
Use of personal informationORDWAY strictly protects the security of your personal information and honors your choices for its intended use. We disclose your information to no third parties unless it is specifically stated otherwise. We may use third party contractors to help us operate our business and the sites or administer activities on our behalf, and may share your personal information with these contractors for those limited purposes. We use your information solely to fulfill ORDWAY services and help us improve our website and offerings to you. Notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary, ORDWAY reserves the right to cooperate with local, state, and federal officials in any investigation relating to any purported illegal activity(ies) and, when required by law, regulation, legal process or government requests, to disclose any personal information furnished by you or collected by ORDWAY to law enforcement authorities. Your information may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which ORDWAY contract vendors may process and store data.  By using this site, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of the United States. ORDWAY requires its vendors to maintain the confidentiality and security of your information.   [embedded-entry-block: unknown][embedded-entry-block: unknown][embedded-entry-block: unknown][embedded-entry-block: unknown]ORDWAY approaches Internet communications with a strong commitment to individual privacy rights and concerns. As the Internet evolves, our policy will continue to change and develop. We therefore reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time with or without prior notice. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of the sites following any changes to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such changes.
If you have questions about the privacy policy or your experience with our site,
please contact us at weborders@ordway.org.
Email weborders@ordway.org