https://www.norwichprintfair.co.uk/privacy-and-cookies/
The Norwich Print Fair
Menu
Submissions
Printmakers
Exhibitors 2021
Techniques
Visitor information
Privacy & Cookies
Priviacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how personal information is collected, used, and shared when you register via our website for a private view invite or leave your details on our contact form or while visiting The Norwich Print Fair.
Personal information we collect
If you complete a Register form or Contact form via our website, or leave your details with us via our mailing list book at the Norwich Print Fair, we will keep your information. When you make a purchase at The Norwich Print Fair in some cases we also keep your information, including your name, address, email address, and phone number. You can unsubscribe at any time by contacting us.
How do we use your personal information?
If you have requested to be on our mailing list we use your information to email you a Private View Invite before the show in September and also occasionally contact you with other Print Fair shows and activities.
We use the information that we collect from sales at the fair for processing your payment information, and as a record of sales.
Sharing your personal information
We do not share info with any 3rd parties and is just for our own marketing use which generally is a few times a year to keep you informed.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
Your rights
If you are a European resident, under GDPR Legislation you have the right to access personal information W hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact form.
Data retention
We will maintain your email and contact details for my records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
Changes
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
What information do we collect?
Like many websites, we use “cookies” to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our website. Please refer to the “Do we use ‘cookies’?” section below for information about cookies and how we use them.
How do we protect visitor information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
Do we use “cookies”?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won’t have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.
Third party links
In an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).
Changes to our policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on August 31st 2017.
Questions and feedback
We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions or feedback, please contact us at info@norwichprintfair.co.uk
Your consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.