https://www.festivalattheedge.org/about/privacy-policy/
Our privacy policykeeping your information safe…
Festival at the Edge takes your data privacy very seriously. We never share your information with anyone, without your consent.
This policy outlines how we collect, use and store your data.
What we collect
We may keep, for example, your email address, mailing address or telephone number that is provided by you through means including email, verbal and written contact, by sign up to our mailing list, buying a ticket or providing your information through our feedback survey. By providing this information to us, you consent to us holding this information in relation to the purposes it was provided for.
What we do with your information
We may use your information to contact you about Festival at the Edge, ticket information, or storytelling news that may interest you either by direct mail or by email.
Disclosure of personal information
We will never sell, share or disclose your information to a third party without your written consent.
Data security
We take all reasonable steps to protect the data we hold from misuse, loss or unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information. This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity.
IP addresses
We use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard web server logs which show your unique IP address. This identifies what you have looked at; whether the page request was successful or not; and which browser you used to view the pages. It does not identify any personal detail. This data is only used for statistical purposes to inform us about the usage of the site and how many hits we receive.
How to unsubscribe from our email list
To unsubscribe, please follow the link on the bottom of every e-shot, or you can contact us at info@festivalattheedge.org
To update or remove your data
If you would like to update your personal information or have it removed from our database, please email us at info@festivalattheedge.org or write to us at: Festival at the Edge, 39 Fawdry Street, Whitmore Reans, Wolverhampton, West Midlands WV1 4PA.
We may update our privacy policy at any time, but our up to date policy will always be displayed here.
Story, Music and Dance
Children’s Entertainment
Food and Drink
Commission
Workshops
Stunning Cleobury Mortimer
Accommodation
Shared Transport
Festival Etiquette
Stewards Application
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
FESTIVAL AT THE EDGE 2021 - 16th-18th July 2021
Hopton Court, Cleobury Mortimer - Buy tickets online
Our website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience. Find out more.Got it!Scroll to top