https://www.nrm.org/privacypolicy/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyRich Bradway2018-06-20T10:10:40-04:00
PRIVACY POLICYThe Norman Rockwell Museum is committed to protecting your privacy when you visit our websites, participate in our online activities, shop at our store online, or use the website to purchase a Norman Rockwell Museum membership or make a donation. This Statement of Privacy governs data collection and usage. By using the Norman Rockwell Museum websites (NRM.org; collection.NRM.org, learning.NRM.org, IllustrationHistory.org; Rockwell-Center.org; RockwellFourFreedoms.org collectively the “Sites”), you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of Information
Certain applications on the Sites may require users to register or to provide personal information in order to make a commerce transaction, or to subscribe to a newsletter. To better understand the needs of our Website users, we may also request demographic information. Entry of such demographic information is optional and if you choose not to enter such information, you can still make a purchase from our online store or subscribe to a newsletter. If we request demographic information, we will not share information about you as an individual with any other entity. If we do share demographic information with third parties, we will give them aggregate information only.Norman Rockwell Museum automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including IP address, cookie and pixel information, and the page you request in order to better serve our visitors to the Sites. You may choose to set your browser so that it does not accept cookies. Most areas of the Sites will function without cookies, but cookies are required if you wish to register, sign in, place items in your shopping bag, or purchase items from the website. For an optimal experience with the Sites, we recommend that you allow cookies.
Mailing Lists
If you provide your e-mail address, the Norman Rockwell Museum may periodically contact you with special offers, updated information, and new services. Any e-mails sent to you by the Norman Rockwell Museum will offer you the option to be removed from the e-mail mailing list. Selected applications on our web site allow visitors to subscribe to our newsletter by providing their names and addresses to the Norman Rockwell Museum. If you provide the Norman Rockwell Museum with your mailing address or telephone number, the Norman Rockwell Museum, in addition to providing you with the Norman Rockwell Museum newsletter, may also use this information to alert you to updated information and new offerings. If you wish to be removed from the mailing list, you may do so by contacting the Norman Rockwell Museum directly. (See the ‘Contact Us’ section below).
Information to third parties
Norman Rockwell Museum does not sell, rent or lease its Site visitor lists to third parties. The Norman Rockwell Museum may occasionally present a special contest or promotion on NRM.org that is sponsored by another company. To qualify for entry, we may ask you to provide personal information. If we plan to share that information with the sponsor(s), we will provide a statement to that effect. Norman Rockwell Museum will disclose your personal information, without your consent, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Norman Rockwell Museum or the Site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Norman Rockwell Museum; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Norman Rockwell Museum, or the public.Norman Rockwell Museum may also work with third-party analytics and marketing partners who use technologies such as cookies and pixels on the Museum’s behalf. These providers help us manage our websites, process online and offline transactions, better respond to the needs of our visitors, and enhance our communication/marketing efforts. This may include third-party analytics vendors such as Google analytics and other marketing partners who serve advertisement across the internet, offline, and sometimes on the Sites on the Museum’s behalf. They may use information about your visits to the Sites and other sites to personalize advertisements for goods and services. Please click here for more information about how data is collected and processed in connection with Google Analytics service. We and our third-party vendors or partners use analytics data for a variety of purposes such as to improve the design and content of our Sites, to help us learn things like what pages are most attractive to all of our visitors, and what promotions visitors like to see, and to gauge the success of our communications/marketing campaigns.
Security of Personal Information
The Norman Rockwell Museum will protect any personal information that you share with us. If you make a purchase on NRM.org, we will use your credit card number only to process your payment. Credit card information is not stored on our server. When personal information (such as credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. We will retain order information for our records, but this information is never shared with third parties.
Links
Our site includes links to other websites. We do not control the privacy policies of the destination sites. Once you leave our servers (you can check where you are by checking the URL in the location bar on your browser), use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting. That policy may differ from ours. If you can’t find the privacy policy of any of these sites via a link from the site’s homepage, you should contact the manager of that site for more information. Norman Rockwell Museum is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of Websites other than NRM.org; collection.NRM.org, learning.NRM.org, IllustrationHistory.org; Rockwell-Center.org; and RockwellFourFreedoms.org.
Email Communications Not Confidential
If you email the Norman Rockwell Museum, any message, business information, ideas, concepts, or other information sent to the Museum by email will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary.
Children
We do not intentionally solicit personal information from children. Sites specifically geared toward children will not knowingly request any personal or contact information.
Contact Us/How to update your personal information
You can help Norman Rockwell Museum maintain the accuracy of your personal information by notifying us when you change your address, title, phone number, or e-mail address. Contact us via the information on the NRM.org Contacts page if you wish to update your information or if you no longer wish to receive communications from Norman Rockwell Museum, our partners, or selected third parties. You can also write to us at the address provided at the top of this page. Please include both your old and new contact information so that we can make the appropriate corrections. NRM would like to receive your comments or questions about this privacy policy. Please address comments or questions regarding Norman Rockwell Museum’s privacy practices to us at the address listed above. The Norman Rockwell Museum may occasionally update this policy. Notice of revisions will be posted here.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Norman Rockwell Museum may revise this policy at any time. Check here often for updates.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Please note:
This page is best viewed on a desktop or laptop computer.
×
Go to Top