http://www.otakon.com/exhibits/gaming-indie-row/policies/
August 6-8, 2021
Walter E. Washington Convention Center, Washington, DC
Register
Member Login
Username
Password
Log In
or
Sign Up
Forgot your password?
Login with
Policies
Tables, Booths, and Displays
Booth Layout:
All booth spaces are divided by 3' tall pipe and drape barriers. If for any reason 2 or more developers would like to share their space the barrier can be removed on request by both parties.
Number of Tables:
All space types come with ONE TABLE, of dimensions 6 feet long by 2 feet wide and 2 feet 5 inches tall. These dimensions are subject to change depending on what is supplied by the decorator.
Due to layout restrictions if another size table must be used it will first be offered on a first-come, first-served basis. They are at no time available for request, and will be offered at random if available.
Chairs:
Four (4) chairs are provided with each table unless additional badges are purchased.  The number of chairs will equal the amount of total badges allotted to the table (space permitting).
Electricity / WIFI:
Electricity is supplied by the convention center and is included with the purchase for your booth.  You are expected to bring your own extension cables and power cords for the electrical drop allotted to your booth. Otakon is not responsible for damage to equipment due to electrical issues.
For WIFI connectivity, you can use the convention’s public WIFI connection.
Booth Signage:
All table signage should match the information that you registered with. Ex: If you put down on your application that you are "Company A" but all your signs say that you are "Company B" this will be seen as a table transfer. Signage that does not match your registration must be removed.
You may change the Company Name we have on file ONCE. To do so you must contact us at least 30 days before the Thursday of the convention. A change is only allowed for Company Name, no other information on the application may be changed at any time. Any attempts to exploit this as a booth transfer will result in a non-refundable eviction from the Gaming Hall.
The ONLY EXCEPTION is a LEGAL NAME CHANGE, for example if you are recently married. Please provide any relevant paperwork showing both the original registered name and the new legal name.
Due to the sensitive circumstances names are sometimes changed under any request for name adjustments will be kept confidential within the Exhibitions Department.
Structures:
Any structure brought to display must be of sound construction and may not extend more than 5 feet above the table or a total of 8 feet from the floor, whichever is less.
If any structure falls down, appears unstable, or extends above the height limit, the developer to whom it belongs will be asked to remove it by the Gaming Hall staff.
In addition, all displays must reside within the confines of your area.
District of Columbia Sales Tax Information
District of Columbia Law requires that all vendors and exhibitores charge 6% District of Columbia sales tax separate from the amount of the sale. For more information please read the following pdf.
FR-379 Sales and Use Taxes
All vendors or exhibitors at Otakon are required to register and receive a Sales and Use Tax Certificate from the DC Office of Tax and Revenue (OTR) before Otakon. Registration can be done through their website MyTaxDC.gov. On completion you will be mailed a certificate that you must print out and display at Otakon.  Vendors/Exhibitors with current District of Columbia Tax IDs may use their current numbers. There is no fee associated with this application.
Otakon is also required to provide the DC OTR's Collection Divison with a list of all vendors and exhibitors along with their addresses, federal employer identification numbers, Social Security numbers, or Individual Taxpayer Identification Numbers, representatives’ names, and telephone numbers. This is separate from each vendor's individual registration with the DC OTR.
Collected sales taxes are due to the DC OTR by the 20th day of the month following Otakon.
If you have any questions about the District of Columbia's special events tax filing requirements, please contact:
Revenue Officers:
Patricia Richey at: (202) 442-6824 or Vincent Flythe at: (202) 442-6868
Monday through Friday, between the hours of 8:15 am and 4:30 pm.
You may also visit the Office of Tax and Revenue Customer Service Center at:
1101 4th Street, SW
Suite W270
Washington, DC 20024
Conduct
While in the Gaming Hall, all convention, local, state, and federal rules, policies and laws apply. Convention rules can be found online on the Otakon website and in your program book.
Badges:
Otakorp, Inc. badges must be worn at all times.  People observed behind tables within a badge are subject to removal from the convention without a refund.
Substance Use:
Smoking, including vapes or electronic cigarettes, or use of alcohol or drugs while in the Gaming Hall will not be tolerated. Violations will result in removal from the Gaming Hall and convention with no refund.
Behavior:
Please refrain from running, screaming, yelling, horseplay, or obscene language; all artists are expected to be courteous and polite to one another, the staff, and other convention attendees.
Noise:
It is understood that sound for games are important, but overly loud music, videos, etc. will not be tolerated in the Gaming Hall. If the amount of sound coming from a booth is found to be disruptive as determined by the Gaming Hall staff, the developer will be asked to lower the volume. Further noise violations can result in the developer being removed from the Gaming Hall.
Photography/Video:
Photography and video recordings are permitted within the Gaming Hall, provided that the person being recorded has given permission. Similarly, pictures or videos of art are allowed only with permission of the developer.
Signs:
Developers are requested not to move or tamper with Otakon signage without staff permission.
Recording Devices:
Permission to video record your space, whether for personal or security usage will be given on a case by case basis. If you are interested in recording your space you must do the following:
Email a formal request to Gaming Hall (nvale@otakorp.org) explaining your intention for the footage you plan to take.
If approved post signage in clear view of the crowd with the following text: "WARNING Audio and Video Recording In Progress"
If you plan to publicly release the footage you must have documented approval of those within the video to have their images shown, or their faces must be blurred.
Rules Violations and Penalties
Most issues within the Gaming Hall are handled with a warning, but sometimes larger actions must be taken. Here is a general guideline for the consequences for the majority of offenses that may happen within the room.
FIRST OFFENSE - Verbal Warning:
The Gaming Hall Department Head will speak with you detailing any major concerns with regards to your booth or conduct. You will be given examples, conditions and a time frame with which you must comply. This may be, but is not limited to, removing all offending material from sight and not displaying it again for the rest of the convention. A note of this warning will be made for reference at any other time in the weekend.
SECOND OFFENSE - Written Warning:
The Gaming Hall Department Head will speak with you and present you with a written warning detailing any major concerns with regards to your booth or conduct. You will be given examples, conditions and a time frame with which you must comply. This may be, but is not limited to, removing all offending material from sight and not displaying it again for the rest of the convention.
THIRD OFFENSE - Eviction from Gaming Hall
If you have already been given a written warning and have not complied in the time frame given, put any offending material back on display, or broken another rule, you may be evicted from the Gaming Hall without refund.
FINAL OFFENSE - 1 Year Ban:
If after being evicted from the room you are found trying to convince, or have convinced, another developer (whether knowingly or not) to help you promote your game and/or sell you any merchandise, you will henceforth be banned from exhibiting in the Otakon Gaming Hall for 1 year. Developers found promoting/selling your game will get a warning and/or could also be evicted or banned.
BLACK LIST:
If for any reason a developer does something which requires any form of ban, either of a fixed duration or permanent, it will be after a thorough investigation and a decision agreed upon by the Otakorp, Inc. executive members and Otakorp, Inc.'s legal counsel. Any decision will be given to the artist in writing and kept on file.
Changes
Though Otakorp, Inc. and the Gaming Hall staff retain the right to make instantaneous changes to the Indie Row policies, every effort will be made to extend developers the courtesy to make announcements of any changes.
As a reminder the Gaming Hall staff will consistently monitor and patrol the Gaming Hall for policy and rules violations. Any and all observed and reported violations will be acted upon. A single violation of the convention and Gaming Hall rules and policies can potentially result in the developer being removed from the Gaming Hall and the convention at the discretion of the Gaming Hall staff. If an individual is removed, they forfeit all fees and will receive no refund for their booth or membership. Additionally, for the safety of the Gaming Hall staff, conversations between yourself and the Gaming Hall staff may be recorded.
×Close
Privacy Policy
Otakorp, Inc.'s privacy policy is simple: whatever information you provide us, we won't sell to anyone else. And we promise to use it only for Otakorp, Inc. related events such as Otakon. Fair enough?
Close