http://www.headheritage.co.uk/headguide/privacy-policy/
=
×
Julian Cope presents Head Heritage
Log in
Create an account
Home
Head Guide
W.S.Y.M.
Address Drudion
Julian Cope
Unsung
U-Know!
Head To Head
Merchandiser
Head Guide
Head Heritage Privacy Policy & Cookies
This privacy policy explains how HEAD HERITAGE LTD (trading as Head Heritage) or ‘we’ use any personal information we collect about you when you use this website. Head Heritage are fully compliant to all updated GDPR regulations and any applicable UK / EU laws. What information do we collect about you? When you register with Head Heritage and/or place an order, we need to know your Full Name, Delivery and/or Billing Address and Email Address. We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website. Why we need your data? This information allows us to fulfill your order, notify you of the status of your order or contact you directly if there are any issues with an order that you have placed on our site.
We will take cautionary measures to ensure we do not collect any personal data from you that we do not need in order to provide and oversee the above services to you. How long will we store your data? We are required by UK Tax Law to keep your basic personal data (name, address and contact details) for a minimum of 6 years after which time it will be destroyed.
Marketing If you have given consent to receive news and updates related to Julian Cope and Head Heritage, our occasional newsletter emails are administered via MailChimp. Your personal details for marketing purposes are not stored on our website.
If you have consented to sign up to receive our news, you may opt-out at a later date.
If you would like to view MailChimp’s Privacy Policy, it can be found here: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/ What are your rights? You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please email or write to us at the following address: Email: info@headheritage.co.uk Postal Address: Head Heritage Ltd, The Stables, Yatesbury Manor, Yatesbury, Wiltshire, SN11 8QT We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. We request that you let us know if your contact details change at any time. You may ask us to correct or remove information that you believe is inaccurate. Cookies Our site uses cookies to keep track of your visits to our website. A cookie is a small file that can be stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive.
Unlike many other websites, Head Heritage does not accept third-party advertisers. So cookies are not used to display so-called targeted advertising when you re-visit us. We use cookies to save your password so that you don't have to re-enter it every time you visit our site. You can usually change your browser so that it will not accept cookies however this may affect the functionality of our site. Other websites Our website (particularly our forums) contains some links to other websites. This privacy policy applies to our website only (www.headheritage.co.uk) so if you are re-directed to another website, you should read their respective privacy policies. Non-disclosure to third parties We may release account information where we believe in good faith that this release is reasonably necessary to comply with the law. We use MailChimp as our marketing automation platform. By subscribing to Head Heritage marketing / newsletters, you acknowledge that the information you provide will be transferred to MailChimp for processing in accordance with their Privacy Policy and Terms. We will use your information only as set out in this Policy and will not sell, rent or pass your information on to any other third-party company for marketing purposes without your express consent. Your consent and changes to our privacy policy By submitting your information and using our website, you consent to the collection, storage and processing of your personal information by us in the manner set out in this Policy. If we change our Privacy Policy we will post the changes on this page so that you can be aware of them. We will also e-mail you should we make any changes that may affect you and give you a chance to ask us not to use your information in that way.
We keep our privacy policy under regular review to ensure full compliance with UK and EU laws including all new GDPR requirements as in effect from 25th May 2018. This privacy policy was last updated in May 2018. Contact Us If you have any questions about our privacy policy or information that we hold about you, please contact us. Email: info@headheritage.co.uk Postal Address: Head Heritage Ltd, The Stables, Yatesbury Manor, Yatesbury, Wiltshire, SN11 8QT
Latest Updates
Merchandiser Open
Nov 2nd, 2020
SydArthur Festival 2020 Message
Jul 7th, 2020
Last 5 Shows of Winter 2020 Tour Cancelled due to Coronavirus Pandemic
Mar 16th, 2020
Norwich and Nottingham regrettably postponed
Mar 7th, 2020
Leeds, Sheffield & Birmingham shows regrettably postponed
Feb 27th, 2020
Julian Cope 2020 Tour Support
Jan 24th, 2020
JULIAN COPE ANNOUNCES WINTER 2020 TOUR
Aug 26th, 2019
SydArthur Festival 4
Jul 4th, 2019
Julian to Appear at 6 Music Festival 31 March 2019
Mar 3rd, 2019
STOREROOM 3 – Digging Deeper
Jan 15th, 2019
Home
Head Guide
W.S.Y.M
Address Drudion
Julian Cope
Unsung
U-Know!
Head To Head
Merchandiser
On This Deity
The Modern Antiquarian
Japrocksampler
©2020ce Head Heritage Ltd.
Contact us
Privacy policy & cookies
Top of page
Twitter
Facebook