http://www.worcestermass.com/privacy.shtml
Website Navigation
WorcesterMass.com
Index |
News & Weather |
Humor |
Opinions |
History |
City Info |
Messageboard
Featured Pages
City Info
Pictures of the Present
Statistics
Book & Film Mentions
Famous People
Getting Around
Looking For Info
Looking For People
Yearbook Searches
F.A.Q.
History
Pictures of the Past
Union Station
V-66
Famous Firsts
Commons Cemetery
80s Child
Fond Memories
Wormtown
Books
Humor
Pronunciation Guide
Popular Phrases
Unique Words
Driving Rules
Fish out of Water
Boston Tourist Tips
Opinions
Warehouse Fire
Union Station
What's Great?
Other Sites
Pollstar - Concerts
Yahoo Map of Worc.
WorceseterMass.com Privacy Statement
Overview
Worcestermass.Com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following
discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website.
Address Collection
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. We use cookies to deliver
content specific to your interests. Cookies are used by our site for tracking the last date of your visit in order to display only the
most current messages you have not seen yet.
Outside Links
This site contains links to other sites. Worcestermass.Com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web
sites.
Advertisers
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts
of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this
information.
Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any
information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to
disclose your personal information.
Form Submissions
This site makes use of forms on it's pages in order for users to comment on pages and suggest information we may have
missed. The name and email addresses are only used in order to contact the person submitting the information in case there is a
question about the subject matter. We DO NOT save email addresses or share them with our advertisers in any form.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can
contact
ChuckyG
InThe80s.Com
chuck@worcestermass.com
This is not an official page of the city of Worcester. The views contained
within this site is not from any official or funded by the city in anyway.
Other Features
Email Siteowner
Privacy Statement
Copyright 1998-2012 By Charles R. Grosvenor Jr.