http://www.kgmfoundation.org/terms-of-service/
Skip to content
Credit
This document was created using a Contractology template available at http://www.freenetlaw.com.
Introduction
These terms and conditions govern your use of this website; by using this website, you accept these terms and conditions in full. If you disagree with these terms and conditions or any part of these terms and conditions, you must not use this website.
You must be at least 18 years of age to use this website. By using this website you warrant and represent that you are at least 18 years of age.
This website uses cookies. By using this website and agreeing to these terms and conditions, you consent to The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation’s use of cookies in accordance with the terms of The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation’s privacy policy.
License to use website
Unless otherwise stated, The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights in the website and material on the website. Subject to the license below, all these intellectual property rights are reserved.
You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages from the website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these terms and conditions.
You must not:
republish material from this 	website (including republication on another website);
sell, rent or sub-license 	material from the website;
show any material from the 	website in public;
reproduce, duplicate, copy or 	otherwise exploit material on this website for a commercial purpose;
redistribute material from this 	website.
Acceptable use
You must not use this website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the website; or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity.
You must not use this website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software.
You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to this website without The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation’s express written consent.
You must not use this website to transmit or send unsolicited commercial communications.
You must not use this website for any purposes related to marketing without The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation’s express written consent.
Restricted access
Access to certain areas of this website may be restricted. The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation reserves the right to restrict access to other areas of this website, or indeed this entire website, at The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation’s discretion.
If The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation provides you with a user ID and password to enable you to access restricted areas of this website or other content or services, you must ensure that the user ID and password are kept confidential.
The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation may disable your user ID and password in The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation’s sole discretion without notice or explanation.
User content
In these terms and conditions, “your user content” means material (including without limitation text, images, audio material, video material and audio-visual material) that you submit to this website, for whatever purpose.
You grant to The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute your user content in any existing or future media. You also grant to The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation the right to sub-license these rights, and the right to bring an action for infringement of these rights.
Your user content must not be illegal or unlawful, must not infringe any third party’s legal rights, and must not be capable of giving rise to legal action whether against you or The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation or a third party (in each case under any applicable law).
You must not submit any user content to the website that is or has ever been the subject of any threatened or actual legal proceedings or other similar complaint.
The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation reserves the right to edit or remove any material submitted to this website, or stored on The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation’s servers, or hosted or published upon this website.
No warranties
This website is provided as is without any representations or warranties, express or implied. The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation makes no representations or warranties in relation to this website or the information and materials provided on this website.
Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing paragraph, The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation does not warrant that:
this website will be constantly 	available, or available at all; or
the information on this website 	is complete, true, accurate or non-misleading.
Nothing on this website constitutes, or is meant to constitute, advice of any kind. If you require advice in relation to any legal, financial, spiritual or medical matter you should consult an appropriate professional.
Limitations of liability
The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation will not be liable to you (whether under the law of contact, the law of torts or otherwise) in relation to the contents of, or use of, or otherwise in connection with, this website:
to the extent that the website 	is provided free-of-charge, for any direct loss;
for any indirect, special or 	consequential loss; or
for any business losses, loss of 	revenue, income, profits or anticipated savings, loss of contracts 	or business relationships, loss of reputation or goodwill, or loss 	or corruption of information or data.
These limitations of liability apply even if The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation has been expressly advised of the potential loss.
Exceptions
Nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit any warranty implied by law that it would be unlawful to exclude or limit; and nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation’s liability in respect of any:
death or personal injury caused 	by The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation’s negligence;
fraud or fraudulent 	misrepresentation on the part of The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation; or
matter which it would be illegal 	or unlawful for The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation to exclude or limit, 	or to attempt or purport to exclude or limit, its liability.
Reasonableness
By using this website, you agree that the exclusions and limitations of liability set out in this website disclaimer are reasonable.
If you do not think they are reasonable, you must not use this website.
Other parties
You accept that, as a limited liability entity, The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation has an interest in limiting the personal liability of its officers and employees. You agree that you will not bring any claim personally against The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation’s officers or employees in respect of any losses you suffer in connection with the website.
Without prejudice to the foregoing paragraph, you agree that the limitations of warranties and liability set out in this website disclaimer will protect The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation’s officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, successors, assigns and sub-contractors as well as The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation.
Unenforceable provisions
If any provision of this website disclaimer is, or is found to be, unenforceable under applicable law, that will not affect the enforceability of the other provisions of this website disclaimer.
Indemnity
You hereby indemnify The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation and undertake to keep The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation indemnified against any losses, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation legal expenses and any amounts paid by The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation to a third party in settlement of a claim or dispute on the advice of The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation’s legal advisers) incurred or suffered by The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation arising out of any breach by you of any provision of these terms and conditions, or arising out of any claim that you have breached any provision of these terms and conditions.
Breaches of these terms and conditions
Without prejudice to The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation’s other rights under these terms and conditions, if you breach these terms and conditions in any way, The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation may take such action as The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation deems appropriate to deal with the breach, including suspending your access to the website, prohibiting you from accessing the website, blocking computers using your IP address from accessing the website, contacting your internet service provider to request that they block your access to the website and/or bringing court proceedings against you.
Variation
The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation may revise these terms and conditions from time-to-time. Revised terms and conditions will apply to the use of this website from the date of the publication of the revised terms and conditions on this website. Please check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current version.
Assignment
The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation may transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation’s rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions without notifying you or obtaining your consent.
You may not transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with your rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions.
Severability
If a provision of these terms and conditions is determined by any court or other competent authority to be unlawful and/or unenforceable, the other provisions will continue in effect. If any unlawful and/or unenforceable provision would be lawful or enforceable if part of it were deleted, that part will be deemed to be deleted, and the rest of the provision will continue in effect.
Entire agreement
These terms and conditions, together with our privacy policy, constitute the entire agreement between you and The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation in relation to your use of this website, and supersede all previous agreements in respect of your use of this website.
Law and jurisdiction
These terms and conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario, and any disputes relating to these terms and conditions will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Province of Ontario.
Registrations and authorisations
The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation is a registered Canadian charitable organization. Revenue Canada Business Identification (Canadian Charity Registration Number): 11908-6817 RR0001.
The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation’s details
The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation’s registered address is P.O. Box 790, Station F, Toronto, Ontario M4Y 2N7, Canada.
You can contact The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation by email to info@kgmfoundation.org.
Scroll To Top