http://www.openculture.com/privacy_policy
Privacy Policy
Online Courses
Audio Books
Movies
Podcasts
K-12th Grade
eBooks
MOOCs
Donate
Privacy Policy
FacebookTwitterRedditSubscribeGoogleWhatsappPinterestDiggLinkedinStumbleuponVkPrintDeliciousBufferPocketXingTumblrMailYummlyTelegramFlipboard
Last modified: August 22, 2020
Open Culture, LLC (“Open Culture,” “we” or “us”) knows that you care how information about you is used and shared.  This Privacy Policy explains how Open Culture collects and uses information at its website located at www.openculture.com and at other websites and mobile services provided by Open Culture (collectively the “Network Websites”).  This Privacy Policy also explains how you can control the collection, correction and/or deletion of certain types of information that we collect.  We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.  This Privacy Policy does not apply to information we collect by other means (including offline) or from other sources.  Further, this Privacy Policy does not apply to any websites, webpages, blogs, applications, widgets or other services operated by any third party, including our affiliates, advertisers, providers and partners.
1. Information We Collect
A. Personally Identifiable Information
In general, Open Culture does not collect personally identifiable information on the Open Culture Services, except as set forth below.  For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “personally identifiable information” is data intended to be used to identify, contact or locate a person, including, name, address, telephone number or e-mail address and any other information (even if non-personally identifiable) provided in combination with such personally identifiable information.
You may provide us information about yourself, such as your name or e-mail address, when you use or post content on or though the Open Culture Services, including registering for the use of certain features such as email RSS feeds.  If you correspond with us by email, we may retain the content of your email messages, your email address, and our responses.  We may also retain any messages or other content you send through or post on the Open Culture Services.
The advertisements we deliver may offer the ability to interact, including playing a game or viewing a video.  The ad may also give you the opportunity to provide the advertiser with information about yourself.  In some instances, if you choose to interact with an advertisement or provide an advertiser with information about yourself, Open Culture may collect information on behalf of the advertiser.  In that case, the advertiser’s privacy policy would apply to the data collected and we will abide by the instructions given to us by the advertiser in our handling of the data.  Open Culture will not associate any information (non-personally identifiable or personally identifiable) we collect for an advertiser with any other information we may have collected about you through the Open Culture Services.
B. Non-Personally Identifiable Information
When you visit the Open Culture Services, Open Culture or third parties such as advertisers, third-party advertising networks, and third-party advertising serving companies may collect non-personally identifiable information.  For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “non-personally identifiable information” is data that is not personally identifiable. Open Culture and these third parties may implement certain technologies to enable the collection of such information.  An explanation of these technologies is below.
Cookies Information: When you visit the Open Culture Services, we may send one or more cookies—a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters—to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser and lets Open Culture help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the site.  A cookie may also convey information about how you browse the Open Culture Services.  Open Culture uses session, persistent, flash and browser cookies.  The use of cookies on the Open Culture Services is anonymous and does not allow us to gather personally identifiable information about you.  A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive after you close your browser.  Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the site.  Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser’s directions.  A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser.  You can set your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.  However, some features of the Open Culture Services may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled.
Device Identifiers: When you access the Open Culture Services by or through a mobile device, we may access, collect, monitor and/or remotely store one or more “device identifiers.”  Device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your mobile device that uniquely identify your mobile device and are used by Open Culture to enhance your use of the Open Culture Services.  A device identifier may be data stored in connection with the device hardware, data stored in connection with the device’s operating system or other software, or data sent to the device by Open Culture.  A device identifier may convey information to us about how you browse the Open Culture Services.  A device identifier does not collect or share any personally identifiable information about you.  However, a device identifier may be used in conjunction with other information in a manner that may constitute personally identifiable information.  A device identifier may remain persistently on your device, to help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the Open Culture Services.  Some features of the Open Culture Services may not function properly if use or availability of device identifiers are impaired or disabled.
Web Beacons/Click-Stream Data: A web beacon is an electronic file that signals when a webpage, advertisement, video, other content, an email, or a newsletter has been viewed.  We may use web beacons in our emails and newsletters, or on our websites and services.  Open Culture may use web beacons in conjunction with cookies to collect click-stream data that helps us better understand how visitors move from page to page within our websites.  As with cookies, our use of web beacons is anonymous and does not allow us to gather personally identifiable information about you.
Passive Browser Information: Open Culture collects passive browser information though its web servers.  We use the passive browser information to help us understand how many visitors come to our websites and where they come from, and ultimately to help us make decisions about how to organize the websites and deliver advertising.
Log File Information: Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you access a web page.  When you use the Open Culture Services, our servers automatically record certain log file information.  These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, data about how you interact with links on the Open Culture Services, and other such information.  We may display your IP address to the owners or maintainers of certain blogs, groups or communities if you post to those blogs, groups or communities and the owner or maintainer has enabled functionality for this purpose.
Scripts:  A script is a short segment of computer code included in a web page or other content that can be used to set and access a cookie on your computer’s hard drive and to record your activity on a website.  Open Culture may use scripts on the Open Culture Services, on third-party websites, or in our emails and newsletters.
C. Third Party Advertisements
If an advertiser asks Open Culture to show an advertisement to a certain audience and you respond to that advertisement, the advertiser or ad server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach.  In addition, third-party advertisers may use non-personally identifiable information about your visits to the Open Culture Services in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that they believe may be of interest to you.  If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please see the list provided immediately below.  This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, third-party advertisers.  Please consult the respective privacy policies of such advertisers for more information.
Google Analytics: Privacy Policy
Google Adsense: Privacy Policy
Amazon Affiliate Program: Privacy Policy
Feedburner: Privacy Policy
Commission Junction Affiliate Program: Privacy Policy
ShareaSale: Privacy Policy
LinkShare/Rakuten: Privacy Policy
Impact Radius: Privacy Policy
2. How We Use Your Information
A. Personally Identifiable Information
We use the personally identifiable information that we collect to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Open Culture Services.
By providing Open Culture with your email address, you consent to our use of the email address to send you notices related to the Open Culture Services, including any notices required by law, in lieu of communication by postal mail.  We may also contact you via email with transactional or relationship messages, such as notifications of changes to the terms of services provided.  By providing your email address, you agree that we may send you notifications of activity on the Open Culture Services to that email address, in accordance with any applicable privacy settings.  We may use your email address to send you other messages, such as information about changes to features of the Open Culture Services.  If you do not want to receive such email messages, you may opt out or change your preferences by sending an email to mail@openculture.com.  Opting out may prevent you from receiving email messages regarding updates, improvements, or offers.  You may not opt out of service-related emails or transactional or relationship email messages.
Open Culture may use your personally identifiable information and user content internally for purposes such as operating or improving its websites, determining which users have access privileges to certain content, services or resources that we offer, diagnosing service or technical problems, maintaining security, doing something that you have asked us to do, telling you about Open Culture products, services and marketing events that we think may be of interest, analyzing how the Open Culture Services are used, and personalizing content.
B. Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We may use non-personally identifiable information, including cookies, device identifiers, location data, web beacons/click-stream data, passive browser information, demonstration data, log file information, and scripts to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information; (c) monitor the effectiveness of our services; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns; (e) diagnose or fix technology problems reported by our users or engineers that are associated with certain IP addresses; (f) help you efficiently access your information after you sign in; (g) monitor and prevent fraud and abuse; (h) identify you as an account holder; (i) require you to re-enter your password after a certain period of time has elapsed to prevent others from accessing your account contents; (j) keep track of preferences you specify while you are using Open Culture Services; (k) conduct research to improve Open Culture Services; (l) monitor advertising-related metrics, in order to provide you with more helpful and relevant advertising; (m) administer our business (e.g., to calculate payments due to our network websites); and (n) track user content and users to the extent necessary to comply as a service provider with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
Third-party advertising networks and advertisers may also use non-personally identifiable information to assist them in delivering advertising that may be relevant to your interests.
3. How We Share Your Information
A. Personally Identifiable Information
Open Culture will not rent or sell your personally identifiable information to others.  Open Culture only shares personally identifiable information with other companies or individuals outside of the Open Culture Services as follows: (1) if Open Culture has your consent to the sharing of personally identifiable information; (2) to provide Open Culture’s services to you; (3) to respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process, to assist government enforcement agencies, to establish or exercise our legal rights, or to defend against legal claims; (4) if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding third-party claims or allegations, illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety or property of another person, violation of our Terms and Conditions of Service; or (7) as otherwise required by law.  Open Culture may also store personally identifiable information and user content in locations outside the direct control of Open Culture (for instance, on servers or databases co-located with hosting providers).
Any personal information or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to the Open Culture Services, such as messages, comments or other user content, becomes available to the public.
B. Non-Personally Identifiable Information
In the event that we use a third party to provide services or to support aspects of our business on our behalf, Open Culture may share non-personally identifiable information with the third party to be used by them only for the purpose of providing their services to Open Culture.
We may share non-personally identifiable information (such as anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) with third parties to help them understand the usage patterns for certain Open Culture Services, and as part of the function of our business.
C. Transfer of Data
In the event that Open Culture sells, transfers or otherwise relinquishes all or part of our assets, business offerings, or services, including any of the Open Culture Services, information that you have shared with Open Culture or that Open Culture has collected, including both personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information, may be one of the business assets that will be transferred.  We may also transfer or assign such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, or dissolution.  The transferred information will remain subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy or those of subsequent policies to which you have consented.  If Open Culture is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
4. Content Removal
Open Culture reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor the user content you post on any of the Open Culture Services.  We reserve the right to remove any such information or material for any reason or no reason, including without limitation if in our sole opinion such information or material violates, or may violate, any law or our Terms and Conditions of Service, or to protect or defend our rights or property or those of any third party.  Open Culture also reserves the right to remove information upon the request of any third party.
5. Data Retention
Open Culture may retain and continue to use indefinitely all information (including user content) posted to the Open Culture Services.
Open Culture retains the specific anonymous data collected and tied to your computer’s unique ID as described in this Privacy Policy for a period of up to twelve months.  Such data may be aggregated and used for analytical purposes indefinitely.
6. How We Protect Your Information
Open Culture cares about the integrity and security of your personal information.  We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Open Culture or guarantee that your information on the Open Culture Services may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.  The transmittal of information from you to us is done at your own risk.
7. Compromise of Personal Information
In the event that personal information is compromised as a result of a breach of security, Open Culture will promptly notify those persons whose personal information has been compromised, in accordance with the notification procedures set forth in this Privacy Policy, or as otherwise required by law.
8. Your Choices About Your Information
You may, of course, decline to submit personally identifiable information through the Service, in which case Open Culture may not be able to provide certain services to you.
You can limit targeted advertising by configuring your browser’s settings or changing the management panel of the Adobe Flash Player to limit your acceptance of or delete cookies.  Because the management of cookies in various browsers differs, you should consult the documentation for your browser in order to manage your cookies.  In order to limit the acceptance of or disable “flash” cookies, you must access the management panel of the Adobe Flash Player installed on your computer.  To learn more about the management panel of the Adobe Flash Player and the management of “flash” cookies, please access the following link: http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/index.html.  You can also opt-out of receiving cookies from third-party data providers by following the instructions at:  http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.  You can opt-out of receiving cookies from Targusinfo, a specific third-party data provider, by following the instructions at:  http://www.adadvisor.net/optout.html.  Also, because your choices are not associated with you as a particular individual, if you change computers, web browsers or cookie settings, you will need to re-implement your preferences as described above.  Note that if you limit or disable cookies, this does not mean that you will not see ads on the Open Culture Services. Instead, ads will be displayed that are based on passive browser information or other information that that may be provided by the Open Culture Services at the time of your visit.
9. Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important.  Open Culture and its related websites are not structured to attract children under 13 years of age.  Open Culture prohibits the use of our websites or services by anyone under 13 years of age.  Open Culture does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for any of the Open Culture Services.  If you are under 13, please do not access the Open Culture Services or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address.  In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.  If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at mail@openculture.com.
10. Links to Other Websites
We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from the Open Culture Services, nor the information or content contained therein.  Please remember that when you use a link to go from within the Open Culture Services to an outside website, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect.  Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including those that have a link on the Open Culture Services, is subject to that website’s own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.
11. Notification Procedures
It is our policy to provide notifications, whether such notifications are required by law or are for marketing or other business related purposes, to you via email notice, written or hard copy notice, or through conspicuous posting of such notice on the applicable Open Culture website or service, as determined by Open Culture in its sole discretion. We reserve the right to determine the form and means of providing notifications to you, provided that you may opt out of certain means of notification as described in this Privacy Policy.
12. Governing Law
This Privacy Policy is governed by the laws of the State of California and the United States of America.
13. Changes to this Privacy Policy
Open Culture may modify or update this Privacy Policy at its sole discretion from time to time, and so you should review this Privacy Policy periodically.  When we change the policy in a material way, we will notify you by means of a notice on our website prior to the change becoming effective.  Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.  Your continued access to the Open Culture Services after the Privacy Policy has been modified and posted will signify your acceptance of such modifications.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of the Open Culture Services, or your dealings with Open Culture, please contact us at mail@openculture.com.
FacebookTwitterRedditSubscribeGoogleWhatsappPinterestDiggLinkedinStumbleuponVkPrintDeliciousBufferPocketXingTumblrMailYummlyTelegramFlipboard
Support Open Culture
We’re hoping to rely on our loyal readers rather than erratic ads. To support Open Culture’s continued operation, please consider making a donation. We thank you!
Essentials
1,500 Free Online Courses
1000+ MOOCs
1,150 Free Movies
700 Free Audio Books
150+ Best Podcasts
800 Free eBooks
200 Free Textbooks
300 Free Language Lessons
150 Free Business Courses
Free K-12 Education
Get Our Daily Email
Support Us
We're hoping to rely on loyal readers, rather than erratic ads. Click the Donate button and support Open Culture. We thank you!
Free Courses
Art & Art History
Astronomy
Biology
Business
Chemistry
Classics/Ancient World
Computer Science
Data Science
Economics
Engineering
Environment
History
Literature
Math
Philosophy
Physics
Political Science
Psychology
Religion
Writing & Journalism
All 1500 Free Courses
1000+ MOOCs & Certificate Courses
Free Movies
1150 Free Movies Online
Free Film Noir
Silent Films
Documentaries
Martial Arts/Kung Fu
Animations
Free Hitchcock Films
Free Charlie Chaplin
Free John Wayne Movies
Free Tarkovsky Films
Free Dziga Vertov
Free Oscar Winners
Free Language Lessons
Arabic
Chinese
English
French
German
Italian
Russian
Spanish
All Languages
Free eBooks
700 Free eBooks
Free Philosophy eBooks
The Harvard Classics
Philip K. Dick Stories
Neil Gaiman Stories
David Foster Wallace Stories & Essays
Hemingway Stories
Great Gatsby & Other Fitzgerald Novels
HP Lovecraft
Edgar Allan Poe
Free Alice Munro Stories
Jennifer Egan Stories
George Saunders Stories
Hunter S. Thompson Essays
Joan Didion Essays
Gabriel Garcia Marquez Stories
David Sedaris Stories
Stephen King
Chomsky
Golden Age Comics
Free Books by UC Press
Life Changing Books
Free Audio Books
700 Free Audio Books
Free Audio Books: Fiction
Free Audio Books: Poetry
Free Audio Books: Non-Fiction
Free Textbooks
200 Free Textbooks
Free Physics Textbooks
Free Computer Science Textbooks
Free Math Textbooks
K-12 Resources
Free Books
Free Video Lessons
Web Resources by Subject
Free Language Lessons
Quality YouTube Channels
Teacher Resources
Test Prep
All Free Kids Resources
Free Art & Images
All Art Images & Books
The Met
The Getty
The Rijksmuseum
Smithsonian
The Guggenheim
The Tate
The National Gallery
The Whitney
LA County Museum
Stanford University
British Library
Google Art Project
French Revolution
Getty Images
Guggenheim Art Books
Met Art Books
Getty Art Books
New York Public Library Maps
Museum of New Zealand
Street Art
Smarthistory
Rembrandt
Van Gogh
Coloring Books
Free Music
All Bach Organ Works
All of Bach
80,000 Classical Music Scores
Free Classical Music
Live Classical Music
9,000 Grateful Dead Concerts
Alan Lomax Blues & Folk Archive
Writing Tips
Hemingway
Fitzgerald
Stephen King
Ray Bradbury
William Zinsser
Kurt Vonnegut
Toni Morrison
Edgar Allan Poe
Margaret Atwood
David Ogilvy
Steinbeck
Billy Wilder
Archive
All posts by date
Categories
Amazon Kindle
Animation
Apple
Architecture
Archives
Art
Astronomy
Audio Books
Beat & Tweets
Biology
Books
Business
Chemistry
Coloring Books
Comedy
Comics/Cartoons
Computer Science
Creativity
Current Affairs
Dance
Data
Deals
Design
e-books
Economics
Education
English Language
Entrepreneurship
Environment
Fashion
Film
Food & Drink
Games
Gender
Google
Graduation Speech
Harvard
Health
History
How to Learn for Free
Internet Archive
iPad
iPhone
Jazz
K-12
Language
Language Lessons
Law
Letters
Libraries
Life
Literature
Magazines
Maps
Math
Media
MIT
MOOCs
Most Popular
Museums
Music
Nature
Neuroscience
Online Courses
Opera
Philosophy
Photography
Physics
Podcasts
Poetry
Politics
Pretty Much Pop
Productivity
Psychology
Radio
Random
Religion
Sci Fi
Science
Software
Sports
Stanford
Technology
TED Talks
Television
Theatre
Travel
Twitter
UC Berkeley
Uncategorized
Video – Arts & Culture
Video – Politics/Society
Video – Science
Video Games
Web/Tech
Wikipedia
Writing
Yale
YouTube
Great Lectures
Michel Foucault
Sun Ra at UC Berkeley
Richard Feynman
Joseph Campbell
Carl Sagan
Margaret Atwood
Jorge Luis Borges
Leonard Bernstein
Richard Dawkins
Buckminster Fuller
Walter Kaufmann on Existentialism
Jacques Lacan
Roland Barthes
Nobel Lectures by Writers
Toni Morrison
Bertrand Russell
Oxford Philosophy Lectures
FREE UPDATES!
GET OUR DAILY EMAIL
Get the best cultural and educational resources on the web curated for you in a daily email. We never spam. Unsubscribe at any time.
FOLLOW ON SOCIAL MEDIA
About Us
Open Culture scours the web for the best educational media. We find the free courses and audio books you need, the language lessons & educational videos you want, and plenty of enlightenment in between.
Advertise With Us
Great Recordings
T.S. Eliot Reads Waste Land
Sylvia Plath - Ariel
Joyce Reads Ulysses
Joyce - Finnegans Wake
Patti Smith Reads Virginia Woolf
Albert Einstein
Charles Bukowski
Bill Murray
Hemingway
Fitzgerald Reads Shakespeare
William Faulkner
Flannery O'Connor
Tolkien - The Hobbit
Allen Ginsberg - Howl
W.B Yeats
Ezra Pound
Dylan Thomas
Anne Sexton
John Cheever
David Foster Wallace
Book Lists By
Neil deGrasse Tyson
Ernest Hemingway
F. Scott Fitzgerald
Allen Ginsberg
Patti Smith
Brian Eno
Henry Miller
Christopher Hitchens
Joseph Brodsky
W.H. Auden
Donald Barthelme
Carl Sagan
David Bowie
Samuel Beckett
Art Garfunkel
Marilyn Monroe
Jorge Luis Borges
Picks by Female Creatives
Syllabi
WH Auden
David Foster Wallace
Donald Barthelme
Allen Ginsberg
Zadie Smith & Gary Shteyngart
Spike Lee
Lynda Barry
Junot Diaz
Favorite Movies
Kubrick
Kurosawa's 100
Tarantino
Scorsese
Tarkovsky
David Lynch
Werner Herzog
Woody Allen
Wes Anderson
Luis Buñuel
Roger Ebert
Susan Sontag
Scorsese Foreign Films
Philosophy Films
Archives
December 2020
November 2020
October 2020
September 2020
August 2020
July 2020
June 2020
May 2020
April 2020
March 2020
February 2020
January 2020
December 2019
November 2019
October 2019
September 2019
August 2019
July 2019
June 2019
May 2019
April 2019
March 2019
February 2019
January 2019
December 2018
November 2018
October 2018
September 2018
August 2018
July 2018
June 2018
May 2018
April 2018
March 2018
February 2018
January 2018
December 2017
November 2017
October 2017
September 2017
August 2017
July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
April 2016
March 2016
February 2016
January 2016
December 2015
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014
December 2013
November 2013
October 2013
September 2013
August 2013
July 2013
June 2013
May 2013
April 2013
March 2013
February 2013
January 2013
December 2012
November 2012
October 2012
September 2012
August 2012
July 2012
June 2012
May 2012
April 2012
March 2012
February 2012
January 2012
December 2011
November 2011
October 2011
September 2011
August 2011
July 2011
June 2011
May 2011
April 2011
March 2011
February 2011
January 2011
December 2010
November 2010
October 2010
September 2010
August 2010
July 2010
June 2010
May 2010
April 2010
March 2010
February 2010
January 2010
December 2009
November 2009
October 2009
September 2009
August 2009
July 2009
June 2009
May 2009
April 2009
March 2009
February 2009
January 2009
December 2008
November 2008
October 2008
September 2008
August 2008
July 2008
June 2008
May 2008
April 2008
March 2008
February 2008
January 2008
December 2007
November 2007
October 2007
September 2007
August 2007
July 2007
June 2007
May 2007
April 2007
March 2007
February 2007
January 2007
December 2006
November 2006
October 2006
September 2006
©2006-2020 Open Culture, LLC. All rights reserved.
Home
About Us
Advertise with Us
Copyright Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Bio
Audio Books
Online Courses
MOOCs
Movies
Languages
Textbooks
eBooks
Open Culture (openculture.com) and our trusted partners use technology such as cookies on our website to personalise ads, support social media features, and analyze our traffic. Please click below to consent to the use of this technology while browsing our site. Cookie settingsACCEPT
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Close
Do you want more open culture?
if you like our Facebook fanpage, you'll receive more articles like the one you just read!
Do you already like us on Facebook?
Do not ask me again for Facebook
Continue to the article »