http://www.writewords.org.uk/terms.asp
WriteWords
Login   Sign Up
Home
Writers
Words
Groups
Forums
Jobs & Opps
Directory
Interviews
Courses
Random Read
The Others by mrsbojangles
WriteWords Terms of Service Page
By using this site, you agree to abide by the following simple common sense rules:
You certify that you are 16 years of age or over.
Nicknames that we feel are inflammatory, vulgar, promotional, or rude will be removed
Groups, forums and comments are moderated for language
and commercialized promotional posts.
Work uploaded to the archive may be subject to a content warning in cases of extreme
language, sex or violence. At the absolute discretion of the WriteWords team, work may be
removed if it is considered unsuitable for the site.
Work uploaded to the archive remains the copyright of the author.
If you are concerned about whether or not work uploaded to the site will be considered 'published', please select
for the work to be viewable to ww members only. In our view this should fairly be seen to be still unpublished (it's the equivalent to showing a new work to your writing group), but different
agents and publishers may have different views on this. We cannot make any guarantees what view they will take.
You should not use WriteWords as a primary storage facility for your work. We cannot make
any guarantees about the safety of materials uploaded to the site and will not offer any
compensation should they be lost.
Always be respectful of other users, the system, and the moderators. We put the
system online in good faith, please use it in good faith.
All comments on other members should be constructive. It is NEVER acceptable to be rude or
insulting about another member's work and such posts will be removed.
Please use the comments boxes under archive work to
discuss only the work in question. Off-topic comments may be removed
at the discretion of the WriteWords Team.
Discussions in the forum not related to writing are also considered off-topic and may be moved to the lounge forum.
The lounge forum may be used to chat on any subject.
Because your forum posting may be more pertinent to another on going discussion,
or it might spawn its own thread, it may be moved as WriteWords sees fit.
The opinions of the WriteWords site experts are not necessarily those of the site owners.
Any on site private discussions (WWMail) with moderators or administrators
related to site policy or actions may be shared with administrators if we feel
it is necessary.
Please stay within the topic area of the forum you are posting a message in, and within any topic that another poster may have started.
You agree not to hold WriteWords or its members liable for anything stated
in the forums, comment boxes or reviews on the site.
Please treat others the way you wish to be treated. One way
to guard against misunderstandings is to read over your response before you post
it. Flaming or personal attacks are not allowed or tolerated. Should
anyone use inappropriate language, start a personal attack, or engage in hate
speech, they will be barred from all further discussions.
The forums and archive are not a venue for advertisements in any way. It will be the sole
discretion of WriteWords and its moderators as to what constitutes an
advertisement.
You are responsible for your own posts and agree not to hold WriteWords or its owners
liable for any messages posted.
By posting in the forum or in the comments sections, you grant WriteWords a
permanent licence to use such posts and comments on the site. Members no longer wishing to participate in the site
may only request that posts are removed in cases where personal safety, libel, or copyright violations are involved.
Requests to remove all comments and posts will not usually be granted as they destroy the integrity of the conversations to which they belong.
You will not copy and retransmit any information out of the site without
first getting the permission of the original author of the message and a
WriteWords administrator.
Discussions about moderator or administrator actions are welcome in email or
local private messages, but should not be discussed in public on the site. This is
out of respect for the members and moderators or policy involved.
Messages posted at this site are the sole opinion and responsibility of the
poster
See also our privacy policy
For our part we will do our best to protect your privacy and respect your posts.
We will not edit or otherwise misrepresent what you write without cause.
We reserve the right to edit any and all content that has been placed on WriteWords.
We reserve the right to modify these Terms of Service from time to time without notice. Any such changes are retroactive.
Follow us on Twitter |
Articles |
Site Tour |
Help |
Terms |
Privacy |
About | Contact |
Copyright © www.writewords.org.uk 2002-2020. All rights
reserved. |