http://www.wghn.com/privacy-policy/
Follow Us x
a
!
HOMERadio Stations92.1 WGHNCLASSIC ROCK 93.1OLDIES 94.9
AboutON-AIRLive CamNewsPublic FileCoronavirusNon-Profit OrganizationsCONNECT
ADVERTISERadio AdvertisingDigital Advertising
Story TimeGrand HavenSpring Lake
CommunityWeekday Wellness Minute
Contact UsContact Info xWGHN INC.Phone: (616) 842-8110Fax: (616) 842-4350
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy StatementTo help us assess content usage and navigation patterns on the WGHN website designed and powered by software employed by Townsquare Interactive, overall web server data is collected and analyzed. Individual names or usernames are not collected. Host names and/or IP addresses are collected and only associated with individual users where required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with legal requirements or with legal process served on us, to protect and defend our rights or property, or in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of any individual. The data that is collected may be used to generate aggregate statistical reports.By providing Personally Identifiable Information using the Optin feature button, labeled SUBMIT, you expressly accept and agree to be bound to, and abide by the terms set forth in this Privacy Policy Statement, and consent to the collection, processing, storage and other uses of information for the purposes and in the manner described below.For the purposes of this Privacy Policy Statement, Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”) means any information provided to us directly or via the software which can personally identify a person, and may include name, gender, address, Zip or Postal code, telephone number, email address or birth year. If we become aware that a minor child has provided us with PII, we will delete such information. Although we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose PII when required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, a subpoena, a court order or other legal process. Google AnalyticsThe WGHN website also uses Google Analytics to collect site usage data and to analyze overall usage of the site. Google Analytics uses cookies in your Web browsing software to track user sessions so that it can collect data about how users view and navigate the site. The data collected never includes names, usernames or e-mail addresses. Individual IP addresses are collected, but they are not associated with individual users other than as noted above. You may prevent Google Analytics from collecting data by turning off cookies in the preferences settings in your browser. For more information on Google Analytics, please visit Google's website. Other WebsitesThe WGHN website contains links to other independently run websites. The site is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
- The content of the WGHN website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.- Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on the website and/or app for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.- Your use of any information or materials on the website and/or app is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website and/or app meet your specific requirements.- This website contains material which is licensed by Townsquare Interactive. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance, graphics, logos, audio and video. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.- All trademarks reproduced on this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.- Unauthorized use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offense.- From time to time this website and/or app may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).Contacting UsWGHN-RADIO, 1 South Harbor Drive, Grand Haven, MI 49417Or e-mail: traffic@wghn.com
Copyright © 2020 WGHN Inc., all rights reserved.
1 South Harbor Drive,  Grand Haven, MI 49417
(616) 842-8110