http://www.discworldmonthly.co.uk/privacyandcookies.php
Privacy & Cookies
Visitors to our website
When someone visits http://discworldmonthly.co.uk
our service provider collects standard internet log information.
We can then use this information
to identify the number of users visiting the site, the type of device used to visit and which pages are most visited.
We do not make any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our site.
We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifying information from any
source.
Competitions
When you enter competitions we will keep your information for a long as needed until the prizes have been sent
out.
Once the competition is over all user information is deleted.
Readers' Letters
When you write to us we reserve the right to include your correspondence in our newsletter and on our website unless
you specify that you do not want this information used.
All back issues are available on the website.
If you wish to have your name and email address removed from an older issue please
let us know and we will remove your personal information as soon as posible.
Subscriptions
We store email address information for the sole purpose of sending out our monthly (and occasional mid-month) emails to our subscribers.
We will never sell this information on to any third party and will not use this information for any other purpose
Subscribers can unsubscribe at any time.
Upon which time your email address will be removed from our mailing server.
We operate a double link-in mailing list. You must confirm via an unique link emailed to you that you wish to be included on the mailing list.
All our newsletters include information on how to unsubscribe.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit.
They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
Cookies used by Discworld Monthly:
Discworld Monthly uses two cookies to enable the shopping cart function to work.
The first stores the content of your cart and the second stores your delivery location.
If you disable cookies the shopping function will no longer operate correctly.
The Facebook plugin that we use to provide news requires the use of a facebook cookie.
See Facebook's cookie policy.
We also use Google Analyticals to track the number of visitors to our site.
Google will use a couple of cookies for this to work.
See Google's cookie policy for more information.
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about
cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit
http://www.aboutcookies.org or
http://www.allaboutcookies.org.