https://www.ealing.gov.uk/info/201045/data_protection/1420/privacy_statement
Introduction | Privacy notice | Ealing Council
Skip to content
Ealing Council
Search website
Search
A-Z
Jobs
Do it online
Contact us
Sign in
|
Create account
MyAccount
Search
Menu
Essential maintenance: Jobs
Jobs search and applications will be unavailable from 6pm, Friday 9 October until 9am, Monday 12 October for maintenance work. Sorry for any inconvenience caused.
COVID-19 updates
Close
Privacy notice
Home
Council and local decisions
Data protection
Privacy notice
Introduction
This privacy notice provides information about the types of personal data that we may collect about you when you contact us. It also explains what we will do with that data and how we will keep it safe.
The information in this privacy notice is correct as at 19 February 2019.
Personal information can be anything that identifies and relates to a living person. This can include information that when put together with other information can then identify a person. For example, this could be your name and contact details.
Ealing Council is the data controller for the personal data we collect. We are registered with the Information Commissioners Office and our registration number is Z5696801.
Data protection officer
The council has a data protection officer who has been notified to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO).
The responsibilities of the data protection officer are:
to advise us on how to comply with our data protection obligations and an individual’s data rights
helps us monitor how we comply with our obligations and your rights, and
is our contact for the ICO.
You can contact them about your concerns at dataprotection@ealing.gov.uk or by writing to:
Data protection officer
Ealing Council
Perceval House
14-16 Uxbridge Road
3rd Floor NE
Ealing W5 2HL
Links
Please note that this privacy statement does not cover links to other websites.
Notification of changes
As Ealing Council creates new online services this may generate a need to amend this privacy statement. If substantial changes are made, the council will highlight such changes on the home page of the website.
Future developments
If our information changes at any time in the future Ealing Council will post the policy changes on this page.
Pages in Privacy notice
You are here: Introduction
Why do we process personal information?
What we do with personal information
What are our legal basis for processing personal data?
What personal data do we collect and for how long
Who do we share personal data with?
Cookies and information collected to improve our website
Departmental privacy notices
What are your individual rights over your personal data?
Coronavirus (COVID-19) privacy notice
NHS Test and Trace - recording customer details: How we use your information
Next page
Related Pages:
Downloads
Council Services
Business
Children and families
Council and local decisions
Health and adult social care
Housing and council tax
Learning and schools
Leisure, parks and libraries
Neighbourhood and streets
Planning and building control
Rubbish and recycling
Transport and parking
My Account
Information and data compliance
Business Services Group, Perceval House 3.SE, 14-16 Uxbridge Road, London W5 2HL
Tel: 020 8825 5124/5512
Email Information and data compliance
Share
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Follow us
YouTube
Twitter
Flickr
RSS
Terms and disclaimer
Site map
Accessibility
Privacy
About us
Handcrafted by Spacecraft,
Powered by Jadu Continuum.