http://www.bso.org/brands/bso/tickets-events/buy-tickets/policies-information.aspx
Visit our mobile site!
More Info
|
My Cart
BSO Policies and Information
Policies and InformationEvents at Symphony Hall
How and Where to Purchase Tickets
By Phone SymphonyCharge:
Mon-Fri 12-4:30 pmCall SymphonyCharge at 617-266-1200 or 888-266-1200 (voice), or 617-638-9289 (TDD/TTY)
OnlineOrder tickets online at tanglewood.org, 24 hours a day. There is a $6.50 per order handling fee for tickets ordered by mail; a $6.50 fee per ticket for orders by phone or online.
BSO.org is the only official online source for purchasing tickets to performances and events at Symphony Hall and Tanglewood. If you do not see BSO.org listed in your web browser's address bar when viewing the performance schedule and purchasing tickets, please close your browser and visit www.BSO.org.
Tanglewood Box Office in Lenox, MAThe Tanglewood Box Office is currently closed.
The Box Office Will Call opens at the Linde Center in the Marignetti Lobby 60 minutes prior to Tanglewood Learning Institute Events.Please note: The Tanglewood Box Office closes at the end of intermission, or 30 minutes after the start of a performance if there is no intermission.  After the Box Office closes, any remaining will-call tickets will be moved to the Main Gate for late pick-up. The Main Gate is located at 297 West Street.  You may not enter the grounds without a ticket. Tickets cannot be purchased after the box office closes.
Boston Symphony Hall Box Office June 17 – Sep. 15 Symphony Hall Summer Box Office HoursThe Box Office is currently closed.
Box Office Fall/Winter/Spring Hours (Resuming on Sep. 15, 2019)The Box Office is currently closed.
Information for Accessible Seating & Services:  Symphony Hall is fully accessible through the Cohen Wing on Huntington Avenue and through the Box Office on Massachusetts Avenue. An Access Services Center is located at the Cohen Wing. Large Print programs, assistive listening devices, accessible restrooms, and elevators are available at both entrances. We are happy to accommodate any special seating needs. Please call the Access Services line at 617-638-9431 or TDD/TTY 617-638-9289. Click here for more information about accessibility.
Ticket Terms and Conditions
Each ticket constitutes a license from the BSO to the purchaser. No ticket may be transferred or resold for any price above the purchase price printed on the ticket. Ticket price and ticket text (including owner's name) may not be altered. Altered tickets, and tickets sold for a price above face value, will be voided. By accepting a ticket, you are agreeing to the terms of this license. Tickets that are lost or stolen cannot be re-mailed. Reprinted tickets will be held for pick up at the Box Office. Reprinted tickets may be picked up only on the day of the performance, by showing the credit card used for the purchase and a picture ID.
Snow Line (617-638-9495)
Patrons are advised to call the BSO Snow Line at (617) 638-9495 for updated concert information.  The Snow Line is updated more frequently during the day/evening if there is a pending or occurring storm. For more information, please visit our inclement weather page.
We very rarely cancel a concert due to snow/bad weather. If a concert is canceled, we will update the message for patrons on the snow line. We also will notify the television and radio stations of any cancellation if it were to occur. We ask patrons to check back with the snow line frequently for concert updates during bad weather.
Regarding Coronavirus Concerns
We are currently monitoring the spread of coronavirus (COVID-19) and following guidance provided by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, as well as local and state public health authorities. The safety of the Boston Symphony Orchestra’s audience, musicians, visiting guest artists, staff, volunteers, and board leadership will always be paramount to us. Read more about our plan here.
Building Maps & Seating Charts
Download the Building Map of Symphony Hall (PDF)View a detailed map of Symphony Hall that includes the location of the Box Office, conference rooms, restrooms, coat checks, and the Symphony Shop.
Download the BSO Symphony Hall Seating Chart (PDF)View a Seating Chart diagram that illustrates the breakdown of sections for a Symphony Hall performance, not including Boston Pops performances.
Concert Length
Holiday Pops concerts run 2 hours and 5 minutes. Kids matinees (11am concerts) are 70 minutes.
BSO evening performances begin at 8pm. Friday-afternoon performances begin at 1:30pm. Doors open 60 minutes prior to concert time. For the comfort of our artists and patrons, late seating will take place during the first convenient pause in the program.
Privacy
We respect your privacy. At some times we may share our information with other like-institutions in the Boston area. If at any time you would like to be removed from our mailing list, please contact us at customerservice@bso.org.
Security
Our website uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology which is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read as the information travels over the Internet.
BSO Rush Tickets
There are a limited number of Rush Tickets for BSO subscription-series concerts on Tuesday evenings, Thursday evenings, and Friday afternoons. Tickets are $10 each, cash only, one to a customer, and can be purchased at the BSO Box Office on Massachusetts Avenue on Fridays beginning at 10am, and on Tuesdays and Thursdays beginning at 5pm. Please note: Rush Tickets are not available on Friday evenings and Saturday evenings. This program is made possible through the Richard and Claire Morse Rush Ticket Fund.
Ordering Group Tickets
Groups of 20 or more receive discounted tickets to most Boston Symphony Orchestra and Boston Pops concerts. Other Group benefits include special event planning, personalized service and flexible payment plans. For more details, call the Group Sales office at 617-638-9345 or 800-933-4255.
Bags
For the security of our patrons, all bags will be searched.  We apologize for any inconvenience and thank you for your patience and cooperation.
Children at Symphony Hall
Boston Symphony Orchestra Events:  In consideration of our patrons and artists, children aged five or younger will not be admitted to Boston Symphony Orchestra events.
Pops Performances: All patrons, regardless of age, must have a ticket. In consideration of all patrons, please note that children under the age of four are not permitted at evening Pops performances. Children under 2 receive a free ticket for 11am Holiday Pops Kids Matinees, please call SymphonyCharge (888-266-1200) for free kids tickets, they need to be assigned a seat even if they will held on your lap. All patrons, regardless of age, must have a ticket.
Late Arrivals
For the comfort of our artists and your fellow patrons, late seating takes place during the first pause in the program.
Food and Drink in the Hall
No food or beverage (except for water) is permitted in the Auditorium except during the Boston Pops Season.
Lost and Found
All lost and found items are turned into our Security Desk after each performance. If you have lost something or found something and need to contact them, you can call 617-638-9333 and they will be happy to assist you. The security desk is open 24 hours a day.
Symphony Shop Hours & Location
The Symphony Shop, located in the Cohen Wing on Huntington Avenue, is open during the BSO and Pops season, Thursday and Saturday 3pm to 6pm. On days when there are evening concerts, the Shop will be open through intermission. A satellite shop, located on the first-balcony level outside the Cabot-Cahners Room, is open only during concerts. Mail order is available by calling 617-638-9383. Subscribers receive a 10% discount on all merchandise ($10 minimum purchase). 10+ Year Subscribers will receive a 15% discount. Merchandise can also be purchased online at bso.org.
Tax
There is a 6.25% state sales tax on all items (except for food and clothing) shipped to addresses in Massachusetts. There is no tax on any items shipped to addresses outside of Massachusetts; this includes international orders.
Gift Orders
All purchases made as a gift have the option of a gift card being enclosed with your message. Recipients of gift orders will not have the receipt sent to them.
Shipping
Standard Mail is delivered within 10 Business days for U.S. orders.
Standard U.S. Shipping Rate, based on merchandise total$  5.95 - for orders up to $25.00$  7.95 - for orders $25.01 to $50.00$  9.95 - for orders $50.01 to $100.00$12.95 - for orders $100.01 to $200.00$15.95 - for orders $200.00 and over
Please note: UPS doesn't accept P.O. boxes. A street address must be entered.
International OrdersThe International shipping rate for purchases other than the BSO Archives CD-Set varies and will not be added to the checkout total. Shipping charges will be processed separately once the package is shipped.
$28 - for orders under $100$40 - for orders $100 and over
Broadcast Archives CD setShipment of the BSO Archives CD set to International addresses will be sent via DHL, as such additional shipping charges may apply if you have purchased other items in your order. We will process your order based on the shipping charges provided by the DHL Shipment Calculator. That cost will not be reflected in your Order Confirmation from the BSO (either on-screen or by email). An additional rate will apply for multiple BSO Archives CD-Sets shipped domestically. The additional rate will be $10.00 per additional CD-Set for Standard shipping, and $15.00 per additional CD-Set for Express shipping.
Large OrdersShipping rates may increase depending on the weight and quantity of the merchandise selected; you will be contacted by a staff member prior to shipping if the rate is non-standard.
Exchanges/Returns
Products may be returned or exchanged within 30 days and meeting the following conditions. A copy of the receipt is required for all transactions.
***We regret there can be no ticket refunds or exchanges, even in the event of inclement weather.All programs and artists are subject to change. ***Patrons are advised to call the BSO Snow Line at (617) 638-9495 for updated concert information.  The Snow Line is updated more frequently during the day/evening if there is a pending or occurring storm. For more information: http://www.bso.org/brands/bso/plan-your-visit/getting-here/inclement-weather.aspx We very rarely cancel a concert due to snow/bad weather. If a concert is canceled, we will update the message for patrons on the snow line. We also will notify the television and radio stations of any cancellation if it were to occur. We ask patrons to check back with the snow line frequently for concert updates during bad weather.
CDsCDs may not be exchanged if they have been opened. If the CD has been opened and it is found to not be in working condition, please telephone the Shop to arrange an exchange for a new copy.
ApparelClothing may be exchanged for size or color based on availability.
Books and NoveltiesOther products may be exchanged based on availability.
Shipping and Returns/ExchangesThe Shop will pay for return shipping only if the product received is damaged. If you wish to make an exchange or return, and you are able to come to the store, your opportunity to select a different product to exchange it for may be better. If you are unable to come to the Shop in person, the item will need to be returned by mail, at your expense, with a copy of the receipt. The return shipping address is Attn: Symphony Shop, Boston Symphony Orchestra, Symphony Hall, 301 Massachusetts Ave., Boston, MA 02115.
Gift Returns and ExchangesYou may bring the product to the Shop or return it by mail for an item of equal value, however, credit will not be extended. Please call the Shop if you have questions regarding this process, especially if you do not have a copy of the receipt.
Tickets
Donate