http://www.wbru.com/privacy-policy
close menu
WBRU Radio
The Latest: WBRU Indie/Alt
How To Listen
Station Schedule
WBRU360
The Latest: WBRU360
How To Listen
Articles
Videos
Podcasts
All Nighters
Unearthed
Wavs Podcasting Series
BLM
About
Search for:
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for the website www.wbru.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by WBRU on this web site. It describes:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through our web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
* Information we collect:
We collect two types of information: Personally identifiable information, and non-personally identifiable information:
Personally Identifiable information:
If you choose to sign up (register) with our website, you will become a subscriber, and we may collect some personally identifiable information from you that includes (but is not limited to): Your first name, last name, email address, mailing address, and telephone phone number. Some of this information (such as email address) are required for registration. Cookies must be enabled on your computer to log in as a subscriber.
If you browse our website, even without registering, we also collect information that may uniquely identify your computer and/or web browser, including placing bits of information called cookies on your computer that send information back to us while you are browsing our website. The information we collect includes, but is not limited to: your internet protocol addresses, cookies sent from your browser, and your browser version.
We do not knowingly collect any information that enables us to identify any person under 13 years of age.
We will use information that we collect in two ways:
To contact or send you information or services you request (for example, a weekly opt-in email newsletter)
To generate aggregate information about our subscribers and web visitors.
Non-personally identifiable information:
If you choose to sign up (register) with our website, we also may collect information, such as age or gender or geographical information (such as state, or zip code) which we may aggregate without identifying it with any individuals name, even though your name is provided when you register.
If you browse our website without registering, we also may collect information from your computer. This information includes (but is not limited to): the requested URL, access times, your computer OS versions, and screen resolutions. This information is not associated with any individuals name, as person who do not register do not provide their name to us.
* Whom we share this information with:
We will never share any personally identifiable information with any third parties.
Please note the following caveat:
We use a third party software package (Google Analytics [http://www.google.com/analytics/]) to collect statistics about our web visitors. As such, Google may collect information that may uniquely identify your computer and/or web browser (examples include, but are not limited to: IP addresses, browser and OS versions, and screen resolutions). Google may also collect information such as the requested page URL. Use of information collected by Google is governed by Google’s own separate Privacy Policy, which you should consult for more information.
We may share aggregated (non-personal) information or (non-personal) demographic information with third parties not affiliated with WBRU. Such data does not identify any single person, but rather describes a group of users. We do not have an opt-out option for aggregated data sharing.
If you click on a link on our website and go to another website, the destination website may know that you linked from our website and may collect information from you or your computer. WBRU’s Privacy Policy applies only while you are browsing our website. Other websites may operate with different privacy policies.
* Security:
We make all reasonable attempts to keep your personal data secure, including restricting access of your data to only persons who require access. If we become aware of a security breach, we will post a notice on our website. This is the only notice we will give.
* Accuracy of Information:
At any time, you many log in to our website to review and to correct some of the personally identifiably information we collect (such as name/address/email). Some information that may uniquely identify your computer and/or web browser (as mentioned above) is collected in log files, and as such is not changeable once the information has been written to the log files.
* Policy Changes:
We may, from time to time, make changes or updates to this privacy policy. You can always find the latest dated revision of this policy at http://www.wbru.com/privacy. Questions: You may emailweb@wbru.com or write to WBRU at the following address if you have any questions regarding this privacy policy.
General Manager
WBRU
88 Benevolent Street,
Providence, RI, 02906
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYou must be logged in to post a comment.