http://www.gdc.net/privacy-policy
About About GDCGDC FellowsCode of EthicsContactGDC Foundation AboutDonorsDonateMerchandiseGDC Gibson FundSustainable Design
Log-in
Join GDC
Certification
Membership
Events
Resources
Education
Job Board
Chapters
Find a Designer
Privacy Policy
Share This
The GDC is responsible for personal information under its control. The organization has implemented policies and procedures to protect your personal information.
We are committed to maintaining the integrity and privacy of any personal information that is collected, used, disclosed, retained, and destroyed in the course of your becoming a member of the GDC. We consistently ensure that your contact information and credit card transactions are secure and safe through the most effective and convenient methods available, and abide by provincial and federal privacy legislation as applicable.
We will from time to time review and revise our Privacy Policy, and any amendments will be implemented as soon as reasonably possible in our chapters, and on our web site.
Information given by the applicant on the membership application form is used by the Chapter Executive to determine membership eligibility. This information is archived by the Chapter Membership Chair. Contact information from the application is used by the organization to communicate with the member. Personal information is any information that can be used to identify, contact or distinguish a specific individual. Business contact information, often referred to as 'business card' information, and publicly available information such as that in telephone directories are not considered to be personal information.
Academic information provided by scholarship applicants such as transcripts, etc, are used by GDC to determine scholarship eligibility. This information is archived in our electronic records and will be destroyed once the scholarship awards have been awarded. Academic information provided in conjunction with scholarship applications will be used exclusively for scholarship purposes, viewed only by those involved in assessing the entry,  and will not be used again without the express consent and prior knowledge of the applicant.
Personal information including name, mailing address, phone, fax, e-mail, website are kept in the national database. This information is used for the GDC's purposes, including invoicing, communicating with members, mailings of newsletters and for journals when necessary. The GDC makes every effort to ensure that information is accurate. Members have access to their own information in the database and are allowed to update it to make sure it is accurate. Log in to www.gdc.net with your username and password and click on "My profile." Be sure to click "save" at the bottom of the page to save any changes.
GDC makes every effort to protect its databases against loss, theft, unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, unauthorized use or modification. The GDC only allows those of its employees who require access to such information in order to fulfill their obligations; not every executive member or employee of the GDC has or can have access to our databases or Members' personal information. For security purposes we employ software programs to monitor traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, to screen our system for viruses, or otherwise cause damage to our database.
Occasionally we allow sponsors or other organizations a one-time use of our mailing list for promotions of interest to members. When paying membership invoices, Members may opt in or out of the GDC providing affiliated associations and sponsors with member contact information and acknowledge that the GDC Privacy Policy and other related policies only apply to GDC and not these other associations. As such, Members have complete control over which third parties receive or have access to their personal information.
We may share anonymous, aggregate demographic or transactional information with advertisers and other third parties so that they can tailor their advertisements and communications to the appropriate audience, as well as with our business partners to tailor our services to better suit our customer profile.
Members may choose to post their portfolios and information about their businesses on the website on a voluntary basis, but posting such information is not mandatory with respect to the membership.
Applying to GDC for an Employment or Contractor position.
By applying to GDC for any position, including posted opportunities and unsolicited applications, applicants consent to the collection, use and necessary disclosure of the personal information provided during the application and selection processes.
We collect your personal information in this process in order to assess your qualifications and suitability as a potential employee or contractor of GDC. This information will be reviewed by GDC executive with hiring-related duties. In addition, it will become part of GDC's database of candidates, which we may search to locate qualified candidates for specific positions as they arise.
Should you accept employment with GDC, your personal information will be disclosed to third party insurers and providers of employee benefits; to Canadian and/or United States governmental authorities including the Canada Customs and Revenue Agency and to the Internal Revenue Service; to consultants advising GDC on employment, benefits and pension issues; to other GDC employees in human resources, payroll, or in management positions, and to our legal counsel if relevant in legal matters.
If you do not accept a position with GDC, GDC may retain your personal information in our database for up to (1) year. You have the right to correct, update or delete your personal information in and from our database at any time before accepting employment with GDC. To delete your personal information from our database, please send a request to the e-mail address below.
If you do accept a position with GDC, GDC will ask you for and retain personal information throughout your employment and for at least ten (10) years following the termination of your employment for any reason. Throughout that period, you have the right to request correction of any errors in the personal information in GDC's possession.
We do not sell, rent, or provide your personal information collected through the application, recruitment and employment processes to any third party, although it may be passed on to a third party in the event of a transfer of ownership or assets, or a bankruptcy, of GDC.
GDC uses Google Analytics and Google Analytics Demographics data, and Interest Reports with contain age, gender, and interest data so that we can better understand who uses the GDC websites. To opt-out of this using Google's opt-out tool, click here.
©2020 Society of Graphic Designers of Canada.
All rights reserved.
GDC®, CGD™, Society of Graphic Designers of Canada, and all associated logos are trade-marks of the Society of Graphic Designers of Canada. Privacy Policy
Arts Court, 2 Daly Avenue, Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, K1N 6E2
Toll Free: 1-877-496-4453
Local: +1 613-567-5400
Fax: +1 613 564-4428
Contact Us