http://www.kingsmen.org.uk/policies
01548 856528 enquiries@kingsmen.org.ukPoliciesSubtitle to be added ...
Corporate Matters - Policies
The Kingsbridge Barbershop Harmony Club subscribe to and are signatories of the BABS Child & Vulnerable Adult, Data protection and the Equality & Diversity Policies.
BABS Child & Vulnerable AdultDownload PDF
Data ProtectionDownload PDF
Equality and DiversityDownload PDF
We are proud members of the British Association of Barbershop Singers.
Share Us
We can often be found singing in the Crabshell inn after rehearsals on Wednesdays.
St Austell Brewery sponsors The Kingsmen
Guest Book
I would like to say how much my wife and I enjoyed your performance at Buckland Tout Saints on Christmas Eve. It perfectly set the scene for what was a marvellous break....					Read More
Steve
Hi There I would just like to say i had the Pleasure of Meeting 4Kandles at Harmony College...Great Great Performance and a Superb Bunch of Guys.. Thank you to Greg for the great...					Read More
Mark Connelly
Thank you so much for the Christmas CD, my 91 year old dad and I have been singing along this morning!...					Read More
Anita Hyde
Have missed listening to you, will try and catch up again soon, when I can get over i'll check out your diary to find where you are singing....					Read More
Lilian
16 of the Kingsmen singers performed at the Central Church Torquay mens breakfast and we were very impressed with the quality of the singing and harmonies - and they are even nice...					Read More
Steve Norman
Information
About Us
What's On Join
Gallery
Videos
Sound Bites
Blog
Archive
Subscribe to our Newsletter
Get in Touch
Evangelical Church,Fore Street,Kingsbridge.TQ7 1PG
Wednesdays from 7:30pm to 10pm
01548 856528
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Contact Form
Main Menu
Home About What's On Media Gallery Videos Sound Bites Blog Archive Guest Book Quartets Book / Contact Members/Join
facebook
We use non-obtrusive cookies to track website usage, and to improve your experience. For more information, please confirm that you agree to our privacy policy.I agree and have read the privacy policy