http://www.bispiral.com/en/bispiral-websites-rules-and-privacy-protection.php
Home | About Us
Bispiral websites rules, privacy protection and use of cookies
These are the principles of privacy protection, use of cookies and terms of use for Web sites operated by Bispiral, s.r.o., company. Further information about the rules can be found on some of our websites.
Use of Cookies
We use cookies - as well as many other Web sites - to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Cookies are tiny files that are now a standard used on many Web sites. These small files are saved on your computer by your internet browser at the request of our sites. Cookies are used for analytical and statistical purposes, but also for the implementation of certain functions of the sites, for example for user accounts functions. Our websites also use third-party services that also use cookies. These are mainly Google Analytics analytics service, Google AdSense advertising system, Facebook and Seznam Sklik ad system. These services use cookies for analytical purposes and to personalize their ads. More detailed information about how they use cookies can be found on their Web sites (Google, Facebook, Seznam). If you disagree with storing cookies and you still want to visit our sites, set your browser appropriately - not to save cookies here. Also, you can delete all cookies already stored by your browser. If you disable cookies in your browser, some features of our websites may not work properly.
Please see the following detailed information contained in our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Privacy Policy
1. We respect your privacy. Any personal information you provide to us including and similar to your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address are not released, sold, or rented to any entities or individuals outside of our web-sites. We have a strict anti-spam policy: We do not send you any emails, unless you subscribe to receive email updates. We never ask for your credit card details - please do not enter it anywhere on our pages. If payment is necessarry to get any of our products you can pay using trustworthy third-party web-sites, like Kagi or PayPal.
2. We are not responsible for the content of external websites linked from our pages. We advise you to read the privacy policy of these external sites before you disclose any personal information.
3. We use our own and third-party analytical software and services for statistical purposes. For these purpose some basic information about your connection (like IP address, browser, screen resolution) are captured. These information are used only for statistical purpose and we do not share them with any other third party. These information have only technical character and we do not connect them with any personal information. If you do not agree with capturing of these information you are able to set high level of privacy in your web-browser to disallow the browser to share these information or you can use special internet services to make your connection anonymous.
4. We use our own and third-party advertising software and services on our pages. To serve you the most relevant ads some information about our page content and about your connection may be captured. For our web-pages where Google AdSense advertising system is used please read these information from the system provider: "Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on the site. Google uses the DART cookie - it enables Google to serve ads to users based on their visit to other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie. Just visit the Google ad and content network privacy policy." If you do not agree with capturing of these information please keep in your mind what was mentioned above (3).
Terms of use
1. We pay all reasonable efforts to ensure the functionality of Web sites operated by us and the accuracy of their content. But we don't provide any guarantees regarding the functionality of the web sites or their content. The information provided on the websites are general in nature, specific issues related to health issues, etc. must always be discussed with an appropriate specialist. For any specific use of the information the user has the full responsibility.
2. The site operated by us may links to third party Web sites, for which we bear no responsibility.
3. Copyright to the content published on our websites is owned by the publisher. Any publication or dissemination of the contents or parts thereof in any manner in any language is prohibited without the prior written permission of the publisher. This does not apply to content that is marked and published under a license that permits the publication.
4. Some of our web pages also contain the content of its users. Inserting the contents users agree that the content may be published of the website and on our partner sites or publications as well. For the user content the users are responsible. The publisher has the right to delete any content that is in contrary to law or morality.
5. Some of our Web pages may also contain appropriately designated third party content licensed under different terms. This content is used in accordance with the relevant licensing conditions.
Bispiral, s.r.o. Last update: August 12th 2015
Bispiral Projects
3DJournal: Web magazine about 3D photography and 3D video.
MapsGuides: Travel Guide that provides practical information on selected countries, including price levels, means of transport and accommodation or typical weather conditions in different periods.
eBookMaps: Web-site with eBooks containing maps of many cities of the World. The eBooks are in epub and mobi format and are free to download.
GameStylus: On-line project, where anyone can easily create an adventure game, educational application or interactive animation for tablets and smartphones running Android OS.
EditTrip: An on-line tool for planning holidays and other trips. With plenty of useful tools for travelers.
TakeMaps: No-frills web pages that offer a really quick and convenient way to print any map. There are many choices, it is for example possible to set the orientation and paper size, layout or printing on multiple pages.
GuidesEbooks: a project to simplify creating of travel guides as e-books. The project is an interface to WikiVoyage project - any guide to any country of the World is just three clicks away.
TodosMapas: Portuguese version of MapParade, where users can switch among Google Maps, Nokia Maps, BingMaps and MapQuest. Weather, Bike trails, Traffic and other information are also shown there.
AskMaps: Now with new look, older (from 2001) but still popular project offering maps for printing; with good links to many city maps and tips for smartphone maps.
iWorldAtlas: World Atlas with information about countries and with the free World Atlas ebook for download.
UsualWeather: Overview of typical weather in all countries of the world. It's a great tool for your holiday planning.
WebRegent: Articles on Web sites offering free visibility mainly to new projects - about English speaking pages and for English speaking users.
FreeWiFiHotel: List of hotels that offer free Internet access.
BusinessIT: Business IT Magazine for Top Management and IT Professionals - focused primarily on detailed analysis of selected IT topics. Published in close cooperation with Best Online Media and Brave New Media.
OnBusiness: Magazine focused on economy, business and investment.
JaRodic: Web Magazine for Parents (Czech language).
Slasti: Web magazine (Czech language) of travel, good food, electronic toys, fashion, cars ... just about everything that makes life worthwile.
NajduRecept: Search engine for recipes, it searches by title and ingredients (Czech language).
Dlouhodoba: Long-term weather forecast for the CR using data from different sources (Czech language).
©2011-2020 Bispiral, s.r.o.Operator: Bispiral, s.r.o. | About Bispiral, s.r.o. | Website rules and Privacy Protection