https://www.roundtowers.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to Main Content
Privacy Policy
At Round Tower Churches Society we are committed to safeguarding and preserving the privacy of our visitors.This Privacy Policy explains what happens to any personal data that you provide to us, or that we collect from you whilst you visit our site.We do update this Policy from time to time so please do review this Policy regularly.
Information We CollectIn running and maintaining our website we may collect and process the following data about you:1. Information about your use of our site including details of your visits such as pages viewed and the resources that you access. Such information includes traffic data, location data and other communication data.2. Information provided voluntarily by you. For example, when you register for information or make a purchase.3. Information that you provide when you communicate with us by any means.
Use of Cookies
Cookies provide information regarding the computer used by a visitor. We may use cookies where appropriate to gather information about your computer fin order to assist us in improving our website.We may gather information about your general internet use by using the cookie. Where used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer and stored on the computer’s hard drive. Such information will not identify you personally. It is statistical data. This statistical data does not identify any personal details whatsoeverYou can adjust the settings on your computer to decline any cookies if you wish. This can easily be done by activating the reject cookies setting on your computer.Our advertisers may also use cookies, over which we have no control. Such cookies (if used) would be downloaded once you click on advertisements on our website.
Use of Your InformationWe use the information that we collect from you to provide our services to you. In addition to this we may use the information for one or more of the following purposes:1. To provide information to you that you request from us relating to our products or services.2. To provide information to you relating to other products that may be of interest to you. Such additional information will only be provided where you have consented to receive such information.3. To inform you of any changes to our website, services or goods and products.If you have previously purchased goods or services from us we may provide to you details of similar goods or services, or other goods and services, that you may be interested in.Where your consent has been provided in advance we may allow selected third parties to use your data to enable them to provide you with information regarding unrelated goods and services which we believe may interest you. Where such consent has been provided it can be withdrawn by you at any time.
Contacting UsPlease do not hesitate to contact us regarding any matter relating to this Privacy Policy at michaelbpollitt@btinternet.com.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.