https://www.pembrokeshirecoast.wales/terms-conditions/
Jump to Main content
Highlight Links
High contrast Mode
Readable Fonts
Greyscale Mode
Invert Mode
XClose this tab
Search for:
Search
Privacy Policy
By entering details such as your name and email address in the fields requested, you enable the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park Authority and its service providers to provide you with the services you select. Whenever you provide such personal information, we will treat that information in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Cookies
Changes in the law mean that from 26 May 2018, we need your permission to save cookies on your machine. Please read our Cookie Policy for further details.
What you are allowed to do
You may print off copies of any individual page for your own personal use or for educational purposes. This includes making copies solely for the purpose of storing the same into a cache memory or copies made when the file is downloaded, as long as you do not do any of the things detailed under “What you are not allowed to do”.
What you are not allowed to do
Copy (whether by printing onto paper, storing on disk or any other way), distribute (including distributing copies), tamper with or alter in any way or otherwise use any material contained in this website except as set out above in “What you are allowed to do”.
Copy any material from this website for any other commercial purpose.
Remove any copyright, trademark or other intellectual property notices or watermark contained in the original material or from any material copied or printed from the website.
Use the website for any activities that breach any laws, infringe any other parties rights, or breach any standards, content requirements or codes published by any relevant authority.
Use the site in any way that interferes with our systems, other users or harasses, menaces or harms anyone. You will indemnify us from and against all actions, claims, suits, demands, liabilities, costs or expenses arising out of, or in any way connected with, use of the site by you or any other person.
Use the site to make any speculative, false or fraudulent reservation or any reservation in anticipation of demand.
Ownership, Copyrights and Trademarks
This website consists of images, texts, formats and styles of presentation, software (including HTML code) and material analogous to it (“Material”). All copyright and other moral, ownership and intellectual property rights capable of subsisting in the Material or derivatives of it from time to time is either owned exclusively by or is licensed to the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park Authority.
You acknowledge our rights to the Material. Save as provided elsewhere in these Terms you must not copy, modify, manipulate, transmit, perform, publish, display license or create derivative works from Material accessed through this website. Where copying or transmission is expressly permitted, you must display any author attribution or copyright notice.
This website also contains certain trademarks (whether granted or applied for), graphics, logos and service names (“Devices”). The Devices may not be copied or reproduced in any format (save as provided elsewhere in the Terms), or used in connection with any product or service without Pembrokeshire Coast National Park Authority consent or in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among the public, disparages or discredits Pembrokeshire Coast National Park Authority or a subsidiary. All other trademarks not owned by Pembrokeshire Coast National Park Authority or its affiliates that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Pembrokeshire Coast National Park Authority or its affiliates.
Changes to these Terms and Conditions
We may at any time change or modify all or any part of these Terms. By browsing this website you are accepting that you are bound by the terms and conditions and disclaimer current at that time, so you should check these each time you visit the site.
Liability Disclaimer
We have taken reasonable steps to ensure the information provided by us on this website is accurate at the time you view it. However, we cannot and have not checked the accuracy of all information provided by outside sources or by the providers of other information or of other parties linked to or from the website.
All such information is provided in good faith and the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park Authority excludes liability for any errors, omissions or misleading information (unless made recklessly or fraudulently) to the maximum extent permitted by law, together with all implied warranties in connection with such information.
This website contains hyperlinks to other websites i.e. sites published by parties other than Pembrokeshire Coast National Park Authority. Such hyperlinks are provided for your reference only. The Pembrokeshire Coast National Park Authority does not operate such sites and is therefore not responsible for their content. Furthermore, our inclusion of the hyperlinks does not imply any endorsement of material on such websites or any association with their operators.
If you wish to frame all or any part of this website, you need our consent in writing. Please contact the Authority by emailing info@pembrokeshirecoast.org.uk.
We make no warranty or representation relating to the availability of this website and have no liability to you should this website become unavailable to you for any reason.
In no circumstances shall the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park Authority be liable for any injury, loss, claim, damage or any incidental or consequential damages, including but not limited to loss of profits or savings, arising out of, or in any way connected with, the use of any data or information services displayed on this site. This shall not apply to direct personal injury or death.
The use of this website and these Terms shall be subject to the laws of Wales and the jurisdiction of the Welsh courts.
If any of these terms are determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by reason of the laws of any state or country in which these terms are intended to be effective, then to the extent and within the jurisdiction in which that term is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted from these terms and the remaining terms shall survive, remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable.
View our Privacy policy
View Cookie Policy
Contact Us
About the National Park
The Pembrokeshire Coast isn’t what you might usually expect from a National Park. It's split into four parts, each one with its own quirks and qualities.
Read more
Get In Touch
Contact us and register your details to get the latest updates on what's happening in the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park.
Contact Us
Cookie Policy
To help us make this website better, the cookie settings are set to ‘allow all cookies’. If you continue without changing these settings, you consent to this – for more information and to change this at any time, see our cookie policy and privacy policy.
I understand
View Basket
Checkout
Continue Shopping