http://www.whatgoeson.com/help/privacy-statement.html
Getting Better All The Time...
Latest Beatles News
News Channels
News Tags
Beatles News Blog
Front Page
The Beatles
Paul McCartney
John Lennon
George Harrison
Ringo Starr
Rock and Roll
McCartney III
Coronavirus News
Flaming Pie Deluxe Edition
Beatles At The Ridge 2019
2018 Beatles At The Ridge Festival
2018 Liverpool International BeatleWeek
In Memorium
Major BBC Radio series salutes Beatles and Python pal Neil Innes
Publishing in the time of pandemic:
Bruce Spizer's new Beatles book
Beatles DJ Ken Michaels hits milestone of 2000 shows
Beatles fans can now enter Strawberry Fields
2019 BeatleWeek rooftop concert rocks Liverpool
Beatles expert Bruce Spizer to release new book at Beatles at the Ridge
More Beatles News Blog »
Official BeatlesNews.com Privacy Statement
1. Personal Information
The BeatlesNews.com website does not collect any personal data about its users.
Previously, BeatlesNews.com allowed users to sign up for a daily Beatles News alert, and the email address of each user who signed up for the Beatles News Alert was
kept on our system to allow us to send them daily news update emails. Email addresses of News Alert users were never sold or otherwise
disclosed to any outside party. The Beatles News Alert email feature is no longer offered by this site, and we no longer maintain or have access to the email address data
that was associated with it.
2. Information Disclosure
As most other websites do, we collect and use the data contained in log files to measure how often our site is visited.
The information in the log files may include your IP
address (usually that of your internet service
provider), the type of browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited and which pages of our site were viewed.
This site does not collect personal information about visitors to the site in any way. In addition, we never sell or otherwise disclose web site usage statistics to any outside party.
3. Use of Cookies
BeatlesNews.com may sometimes employ cookies to facilitate the operation of special features of the system.
A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies are not harmful or dangerous, they cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer, or divulge information about you against
your wishes. If they desire, each user can disable cookies in their own browser, doing so will not adversely affect the usage of our site, other than allowing special features that use them to function correctly.
Currently, BeatlesNews.com sets a cookie to facilitate a function that prevents some promotional content from being repeated.
4. Third-Party Cookies
BeatlesNews.com uses third-party ad companies, including Amazon and eBay,
to display ads on our site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your
visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
BeatlesNews.com has no control over these third-party cookies, and we do not have
access to the information they may collect.
This Privacy Statement was last updated January 27, 2016
Search
for recent news articles containing:
• John Lennon fans gather at Central Park's Strawberry Fields
• Yoko Ono, Paul McCartney, Ringo Starr Mark remember John Lennon
• John Lennon: I was there the day he died
• Author revisits his three weeks with John Lennon 40 years later
• Paul McCartney says new film proves Beatles split wasn't his fault
• Rare picture of Beatles in 1958 unearthed by Paul McCartney's brother
>More News...
Front Page  The Beatles  Paul McCartney  John Lennon  George Harrison  Ringo Starr  Rock and RollHome  Search News  Beatle News Blog  News Features  Submit News Tip  Contact Us
Original Content Copyright © 2002-2020 Adam Forrest, All Rights Reserved