http://www.rescuerooms.com/venue-info/31-privacy
By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link.
Accept Cookies
Search...
Rescue Rooms hotline0115 828 3173
Gig GuideClub nightsBar & FoodBlogMailing ListVenue InfoCompetitionsContact
TIM BURGESS
23rd Apr
VENOM PRISON
24th Oct
PIERCE BROTHERS
25th Jan
NUBIYAN TWIST
22nd Sep
DARWIN DEEZ (Rescheduled from April)
15th Mar
BAD SOUNDS
3rd Jun
BEAT THE STREETS 2021
31st Jan
GONG
13th May
BEABADOOBEE
10th Sep
You are here: Home / Venue Info / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We take your privacy very seriously
Rescue Rooms Privacy Policy
At Rescue Rooms we love welcoming you for some of the best gigs, club nights and festivals that Nottingham has to offer. Obviously, we don’t want you to miss out on anything so we like to keep in touch by dropping super exciting updates straight in your inbox to save you the work of having to keep an eye out yourself. In order to do this, Rescue Rooms and other divisions of Daybrook House Promotions (hereafter referred to as ‘DHP Family’, ‘we’, ‘our’ or ‘us’) collect bits of information from you and we do this in a variety of ways to make sure you only hear about things that you’re interested in. This privacy policy will explain the types of information we collect and what this information will be used for. If you are unsure about anything in this policy, would like any point explaining further,please email us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
.
Just in case you’re not aware, divisions or divisions of DHP Family are: - DHP Family (National Live Music Promoter, promoting loads of gigs from tiny bars to stadiums) -alt.tickets (our super useful ticketing platform where you can set ticket reminders and join the waiting list for tickets for all the shows at Rescue Rooms) - Rock City, Stealth and The Bodega (Our sister venues in our hometown!) - Splendour in Nottingham, Dot To Dot, Mirrors, Everywhere, Hit The Deck and Beat The Streets (our awesome music festivals) - Oslo Hackney, The Borderline, The Garage and Thousand Island (our newest music venues in London) - Women In Music (our exciting new event to address the gender imbalance in the music industry) - Thekla (the big boat on the water in Bristol!)
UPDATE: If you are visiting the bar, we will pass your contact information, as well as dates and times of your visit to NHS Test & Trace or Public Health departments as and when required. Whether you booked in advance via alt. tickets or you’re the spontaneous type to just turn up, we’ll only share your details when requested to by the NHS T&T team.
Below we have outlined the ways in which we collect your information:
·       When you buy a ticket to any event at Rescue Rooms
·       If you sign up to the Rescue Rooms mailing list via our website or on social media
·       If you respond to a promotion or enter a competition
·       If you visit the Rescue Rooms website
·       When you log in to the WiFi
·       If you contact us directly via email or on the telephone
What information we collect
Why
How long do we keep this for?
Your Name (First & Last)
We’re all friends here and it’s important to us that we address you like a friend so you can have a pleasant and personal experience with us, we can’t do that without your name.
We’ll keep this for up to 8 years after your last interaction with us. That interaction could be by booking a ticket, signing up to our mailing list or sending us an email.
Address
As we mentioned above, we’ve got lots of great venues and festivals outside the Nottingham and we promote shows all over the country so we use your postcode to keep you up to date on exciting things we may be working on near you (but only if you’ve asked us to let you know).
To make your ticket buying experience easier, we’ll save your address if you’ve booked tickets with us before. We’ll keep this for no longer than 8 years, at which point we’ll ask you to update your information and let us know you’re still happy for us to use this.
If you’ve given us your address for a competition, we’ll use this to send you your prize and then delete the info.
IP Address & Device type.
Like most companies we have Cookies installed on our website so that we can track visitors (this is just a small piece of code inserted into a website’s HTML). We use Cookies to target adverts at people online who have visited our website. For more information on this, you can see our Cookies policy here. We also can see information such as the device you use to access our website, and this helps to inform us on how to provide the best customer experience for you.
You can clear your Cookies at any point and details of how to do this are on our Cookies policy.
Email address
We use your email address to send all the important information for shows you have booked tickets for, for example, if there’s a cancellation or change in door time. If you have opted in to receive marketing emails from us then we’ll also use it to keep you up to date with everything going on at Rescue Rooms. You can opt out of these emails by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ button at the bottom of any email we send you or by emailing or writing to us with your details.
We’ll keep this for up to 8 years after your last interaction with us. That interaction could be by booking a ticket, signing up to our mailing list or sending us an email.
Mobile number
To send you reminders about upcoming events & gigs you have tickets for at our venue (we’ll only do this if you have requested this information) or to send you information you might like to know about a gig (eg. Set Times). Please note we have to pass your mobile number on to an external company who send out text messages on our behalf.
On sale and waiting list reminders sent via text are used one-time only unless you have opted in to receive further communication from us.
Date of birth
This is to help us get a better understanding of our audience and to send you information about the gigs we think you’ll like.
By signing up to our mailing list or buying a ticket you’re confirming that you are over 13. If this is not the case, please email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
to have your details removed. We also use your D.O.B to make sure we’re not sending you any promotions related to alcohol if you’re under 18.
As your D.O.B stays the same we’ll hold this information for as long as you’re opted in to our mailing lists (we’ll check in with you regularly to see that you still want to be on our database).
Musical interests
The reason you’re here in the first place! This information is important so that we can keep you up to date on the events that matter most to you.
We realise people’s interests change regularly, we’ll keep this information on file for 8 years, but you can update your preferences at any time by getting in contact here with your name, email address and changes in preference.
CCTV Images and audio recordings
To assist in keeping members of the public, visitors, employees and contractors safe whilst on our premises.
To help reduce crime and disorder on DHP Family premises
To improve crime detection and provide evidence in legal claims or prosecutions
DHP Family has several different CCTV systems in it premises which all have a recording function which records over existing data when the storage is full. These systems are set up to record data for a minimum of 31 days in normal circumstances. Data on the CCTV systems will be deleted after 3 months if not already over written by the normal function of the CCTV system. Copies may be made of CCTV recordings and kept for 3 years when part of legal proceedings or where we have reasonable grounds to expect the will form part of legal proceedings.
Accident Records
We have a legal duty to record accidents and accident records form part of the information gathered by DHP Family.
We use accident anonymised data to monitor safety performance within DHP Family operations.
We keep these records for 8 years.
We will remove personal information from records after 8 years. We will use anonymised data indefinitely or until it is no longer used in monitoring safety to the company.
We work hard to deliver great concerts, festivals and club nights, so from time to time we might also contact you for market research purposes to help us achieve this. We respect your privacy and will never share your information with third parties unless you give your consent.
Your rights
You have lots of important rights in regard to your data, they’re important to us too. You can get to grips with them below.
-        The right to be informed about how your data is used and collected – hopefully we’ve explained ourselves well enough here but if you have any further questions then please give us a shout.
-        The right to request what personal information we have on file - you can request this by getting in touch with us here, please note it takes a little while to pull this together but we’ll be as quick as we can and will make sure we get it over to you no later than one month after requested.
-        The right to make sure your information is correct and up to date - if you want to update any of your information, including your marketing preferences, you can email us and we’ll update this within a month.
-        The right to ask us to move your data to another company in a safe and secure way.
If you decide that you are no longer interested in our news and updates you can opt out at any time by clicking the ‘Unsubscribe’ button at the bottom of any of the emails you get from us, or by getting in touch with us directly via email or through the post. Our contact details are below or on the contact page of our website here. We’ll be as quick as we can but please note it can take up to a month from when we receive your message to get you unsubscribed.
If you’d like to part ways for good, it will be a shame to see you go but we respect your decision (don’t worry you’ll be welcome back any time). We can delete all the data we hold on you and sever all ties, just get in touch with us to let us know but don’t forget to include your name, address, and/or email address when you contact us.
Please note that if you joined our mailing list by booking a ticket through alt.tickets, for any DHP Family promoted event or for one of our venues before 25th May 2018, we have a legitimate interest in continuing to send you marketing emails. We have conducted a legitimate interest assessment for this data. You’re able to opt out of these emails at any time by clicking the link on any of our emails or by contacting our data protection officer at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Contact Us
If you have any questions related to this privacy policy, your rights or need information on your data then don’t hesitate to get in contact with us via post using the addresses below, via telephone using the numbers below or via the contact page on our website here.
Nottingham:
The Wallis Building, Plumptre Place Nottingham, NG1 1LW 01159 415840
Email the Data Protection Officer (This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
)
The Rescue Rooms, Masonic Place, Goldsmith Street, Nottingham, NG1 5JTGetting a gig: contact us | Jobs/lost property: contact usInformation line: 0115 828 3173 | Ticket enquiries: 0115 896 4456
Web design by Cite