http://www.scvfa.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicySTG-admin2020-08-25T12:53:03-07:00
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Santa Clara Valley Fiddlers Association website. On some pages, you can pay for membership fees via PayPal. The types of personal information collected at that page are:
Name
Address
E-mail address
Phone number
Primary Member Name
Household Membership: number of people included in the Household Membership
How We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order and to maintain membership record.
We use return e-mail addresses to answer the e-mail we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
How to Access or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by emailing support@fiddlers.org. To protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information. You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
How to Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please send us an .
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
© Copyright 1973-2020. Santa Clara Valley Fiddlers Association. All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy