http://www.wnax.com/privacy-policy/
Listen Live
Search
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Tunein
Amazon
Home » Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
1.1   We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors and service users. This website (the “Site”) is owned and operated by Saga Communications, Inc. and/or one of its affiliated companies (collectively “Saga”). Saga has created this Privacy Policy to demonstrate its commitment to user privacy and online data security, and to communicate its online information gathering, use and dissemination practices for users of this Site. We encourage users to take time to read and understand this Privacy Policy, and to contact us if you have any questions or concerns with this Privacy Policy or anything you see or experience on this Site.
1.2   This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the terms of the “Terms of Use” for this Site. This Privacy Policy will fully disclose our policy about the collection, maintenance, use, disclosure, and security of personally identifiable information obtained from users of the Site.
1.3   This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of our website visitors and service users; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
1.4   We use cookies on our website. Insofar as those cookies are not strictly necessary for the provision of our website and services, we will ask you to consent to our use of cookies when you first visit our website.
1.5   Saga’s obligations under this Privacy Policy do not apply to any information or data that:
is not identifiable as yours;
is or becomes entirely in the public domain;
was known to Saga prior to its access to the information or data;
received lawfully from a third party through no breach of any obligation of confidentiality owed to you; and/or
created by Saga independently of its access to or use of your Identifiable Information.
1.6   In this policy, “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Saga Communications, Inc. and/or any one of its affiliated companies or subsidiaries. For more information about us, see Section 11.
2. How we use your personal data
2.1   In this Section 2 we have set out:
the general categories of personal data that we may process;
in the case of personal data that we did not obtain directly from you, the source and specific categories of that data;
the purposes for which we may process personal data; and
the legal bases of the processing.
2.2   We may process data about your use of our website and services (“usage data”). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is our analytics tracking system. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analyzing the historical use of the website and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website and services.
2.3   We may process your account data (“account data”). The account data may include your name and email address. The source of the account data is you. The account data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.
2.4   We may process your information included in your personal profile on our website (“profile data”). The profile data may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, pictures, gender, date of birth, relationship status, interests and hobbies, educational details and employment details. The profile data may be processed for the purposes of enabling and monitoring your use of our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.
2.5   We may process information that you post for publication on our website or through our services (“publication data”). The publication data may be processed for the purposes of enabling such publication and administering our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.
2.7   We may process information contained in any inquiry you submit to us regarding goods and/or services (“inquiry data”). The inquiry data may be processed for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling relevant goods and/or services to you. The legal basis for this processing is consent.
2.8   We may process information relating to our customer relationships, including customer contact information (“customer relationship data”). The customer relationship data may include your name, your employer, your job title or role, your contact details, and information contained in communications between us and you or your employer. The source of the customer relationship data is you or your employer. The customer relationship data may be processed for the purposes of managing our relationships with customers, communicating with customers, keeping records of those communications and promoting our products and services to customers. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper management of our customer relationships.
2.9   We may process information relating to transactions, including purchases of goods and services, that you enter into with us and/or through our website (“transaction data”). The transaction data may include your contact details, your card details and the transaction details. The transaction data may be processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract and our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.
2.10   We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters (“notification data”). The notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters. The legal basis for this processing is consent OR the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
2.11   We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us (“correspondence data”). The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. Our website will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the website contact forms. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business and communications with users.
2.12   We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.
2.13   We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper protection of our business against risks.
2.14   In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section 2, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
2.15   Please do not supply any other person’s personal data to us, unless we prompt you to do so.
3. Providing your personal data to others
3.1   We may disclose your personal data to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this policy. Information about our group of companies can be found at http://sagacom.com/.
3.2   We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
3.3   We may disclose your personal data to suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for those entities to fulfill data collection and/or processing services on our behalf.
3.4   Financial transactions relating to [our website and services are handled by our payment services providers, Nimble Commerce, NeoFill, WooCommerce, CitySpark, events.com, and others. [identify other PSPs]. We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds. You can find information about the payment services providers’ privacy policies and practices via these links:
Nimble Commerce: https://www.nimblecommerce.com/privacyPolicy
NeoFill: https://neofill.com/privacy-policy/
WooCommerce: https://woocommerce.com/privacy-policy/
CitySpark: http://www.cityspark.com/privacy-policy/
events.com: https://events.com/privacy/
3.5   We may disclose your personal data to one or more of those selected third party suppliers of goods and services identified on our website for the purpose of enabling them to contact you so that they can offer, market and sell to you relevant goods and/or services. Each such third party will act as a data controller in relation to the enquiry data that we supply to it; and upon contacting you, each such third party will supply to you a copy of its own privacy policy, which will govern that third party’s use of your personal data.
3.6   In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section 3, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
3.7   You acknowledge that personal data that you submit for publication through our website or services may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use (or misuse) of such personal data by others.
4. Retaining and deleting personal data
4.1   This Section 4 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
4.2   Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
4.3   We will retain your personal data for an indefinite period of time until it is no longer necessary to retain for any practical or business purposes, until it is unlawful to retain, or you request that your personal data be deleted from our records.
4.4   Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 4, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
5. Amendments
5.1   We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
5.2   You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
5.3   We may notify you of significant changes to this policy by email.
6. Your rights
6.1   In this Section 6, we have summarized the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
6.2   Your principal rights under data protection law are:
the right to access;
the right to rectification;
the right to erasure;
the right to restrict processing;
the right to object to processing;
the right to data portability;
the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
the right to withdraw consent.
6.3   You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data. The first copy will be provided free of charge, but additional copies may be subject to a reasonable fee.
6.4   You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
6.5   In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the personal data have been unlawfully processed. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
6.6   In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.
6.7   You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
6.8   You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose.
6.9   You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
6.10   To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is:
consent; or
that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract, and such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
6.11   If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
6.12   To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
6.13   You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by sending written notice to us at interactive@sagacom.com. Subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy, Saga Communications, Inc. will return your Identifiable Information, and all copies thereof, within a reasonable time after your request. However, Saga may retain one (1) copy of all of your Identifiable Information solely for its own record keeping purposes. Saga Communications, Inc. will have no obligation or responsibility to return or provide any unidentifiable information to you.
7. About cookies
7.1   A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
7.2   Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
7.3   Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
8. Cookies that we use
8.1   We use cookies for the following purposes:
personalization – we use cookies to store information about your preferences and to personalize the website for you (cookies used for this purpose are: Facebook Connect, Facebook Social Plugins);
advertising – we use cookies to help us to display advertisements that will be relevant to you (cookies that may be used for this purpose are: OpenX, DoubleClick, ShareThis, Lotame, BlueKai, AppNexus, eXelate, LiveRamp, DataXu, Krux Digital, AdGear, Aggregate Knowledge, MediaMath, Quantcast, Facebook Impressions)
9. Cookies used by our service providers
9.1   Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.
9.2   We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google’s privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/. The relevant cookies are: Google Analytics, GA Audiences.
9.3   We use Wide Orbit as our online audio stream provider. This service uses cookies to make our online streams extensible, personal, social, and profitable. You can view the privacy policy of this service provider at https://www.wideorbit.com/privacy.
10. Managing cookies
10.1   Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome);
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox);
http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera);
https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies (Internet Explorer);
https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari); and
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge).
10.2   Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
10.3   If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
11. Our details
11.1   This website is owned and operated by Saga Communications, Inc.
11.2   Our principal place of business is at:
73 Kercheval Ave.
Grosse Pointe Farms, MI 48236
11.3   You can contact us:
by mail, to the postal address given above;
using our website contact form;
by telephone, at (313) 886-7070 or
by email, using interactive@sagacom.com.