http://www.angloscene.co.uk/privacy-policy.php
DIALOGUE
English UK
Intensive English UK
English Homestay UK
French Belgium
Intensive French Belgium
French Homestay Belgium
French France
Intensive French France
French Homestay France
Spanish
Intensive Spanish Spain
Homestay Spain
German
Intensive German Germany
Homestay Germany
Privacy Policy
At Angloscene Languages, we understand that privacy is an important issue for visitors to this website (http://www.angloscene.co.uk). The following statement is designed to help our visitors understand exactly what information we gather from this website, and how we handle that information once we have collected it.
Information collection and use
Angloscene is the sole owner of any information collected on this website. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to third parties in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Angloscene may collect information from our visitors at several different points and in several different areas on our website.
Browsing
"Cookies" are small text files that a website transfers to a visitor's computer hard disk or web browser for added functionality, or for tracking website usage. We do not use cookies to gather personal information such as a person's name, physical address or
e-mail address. In order to measure the effectiveness of our online presence, Angloscene may use cookies to identify repeat visitors to this website, and to determine the path visitors take on our site. Any information gathered by the use of cookies is compiled on an aggregate, anonymous basis.
Examples include:
How many people visit this website
The pages those people visit on this website
The pathway of those pages visited
External links and websites
This web site may contain links to other external websites. Please be aware that Angloscene is not responsible for the privacy practices of other such websites.
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information thereafter. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website (http://www.angloscene.co.uk).
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Angloscene may, from time to time, make changes to this Privacy Policy. We recommend that visitors to this website re-visit this Privacy Policy on occasion to learn of any new privacy practices or changes to our Privacy Policy.
Copyright Statement
All material on this website is Copyright 2008 Angloscene, unless otherwise stated.
All rights reserved.
Any person is hereby not authorized to print, reproduce and distribute any document and/or asset published by the Angloscene on this web server.
Please note that any product, service, process or technology described in a document on this web server may be subject to other Intellectual Property Rights reserved by Angloscene or any of its partners and not licensed hereunder.
Should you have any queries regarding this Copyright Statement, or any information contained within this website, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Angloscene Intensive Language Courses
Telephone: +44 (0)1233 521028 | E-mail: info@angloscene.co.uk
© Angloscene Languages
1999-2020
Privacy Policy | Disclaimer | English Course | French Course | German Course
| Spanish Course | Booking Conditions