http://www.reddwarf.co.uk/help/index.cfm?category=eggs
Our use of cookies
We use necessary cookies to make our site work. We'd also like to set optional analytics cookies to help us improve it. Saving these settings will set a cookie on your device to remember your preferences.
For more detailed information about the cookies we used, see our Privacy Policy.
Necessary cookies
Necessary cookies enable core functionality such as security and site preferences. You may disable these by changing your browser settings, but this may affect how the website functions.
Analytics cookies
We'd like to set Google Analytics cookies to help us to improve our website by collecting and reporting information on how you use it. For more information on how these cookies work, please see our Privacy Policy. The cookies collection information in an anonymous form.
Accept
Save and close
NewsAboutWatchBuyExplore
FeaturesComplete GuideSpace Corps DatabaseGallery
Beyond
Quarantine CommentariesLockdown TheatreGames & QuizzesLinksFan ClubHelp/FAQ
The Show
The ShowOther MediaGetting InvolvedTheories & ContinuityEaster Eggs
QWill there be a Red Dwarf XIII?
AWe certainly hope so! Following the success of the most recent series on Dave, new episodes of Red Dwarf are something that all parties have a keen interest in making happen. As always with the world of TV commissioning and production, however, various things have to be worked out and worked through in order to bring it to the screen.
As soon as there's any news on potential new Dwarf, we'll let you know right here on reddwarf.co.uk. Remember, though, that until you see it confirmed by ourselves or Dave/UKTV, any news you may read online about commissioning or filming dates is not official!
QWill new Red Dwarf ever be broadcast in my country?
AAt the time of writing, episodes from the Dave era of the show have been picked up for broadcast in Australia, the Czech Republic and certain PBS affiliates in the USA.
As ever, we'll bring you news on any further international transmissions on this site as soon as we have it. In the meantime, if you are interested in seeing networks in your country license and broadcast the show, it never hurts to get in touch with them to let them know!
QIs Red Dwarf available on DVD and/or Blu-ray?
AAs of early 2019, every single episode of Red Dwarf is available on both DVD and Blu-ray in the UK (Region 2). The first eight series were released as two- and three-disc sets between 2002 and 2006, including a wealth of extras such as deleted scenes, outtakes, documentaries, cast commentaries, interviews and more. These episodes were also subsequently released on assorted "vanilla" compilation sets, without extra features, titled Just the Shows and All the Shows.
Back to Earth, Series X, Series XI and Series XII all received simultaneous releases on both DVD and Blu-ray. Series X and XI are also available in retailer-exclusive Blu-ray steelbook sets.
The Bodysnatcher Collection is a four-disc DVD set featuring all three "Remastered" series, all-new documentaries and commentaries, plus rare unseen footage. Beat the Geek is an interactive DVD quiz hosted by Holly. Just the Smegs collects the Smeg Ups and Smeg Outs VHS tapes from the 1990s, with additional material.
The latest Red Dwarf home release is The Complete Series I-VIII on Blu-ray. This edition features newly-upscaled versions of the first eight series, along with all of the extras previously available on the individual release sets.
Each individual series release up to and including Series XII is also available in the USA/Canada (Region 1) and Australia (Region 4). These regions have also released some bespoke compilation sets of earlier series. There are also country-specific DVD releases of earlier series in Japan, Spain, Portugal, France, Poland and the Czech Republic.
You can browse our
DVD section to see the full range of Red Dwarf sets available where you are!
QWhy does the new Blu-ray set only contain the first eight series?
AThe new set sees the first eight series, in newly-upscaled and graded HD, released on Blu-ray for the first time. As the series from Back to Earth onwards are already available in this format (having been originally shot in HD), it was not necessary to include them in the new set!
QWill the new Blu-ray set be made available in my country?
AWe very much hope for an international release of the set in various regions, but this will depend on its sales performance in the UK. We'll keep you posted!
QCan I watch Red Dwarf episodes online?
AVarious on-demand platforms offer access to Red Dwarf episodes at different times, for both subscription streaming and download-to-own purchase. Availability varies by region, but keep an eye on our
Watch Red Dwarf section for up-to-date links.
Depending on their most recent broadcast, both "new" and "Classic" episodes of Red Dwarf sometimes appear on the free
UKTV Play on demand service!
QWill the new HD versions be made available for streaming?
AAt present, the new upscaled versions of Red Dwarf I-VIII are exclusive to the Blu-ray set. We'll let you know if this changes in future.
QWhy does this version of Red Dwarf I'm watching feature different music / no audience laughter?
AThe version of
The End made available on streaming platforms such as Netflix features an edit to the background music during George McIntyre's funeral scene. This substitution was made for licensing reasons. The original music appears on all home disc releases of the episode.
The "Copacabana" music played during the post-crash sequence in
Terrorform was only licensed for its original broadcast transmission, and all subsequent releases (from the VHS onwards) have featured a substituted library version.
In 1997, three "Xtended" versions of Series VII episodes
Tikka to Ride,
Ouroboros and
Duct Soup were released on video. Due to Series VII's multi-camera production, its episodes were filmed without a studio audience, and then shown to an audience afterwards to capture the usual laughter track. The "Xtended" editions, however, were not shown to the audience, and so do not feature a laugh track. Some streaming platforms feature these editions rather than the original broadcast versions.
QHow many episodes/series of Red Dwarf are there?
AAs of the end of Series XII, there are 73 episodes of Red Dwarf in total. Series I-VI and X-XII each feature six episodes; Series VII and VIII have eight episodes; and the Back to Earth special is made up of three parts.
Although multi-part stories such as Back to Earth and Back in the Red have been edited together into "Director's Cut" editions for DVD releases, for numbering purposes they should be considered as the individual episodes in which they were originally broadcast.
We're really not fussy about whether you say "series" or "season", but Back to Earth is not officially designated as "Series IX".
Next Section
FOLLOW
Facebook
Twitter
FOLLOW
YouTube
RSS Feed
HELP/FAQS
Got a question about Red Dwarf or this website?
Check out our FAQ section and see if we've got an answer for you!
LEGAL
© 2020 Grant Naylor Productions. All rights reserved.
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy