http://www.richardhawley.co.uk/cookies-policy/
COOKIES POLICY
This cookies policy relates to our website at www.richardhawley.co.uk and/or any of our other related online or mobile products, content and services, such as widgets and applications (collectively, the “Site”).
This cookies policy explains our limited use of cookies in connection with the Site, and forms part of our privacy policy.
ABOUT COOKIES
Cookies are widely used to allow online and mobile sites to function efficiently.
A "cookie" is a small text file that (depending on your browser settings) is deposited on the hard drive of your computer, mobile phone, tablet or other smart device when you visit a site.
The cookie may be sent back to that site when you visit again and may then be used by the server to identify and track your use of the site.
Rejecting and deleting cookies
If you object to the use of cookies on the Site, most browsers can be configured to alert you to their use or to enable you to reject browser-based cookies. Third parties may use certain special types of cookies (such as flash cookies) that cannot be disabled by configuring browsers, although other methods of preventing or managing such cookies may be available to you (such as via the relevant third-party settings panel). You can also delete cookies already stored on your device.
Further information on rejection and deletion of cookies is provided on www.aboutcookies.org. For further information on managing behavioural advertising, please visit www.youronlinechoices.com/uk.
If, however, you decide to disable or delete any cookies, some parts or features of the Site (especially interactive features) may not work properly. Disabling or deleting cookies may also affect your ability to use other online or mobile sites.
Our own cookies
The Site uses certain functional, non-persistent cookies to identify you as you use the Site.
This helps BMG and our third-party service providers to provide you with a good experience when you browse the Site and also allows BMG and our third-party service providers to improve our site.
We use our own cookies in particular
For log-in identification;
For load distribution;
To store your language settings;
To note that information placed on our website has been displayed to you – so that on your next visit to the website it does not need to be displayed again.
We wish to enable you to use our website in a convenient and individual way. These services are based on our legitimate interest on the legal basis of Art. 6 sec. 1 lit. f GDPR. Those cookies do not contain any information that, in itself, personally identifies you and do not provide us with access to the rest of your device. We may, however, associate the information contained in cookies with personal information that you have provided to us separately.
We might introduce further types of cookie and/or similar technology from time to time to improve your experience of the Site.
If we do so, we shall provide details of any such usage on the Site.
If you would like any further information on the cookies that we use, you can contact us at data-protection@bmg.com
We further use cookies and comparable technologies (e.g. web beacons) of partners for analytical and marketing purposes. This is described more precisely in the following sections.
Analytics and marketing
We use technologies to improve our website by analysing user behaviour and user data. This data includes, but is not limited to, IP addresses, time and date of access to our site, device-ID of mobile devices, cookie-ID as well as technical information regarding your device, such as browser and operating system. Such data will be handled exclusively pseudonymous, thus, identifying you directly is not possible. We further use such data for marketing and retargeting purposes.
The legal basis for such processing is Art. 6 sec. 1 lit. f GDPR and represents our legitimate interest to analyse our website’s traffic to improve the user’s experience and to launch data based marketing campaigns. Where you have given consent to our use of cookies for web analytics purposes the legal basis for this processing is Art. 6 sec. 1 lit. a GDPR.
You can opt-out of data processings for analytics and marketing purposes using the opt-out function of the relevant cookie provided below.
Alternatively, you can exercise your objection by making the appropriate settings on http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/, a page that provides bundled possibilities for advertisers to object. The TRUSTe, Inc, 835 Market Street, San Francisco, CA 94103-1905, USA ("TRUSTe") Web site allows opt-out cookies to disable all ads at once or alternatively to set preferences for each provider individually. Please note that after deleting all cookies in your browser or later use of another browser and/or profile, an opt-out cookie must be set again.
Please note that other sites that may be accessible via the Site by clicking on links may also use cookies, over which we have no control.
You should check the privacy and cookies policies posted on the relevant third-party sites for further information on such cookies (including details of how to reject or delete such cookies).
On our Site, we use the following cookies:
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web-analysis service of Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies and similar technologies to analyse and improve our website on the basis of your usage pattern. The data accrued in this context may be transmitted by Google for analysis to a server in the USA and stored there. Should personal data be transmitted to the USA, Google has acceded to the EU-US Privacy Shield. Your IP address will be abbreviated prior to the analysis of usage statistics, however, so that no conclusions can be drawn about your identity. For this purpose, Google Analytics has been extended on our website to include the code “anonymizeIP”, in order to guarantee an anonymised capture of IP addresses.
Google will process the information so gained in order to evaluate your use of the website, to assemble reports on the website activities for the website operators, and to supply further services connected with website use and internet use.
As set out above, you can so configure your browser that it rejects cookies, or you can prevent the capture of the data generated by cookies and relating to your use of our websites (including your IP-address) and the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser add-on provided by Google. As an alternative to the browser-addon or if you browse our website from a mobile device, you can use this opt-out link. This will prevent the data collection of Google Analytics within this website (the opt-out link will only work in this browser and only for this domain). If you delete your cookies in this browser, you have to click on the link again.
You will find more detailed information on this matter in the Privacy Statement of Google Analytics.
Google Adwords Conversion Tracker
Our websites use the AdWords conversion tracking and AdWords remarketing services of Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”). AdWords conversion tracking is used by us to capture specific customer actions (such as clicking on an advertisement, page call-ups, downloads) and to analyse them. We use AdWords Remarketing to display individualised advertising messages to you for our products on partner websites of Google.
For this purpose, both services insert cookies and similar technologies. The data accrued in this context may be transmitted by Google for analysis to a server in the USA and stored there. Should personal data be transmitted to the USA, Google has acceded to the EU-US Privacy Shield.
If you use a Google account, Google may – depending on the settings saved in your Google account – link your web and app browser history with your Google account and use information from your Google account in order to personalise advertisements. If you do not wish for this allocation to the Google account, it will be necessary for you to log out before calling up our contact page at Google.
As set out above, you can so configure your browser that it rejects cookies. Additionally, in the cookie settings of Google’s Privacy Statement, you can prevent Google cookies from being used for advertising purposes.
You can find more detailed information on this matter in Google’s Privacy Statement.
Google Double Click
Our website uses DoubleClick by Google, a service of Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google"). DoubleClick uses cookies and similar technologies to serve ads relevant to you. Use of DoubleClick allows Google and its partner sites to serve ads based on previous visits to our or other websites on the Internet. The data arising in this context can be transmitted by Google to a server in the USA for evaluation and stored there. In the event that personal data is transferred to the USA, Google has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser (as described above); however, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of the website. You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookies and relating to your use of the website and from processing this data by Google by downloading and installing the DoubleClick deactivation browser plug-in. As an alternative to the browser plug-in or within browsers on mobile devices, you can disable the "Personalized Advertising" button in Google Advertising Settings. In this case, Google will only display general advertising that has not been selected based on the information collected about you.
The following table gives an overview over DoubleClick functionality we use
Bid Manager Bid Manager enables users to create campaigns and set bids on ad-spaces online (e.g. a banner). Reporting features enable users to evaluate the success of their campaign.
Bid FloodlightFloodlight enables users to track multiple visits from the same browser using a cookie and is used for conversion tracking purposes.
Ad Exchange Ad Exchange is a marketplace for ad-spaces online (e.g. a banner), where marketeers can purchase targets and optimize their campaigns.
Please refer to Google's privacy policy for more information.
Google Dynamic Remarketing
Our website uses Google Remarketing, a service of Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google"). This service uses cookies and similar technologies to display personalized advertising messages on websites that work with Google. Cookies and similar technologies are also used to perform the analysis of website usage as a basis for the creation of interest-based advertisements. The data arising in this context can be transmitted by Google to a server in the USA for evaluation and stored there. In the event that personal data is transferred to the USA, Google has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield.
If you use a Google Account, depending on the settings in your Google Account, Google may link your Google web and App browsing history to your Google Account and use information from your Google Account to personalize ads. If you don't want this association with your Google Account, you'll need to log out of Google before you can access our contact page.
As described above, you can configure your browser to reject cookies, or you can prevent the collection of data generated by the cookies and related to your use of this website and the processing of this data by Google by accessing the Google Advertising Settings and setting the personalization buttons to "Off". Alternatively, you can opt out of processing by visiting the TRUSTe Web site mentioned above and clicking the Google Opt-out button.
Please refer to Google's privacy policy for more information on dynamic Remarketing.
Google Tag Manager
Our website uses Google Tag Manager, a service of Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google"). The Tag Manager is used to manage tracking tools and other services, so-called website tags. A tag is an element that is stored in the source code of our website in order to record, for example, predefined usage data, such as an IP address. The Google Tag Manager does not use cookies and does not collect any personal data. The Google Tag Manager triggers other tags that may collect data. Some of the data is stored on a Google server in the USA. In the event that personal data is transferred to the USA, Google has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield. If deactivation has been made at the domain or cookie level, it will remain in effect for all tracking tags implemented with Google Tag Manager.
For more information, please refer to the privacy policy and Google's further information about Tag Manager.
Social media plug-ins
On certain pages of the Site we may implement so-called “social media” plug-ins, in particular Facebook’s “like” button, Google’s “+1” button and Twitter’s Twitter buttons. When you visit a page that displays one or more of such buttons, your browser will establish a direct connection to the relevant social media server and load the button from there. At the same time the provider of the social media service will know that the relevant page on the Site has been visited.
We have no influence on the data that any such social media provider collects on the basis of the buttons. According to the available information, however, if you do not click on the respective buttons, none of your personal data will be collected and stored unless you have logged onto to your social media account. In that case, certain user data (including your IP address at the time) may be collected and linked to the account information already present at the social media service. If you wish to prevent this, please log out of your social media accounts before visiting the Site.
In addition, clicking a button may also lead to a collection of certain data, such as your IP address. Social media providers such as Facebook, Google or Twitter may set cookies as well, unless you have disabled the acceptance and storage of cookies in your browser settings (see above).
We receive no information from social media providers about which social media buttons you may personally have clicked or seen on the Site. If at all, we may receive a summarised, non-personalised statistical report on the use of the buttons.
Facebook Privacy Policy: https://de-de.facebook.com/policy.php
Google Privacy Policy: http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacy/
Twitter Privacy Policy: https://twitter.com/en/privacy
CHANGES TO THIS COOKIES POLICY
We may at any time update or otherwise modify this cookies policy. We shall notify you of any changes to our cookies policy by posting the modified cookies policy on the Site. By then continuing to use the Site, you will be bound by the modified cookies policy.
Last modified: 26.11.2019