http://www.thejediassembly.com/privacy.php
The Jedi Assembly
Bringing Balance to the Force
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Why do you recieve e-mails from us?How we protect your privacySharing and UsageHow can you stop recieving e-mail from us?
Privacy Policy
We have created this privacy policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy and the protection of your information.
Why do you receive emails from us?
If you received a mailing from us, (a) your email address is either listed with us as someone who has expressly shared this address for the purpose of receiving information in the future ("opt-in"), or (b) you have registered or purchased or otherwise have an existing relationship with us.
We respect your time and attention by controlling the frequency of our mailings.
How we protect your privacy
We use security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of data used by our system.
Sharing and Usage
We will never share, sell, or rent individual personal information with anyone without your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law. Information submitted to us is only available to staff members managing this information for purposes of contacting you or sending you emails based on your request for information.
How can you stop receiving email from us?
If you wish to stop receiving emails, you must send an email to webmaster@thejediassembly.com simply stating your concern for not receiving any more emails from The Jedi Assembly.
If you have received unwanted, unsolicited email sent via this system or purporting to be sent via this system, please forward a copy of that email with your comments to webmaster@thejediassembly.com for review.
Home  |  Copyright/Disclaimer  |  Privacy Policy  |  TJA Jedi Code  |  Contact UsThe Jedi Assembly 'crest' element - ©2020, Lucasfilm Ltd. & ™.All rights reserved. Used under authorization.©2020, The Jedi Assembly. All rights reserved.
Page Generated in 0.001 SecondsPage Downloaded in ...