http://www.nicolemiller.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Close drawer
Search
Search
Close Minicart
Shopping Bag
(0)
FREE SHIPPING ON ALL U.S. ORDERS OVER $200
Close Promo
Search
Search
New Arrivals
Shop
Shop
Featured
Holiday Gift Guide
Holiday '20
Cashmere
Casual Collection
Face Masks
Clothing
Tops
Cashmere
Dresses
Casual
Bottoms
Denim
Leather
Outerwear
Activewear
Sleepwear
Accessories
Handbags
Fashion Jewelry
Fine Jewelry
Sunglasses
Fragrances
Scarves
Tights + Socks
Face Masks
Hand Sanitizer
Gifts
Under $100
Under $250
Under $500
Holiday Gift Guide
Gift Cards
Sale
Sale
All Sale - Extra 20% Off
Tops
Dresses
Bottoms
Collections
Collections
Spring 2021
Resort 2021
Fall 2020
Discover NM
Discover NM
Discover All
Profiles
Holiday Gift Guide
Rock On With Fall 2020
Reserved
Log in
Contact Us
Terms & Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Nicole Miller uses and protects any information that you give Nicole Miller when you use this website. Nicole Miller is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Nicole Miller may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
WHAT WE COLLECT
We may collect the following information:
SHOPPING
You may be able to purchase NM products and gift cards on the Sites. To process your purchase, we ask for information such as your name, billing and shipping address, telephone number, email address and payment card information. We use this information to process your purchase, confirm your order and deliver the items to you. If you give us permission, we also may use your contact information to communicate with you about our products, services and promotions. If you purchase an item or gift card on the Sites or ask us to deliver your purchase to someone else, we ask for the recipient's name, postal address and email address. We use this information to send the gift card or item to the recipient. If you ask us to do so, we also may use this information to notify the recipient of your gift before it arrives.
MY ACCOUNT
You may be able to register to create an account on the Sites. To do so, we ask for information such as your name and email address. You also may provide your age and gender. Through the "my account" feature, you can store billing and shipping information so you won't have to enter it again when you make another purchase on the Sites. You also can store payment card information and details of your past purchases. In addition, you can save your credit card information on your account for faster checkout. To use this feature, we ask you to provide your credit card information and the corresponding billing address. You can also use the "my account" feature to create a wish list of products you want and share your list by email with friends and family. If you choose to share your list, we ask for your name and email address and the recipient's email address. This information is used only to email your list to your desired recipients.
SURVEYS, SWEEPSTAKES AND PROMOTIONS
On or through the Sites, you may be able to participate in surveys, sweepstakes and other promotions. If you choose to participate in these promotions, we may ask you for information such as your name, email address, postal address and telephone number. We use the information you provide to administer our contests, sweepstakes and other promotions. We also may use the information to communicate with you about our products, services and promotions, but only if you have given us your consent to do so.
ELECTRONIC NEWSLETTERS
You may be able to sign up on the Sites to receive electronic newsletters and promotional emails from NM, including new ideas, special offers and event information. To sign up, we may ask you for information such as your name, email address, postal address, telephone number, age, gender, shopping preferences and email preferences. We use this information to send you communications about our products and services, invitations to special sales and events. We also use this information to tailor our newsletters to reflect your preferences. You can choose at any time not to receive marketing emails from us by clicking on the unsubscribe link within our marketing emails. You also may use the email preferences section of the "my account" feature to opt out of receiving marketing emails or to specify which, if any, communications you would like to receive from us. You may also email us at info@nicolemiller.com with this request.There is no charge to you to unsubscribe.
BLOGS
You may be able to submit comments to blogs we host on or through the Sites. You may include personal information in your comment, and you also may submit your name with your comment. We use your name to identify you as a commenter.
EMAIL TO A FRIEND
You may be able to share certain content from the Sites with your friends. To send information to your friends, we ask for your friends' and your email addresses. We use this information only to fulfill your request. We do not retain the information you provide in connection with this feature, except to send the requested content. We will not include any other advertisements within the messages sent to your friends.
CONTACT US
If you communicate with us through the "Contact Us" link on the Sites, we may ask you for information such as your name, email address, zip code and telephone number. We use this information to respond to and communicate with you about your questions and comments.
OTHER SITE FEATURES
We offer visitors to the Sites various features for their information and enjoyment, which we may change from time to time. We may ask you to submit certain personal information so we can provide you with these features and send you communications about our products, services and promotions.
INFORMATION COLLECTED BY AUTOMATED MEANS
We obtain certain information by automated means when you visit the Sites, such as through cookies, web beacons, and web server logs. The information we collect in this manner includes the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet, unique device identifier, browser characteristics, device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, information on actions taken on the Sites, dates and times of website visits and the pages accessed. By collecting this information, we learn how to best tailor our Sites to our visitors and understand what products and services you might prefer. Both we and others (such as our service providers) may collect personal information about our visitors’ online activities over time and across third-party websites. Like many companies, we use "cookies" on the Sites. Cookies are bits of text that are placed on your computer's hard drive when you visit certain websites. Cookies may enhance your online experience by saving your preferences while you are visiting a particular site. We use cookies, for example, to preserve the contents of your virtual shopping bag between visits. We also use cookies to measure activity on the Sites and determine which areas and features of the Sites are the most popular. Most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new cookie and how to disable existing cookies. Without cookies, however, you may not be able to take full advantage of all our Sites’ features. For example, if you turn off cookies or refuse them, you will not be able to make purchases on the Sites. Certain pages on the Sites contain "web beacons" (also known as Internet tags, pixel tags and clear GIFs). Web beacons are used for internal purposes, such as to obtain the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the beacon appears, the URL of the page on which the beacon appears, the time the page containing the beacon was viewed, and the type of browser used to view the page. We also retain service providers who use web beacons to assess the effectiveness of our email communications and learn what pages our visitors viewed. We use information collected through these automated means for purposes such as (i) customizing our users' visits to our Sites, (ii) delivering content tailored to our users' interests and the manner in which our users browse the Sites, and (iii) managing the Sites and other aspects of our businesses. We also may use third party web analytics services, such as those of Adobe Analytics and Google Analytics, to measure the effectiveness of our advertising and determine how visitors use the Sites. These service providers’ tools, including cookies and web beacons, allow us to collect information such as the state and zip code from which our visitors come and the IP addresses of our visitors' computers.
INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISING
We may collect information about your online activities on the Sites to provide you with advertising about products and services tailored to your individual interests. We also may obtain information for this purpose from third-party websites on which our ads are served. You may see certain ads on other websites because we work with advertising partners (including advertising networks) to engage in remarketing and retargeting activities. Our advertising partners allow us to target our messaging to users through demographic, interest-based and contextual means. These partners track your online activities over time and across websites by collecting information through automated means, including through the use of third-party cookies, web server logs, and web beacons. They use this information to show you advertisements that may be tailored to your individual interests. The information our advertising partners may collect includes data about your visits to websites that participate in the relevant advertising networks, such as the pages or advertisements you view and the actions you take on the Sites. This data collection takes place both on the Sites and on third-party websites that participate in the ad networks. This process also helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts.
NOTE FOR INTERNATIONAL USERS:
Information we maintain may be stored both within and outside of the United States. If you live outside of the United States, you understand and agree that we may transfer your information to the United States. The Sites are subject to U.S. laws, which may not afford the same level of protection as those in your country.
MOBILE
When you use our mobile sites or applications, we may collect information from you which may include your location, device identification number, access to your contacts, how often you use the app, and where you downloaded it. Most mobile devices allow you to turn off these features. For information on how to do so, please visit your mobile device’s user guide. All personal information collected via our mobile applications is protected by this Privacy Policy. We, or our service providers, may also collect, use, or disclose personal information and non-personal information from and about you on our mobile websites/applications and through your interactions with us on your mobile device. This information may include a telephone number and mobile device identifier provided by your mobile device or wireless carrier, as applicable. Our mobile applications offer automatic (push) notifications. We will provide push notifications only to those who opt-in to receive them. If you have questions about location and notification privacy, please contact your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of your device to learn how to adjust your settings. We may offer updated or enhanced versions of our mobile applications that include additional features created by us or using third party functionality.
THIRD PARTIES
We may also receive information about you from third parties. For example, our business partners may give us information about you. Social media platforms may also give us information about you. In all cases involving the disclosure of information belonging to or pertaining to a third party, you must obtain the consent of such individuals before disclosing their personal data to NM and/or the Sites and have informed said individuals about this Privacy Policy. You will be the only person liable in connection with the disclosure of information and data relevant to such third parties and with any other incompatible and unlawful use of such data if they have not provided you with their consent. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold NM harmless from any liability, claims and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising from or related to any unauthorized disclosure of personally identifiable information of third parties.
WHAT HAPPENS IF YOU DO NOT DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
The personal data we request you to provide to NM, including your e-mail address, your address, your Credit/Debit Card numbers, bank account number and/or your telephone number, is necessary for the processing of your orders for the purchase of products on the Sites, to supply other services provided on the Sites upon your request, and/or to carry out obligations arising out of applicable laws and regulations. Your refusal to provide certain personal data to NM may prevent NM from processing your order for the purchase of products sold on the Sites and/or from providing other services through the Sites. The disclosure of personal data to NM other than that required in order to fulfill legal or contractual obligations or to provide the services requested by you is optional and does not have any effect on the use of the Sites or on the purchase of products on the Sites. We will inform you if the personal data we ask you to provide is necessary or optional by marking with an asterisk (*) the information that is necessary. Your failure to disclose optional personal data will not pose any obligation or disadvantage to you, except to the extent that we may not be able to offer you some of our optional, personalized features of the Sites.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
TO PROVIDE COMPLETE SERVICES.
For example, we use your information to respond to your requests, to process and deliver purchases, to process returns, and to offer you products, services and features through the Sites. We may use your information to respond to your customer feedback.
COMMUNICATION
We use information for marketing purposes. For example, we may send you notices and correspond with you about products and special offers. We might tell you about new features or updates on the Sites. These might be third party offers or products we think you might find interesting. You will only receive a newsletter or promotional email from NM if you agree during your activities on or through the Sites or through our newsletter sign up form. Instructions on how to unsubscribe are included in each electronic newsletter or email. To manage this, you may also follow the instructions in the Right to Opt Out section below, or by submitting a request through the Contact feature on the Sites.
INTERNAL USES
We use information to improve our products and services. We may use your information to make the Sites and our products better. We might use your information to customize your experience with us. We may combine information we get from you with information about you we get from third parties.
SAFETY
We may use your information for fraud protection or credit risk reduction purposes.
OTHER USES
We may use your information for fraud protection or credit risk reduction purposes.
We may share information for other reasons we may describe to you.
For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the List of cookies we collect section.
WHAT WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION WE GATHER
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
SECURITY
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
HOW WE USE COOKIES
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
CONTROLLING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@nicolemiller.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
BUSINESS TRANSFER.
We may share information with a successor to all or part of our business. For example, if part of our business was sold, customer lists may be shared as part of that transaction.
SERVICES AND PROMOTIONS
We may share information with third parties who perform services on our behalf and help operate our Sites. For example, we share information with vendors who send emails for us and who help deliver our products and services. We may also share information with third-party payment providers.
AGGREGATE STATISTICS
We may disclose information collected from multiple individuals in the form of aggregate data that does not describe or identify any individual user. This may include things like age and gender. It may also include product purchase information, search terms and pages visited. We may share such information with third parties to show interest in, and use of, our Sites.
THIRD-PARTY ADVERTISERS & LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
We may use third party advertising companies to serve ads on the Sites. If you click on a link to a third party site, you will be taken to websites we do not control. This policy does not apply to the privacy practices of that website, and we are not responsible for these third party sites. Our Sites may also serve third party content that contains its own cookies or tracking technologies. We do not control the use of those technologies.
TO OTHERS
We may disclose information if we believe it is required by law. We may also share information to enforce the terms of this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Use. We may also share information to protect the rights, property, or safety of NM, our users, or others. We may share information to respond to a court order or subpoena or if a government agency or investigatory body requests same.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to 35-10 36th Ave, Long Island City, NY 11106.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at info@nicolemiller.com. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
RIGHT TO OPT OUT
RECEIVING CERTAIN TYPES OF CORRESPONDENCE
If you would like to opt out of receiving promotional emails from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions located in each such email or contact us at info@nicolemiller.com.Please understand that if you opt out of receiving promotional correspondence from us, we may still contact you in connection with your account, relationship, activities, transactions and communications with us.
SHARING INFORMATION
You may provide new or updated information at any time. You can do this by logging in to “My Account” on www.nicolemiller.com. You can also call customer service at: 877.225.2963. If you ask, we will send you a copy of any information we have on file in your user account. Before we are able to provide or change any information, we may ask that you verify your identity. We may also ask for more details to help us respond to your request.
HOW DO WE SECURE YOUR INFORMATION ?
We have adopted security measures to protect personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access and against other unlawful forms of data processing. Nevertheless, NM cannot guarantee that the security measures adopted for the protection of the Sites and the transmission of data and information through the Sites will prevent or exclude any risk of unauthorized access to or loss of data. It is advisable that your computer be equipped with software devices for the protection of network data transmission and receipt (such as updated antivirus systems) and that your Internet service provider take appropriate measures for the security of network data transmission (such as firewalls and anti-spam filtering).
ARE CHILDREN ALLOWED TO USE THE SITES?
Our Sites are meant for adults. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 without permission from a parent or guardian. If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child under 13 has given us information, you can email us. You can also write to us at the address listed at the end of this policy.
BLOGS
You may be able to submit comments to blogs we host on or through the Sites. You may include personal information in your comment, and you also may submit your name with your comment. We use your name to identify you as a commenter.
EMAIL TO A FRIEND
You may be able to share certain content from the Sites with your friends. To send information to your friends, we ask for your friends' and your email addresses. We use this information only to fulfill your request. We do not retain the information you provide in connection with this feature, except to send the requested content. We will not include any other advertisements within the messages sent to your friends.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you reside in California, you have the right to ask us one time each year if we have shared personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make a request, please send us an email, or write to us at the address listed below. Indicate in your letter that you are a California resident making a “Shine the Light” inquiry.
POLICY UPDATES
From time to time we may change our privacy policies. We will notify you of any material changes to our Policy as required by law. We will also post an updated copy on one or more of our Sites. Please check the Sites periodically for updates.
CONTACT US
You can contact us with question about this Policy by emailing us at info@nicolemiller.com or writing to us at Nicole Miller Showroom: 525 Seventh Ave 20th Floor NY,NY 10018.
LIST OF COOKIES WE COLLECT
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE NAME
COOKIE DESCRIPTION
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
Close
Nicole Miller strives to maintain an inclusive and accessible online shopping experience and to comply with accessibility.
We are fully committed to working with the operator of this website to improve it whenever possible.
If you are using assistive technologies like a screen reader or magnifier and are experiencing difficulties accessing this website, please call
877.225.2963 for assistance.