http://www.davebrownmagician.com/privacy-policy
Site Map | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy |Website Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Welcome to my Privacy Policy
1. At DaveBrownMagician.com, we are committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of our visitors to our web site. In particular, we want you to know that DaveBrownMagician.com is not in the business of selling, renting or trading email lists with other companies and businesses for marketing purposes. We just don't do that sort of thing. In this Privacy Policy, we've provided lots of detailed information on when and why we collect your personal information, how we use it, the limited conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure. Grab a drink and read on.
2. When we say 'we', 'us' or 'DaveBrownMagician.com' it's because that's who we are and we own and run the DaveBrownMagician.com website. If we say 'policy' we're talking about this privacy policy. If we say 'user terms' we're talking about the rules for using each of the Websites. Take the time to read this policy because it forms a part of the user terms for each of our Websites. By using any of our Websites, you agree to this policy. If you do not agree to this policy we won't take it personally, but be aware that your user experience may be diminished.
What type of personal information do we collect?
3. We collect certain personal information about visitors and users of our Websites. The most common types of information we collect are things like: usernames, member names, email addresses, other contact details, support queries, forum comments and web analytics data from our websites, our products.
How we collect personal information
4. We may collect personal information directly when you provide it to us, automatically as you navigate through the websites, products or through other people when you use services associated with us.
5. When you provide personal information to us via the Websites you're consenting to us collecting and using that information in line with this policy and the user terms of each of the Websites. You are likely to provide personal information when you complete membership registration and buy or provide items or services on our Websites, subscribe to a newsletter, email list, submit feedback, enter a contest, fill out a survey, or send us a communication. 6. If you choose not to provide personal information, we may not be able to provide you with our services and you may not be able to carry out transactions or access the full range of features available through our Websites.
Personal information we collect about you from others
7. Although we generally collect personal information directly from you, we may on occasion also collect information about you from other people (such as the payment provider account details required to process a transaction) and by using tracking technologies such as cookies, web beacons and other web analytics software or services.
How do we use personal information?
8. We may use your personal information in order for us to:
To fulfil a contract, or take steps linked to a contract: in particular, in facilitating and processing transactions that take place on the Websites, like where you purchase an item from our marketplace.
Where this is necessary for purposes which are in our, or third parties, legitimate interests. These interests include:
operate the Websites and provide you with services described on the Websites, like to verify your identity when you sign in to any of our Websites, to facilitate and process transactions that take place on the Websites, to respond to support tickets and to help facilitate the resolution of any disputes
customise our services and websites, like advertising that may appear on the Websites, in order to provide a more personalised experience
update you with operational news and information about our Websites and services like to notify you about changes to our Websites, website disruptions or security updates
provide you with information that you request from us or, where we have your consent to do so, provide you with marketing information about products and services which we feel may interest you
carry out technical analysis to determine how to improve the Websites and services we provide
monitor activity on the Websites, like to identify potential fraudulent activity and to ensure compliance with the user terms that apply to the Websites
manage our relationship with you, like by responding to your comments or queries submitted to us on the Websites or asking for your feedback or whether you want to participate in a survey
manage our legal and operational affairs
train DaveBrownMagician.com staff about how to best serve our community
provide general administrative and performance functions and activities.
Where you give us consent:
providing you with marketing information about products and services which we feel may interest you; and
customising our services and websites, like advertising that appear on the Site – where this involves the use of cookies or similar technologies – in order to provide a more personalised experience.
For purposes which are required by law.
For the purpose of responding to requests by government, a court of law, or law enforcement authorities conducting an investigation.
When may we disclose your personal information?
9. We may disclose personal information to people like:
companies that are in the DaveBrownMagician.com group of companies
subcontractors and service providers who assist us in connection with the ways we may use personal information (as set out above)
our professional advisers (lawyers, accountants, financial advisers etc)
regulators and government authorities in connection with our compliance procedures and obligations
a purchaser or prospective purchaser of all or part of our assets or our business, and their professional advisers, in connection with the purchase
other people where we are authorised or required by law to do so.
How do we store your personal information?
10. We store personal information on secure servers that are managed by us and our service providers, and occasionally hard copy files that are kept in a secure location. Personal information that we store is subject to security and access controls, including username and password authentication and data encryption where appropriate. Choices regarding control of your personal information
12. Where we have your consent to do so (e.g if you have subscribed to one of our e-mail lists or have otherwise indicated that you are interested in receiving offers or information from us), we may send you marketing communications about products and services that we feel may be of interest to you. You can 'opt-out' of such communications if you would prefer not to receive them in the future.
13. If your e-mail address has changed and you would like to continue to receive our e-mails, you will need to access your account and update your e-mail address information in your account and sign-up again for those e-mails that you want to receive.
14. If we send e-mails with commercial content we will generally include an "unsubscribe" facility that you can use to opt-out of further communications – to opt-out, just follow the instructions in the e-mail. We might not include an opt-out facility in important operational and service-based e-mails concerning things like your purchases, the user terms, important updates and need-to-know messages. By using our Websites you agree that we do not need to include opt-out facilities in those messages.
15. You also have choices about cookies, as described below. By modifying your browser preferences, you have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies. If you choose to reject cookies some parts of our Websites may not work properly in your case.
Cookies and web analytics
16. For more information about how we use cookies, web beacons and similar technologies see our cookie policy and for more general information on cookies, see http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
17. Generally speaking, when you visit our Websites, there's certain information that's recorded which is generally anonymous information and may not reveal your true super-hero identity. If you're logged into your account some of this information could be associated with your account. We're talking about the following kinds of details:
your IP or proxy server IP
basic domain information
your Internet service provider is sometimes captured depending on the configuration of your ISP connection
the date and time of your visit to the website
the length of your session
the pages which you have accessed
the number of times you access our site within any month;
the size of file you look at
the website which referred you to our Websites
the operating system which your computer uses.
18. Occasionally, we may use third party advertising companies to serve ads based on prior visits to some Websites. These advertising companies use cookies to anonymously collect data. No personally identifiable information is collected by these cookies. The anonymous data they collect is kept separate from the personal information about you as a user. Information you make public or give to others
19. If you make your personal information available to other people, we can't control or accept responsibility for the way they will use or manage that information. There are lots of ways that you may find yourself providing information to other people, like when you post a public message on a forum thread, share information via social media, or make contact with another user via our Websites. Before making your information publicly available or giving your information to anyone else, think carefully. If giving information to another user via our Websites, ask them how they will handle your information. If you're sharing information via another website, check the privacy policy for that site to understand its information management practices as this privacy policy will not apply.
When we need to update this policy
20. We may need to change this policy from time to time in order to make sure it stays up to date with the latest legal requirements and any changes to our privacy management practices. When we do amend the policy, the changes will be effective straightaway. We'll usually publish information about changes to be made to this policy on our Websites – but please be aware that it is your responsibility to check in and make sure you keep up to date with any changes to this policy.
If you're a user or visitor in the European Economic Area these rights also apply to you:
For the purposes of applicable EU data protection law (including the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (the "GDPR"), we are a 'data controller' of your personal information.
How you can access your personal information
You are also entitled to ask us to port your personal information (i.e. to transfer in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, to you), to erase it, or restrict its processing. You also have rights to object to some processing that is based on our legitimate interests, such as profiling that we perform for the purposes of direct marketing, and, where we have asked for your consent to process your data, to withdraw this consent as more fully described below.
These rights are limited in some situations – for example, we can demonstrate that we have a legal requirement to process your personal information. In some instances, this means that we may retain some data even if you withdraw your consent.
Where we require your personal information to comply with legal or contractual obligations, then provision of such data is mandatory: if such data is not provided, then we will not be able to manage our contractual relationship with you, or to meet obligations placed on us. In all other cases, provision of requested personal information is optional.
If you have unresolved concerns you also have the right to complain to data protection authorities. The relevant data protection authority will be the data protection authority of the country: (i) of your habitual residence; (ii) of your place of work; or (iii) in which you consider the alleged infringement has occurred.
Both personal information and personal data have the same meaning in the context of this Privacy Policy.
How can you contact us?
Please contact us via email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
DaveBrownMagician.com Privacy Policy, effective date 25th May 2018
Prev
Main Menu
Home About Me Magic Tricks Stories Kindle Contact