https://www.culturalcenter.gov.ph/pages/privacy-policy
×
This website uses cookies to ensure that you get the best experience. click here to accept.
Menu
My Account
Login
Register
My Cart
Privacy Policy
Last Updated:  May 7, 2018
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for culturalcenter.gov.ph. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
As an agency of the government of the Republic of the Philippines, this website adheres to and strives to be in compliance with the Data Privacy Act of 2012.
By using this Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. However, we only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you.  We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to process your order for ticket[s] or merchandise.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about events, programs, activities, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to identify you which may include, but is not limited to your name.
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site (“Log Data”).  This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics
In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze the same.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive.
Like many sites, we use "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time.  You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), you will be re-directed to a payment gateway where your information is encrypted and transmitted in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
Allow us to emphasize that the security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
However, we strive to use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Links to External Websites
This website contains links to other websites – visitors are advised to take note of these sites’ respective privacy policy.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of May 7, 2018 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Contact Us
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 8321125 or msd.culturalcenter.gov.ph.
Login to CCP
Email Address *
Password *
Remember Me
Forgot Password
Don't have an account? Register here.
Register an Account
Name *
Email Address *
Password *
Confirm *
Birthdate *
Sex
Male
Female
Affilation
Mobile Number *
+63
I allow CCP to contact me of products and services I might be interested in. Please read the Privacy Policy.
I accept Cultural Center of the Philippines terms and conditions.
Message
Resend Activation Email
We'll send an instruction to your email.
Forgot Password
We'll send an instruction to your email.
Reset Password
Advisory
No Advisory
Okay, got it.
What's Going On
Shows & Events
Performances, exhibitions, film screenings, workshops and other events
Press Room
Press releases, announcements, press kits and photo galleries
Programs
CCP everywhere! Festivals. Onstage,
On the Walls,
On Screen ,
In the Works, In Competition, Art-tractions, and other programs.
About CCP
Institutional Profile
CCP’s origins, mission vision, and officials
Complex Development
Goals, challenges, plans and development approaches.
Citizen’s Charter
Processes of frontline services, transparency seal, annual reports and other information.
Get Involved
Sponsorship
Corporate sponsors, media partners, hotel partners and affiliates.
Membership
Make art matter in the life of every Filipino! Become a CCP member.
Volunteers
Various opportunities for volunteering in productions, conferences, festivals, outdoor events and many other activities.
Our Venues
THE CCP 360° TOUR
Theaters
Tanghalang Nicanor Abelardo (Main Theater), Tanghalang Aurelio Tolentino (Little Theater), Tanghalang Huseng Batute (Studio Theater), Tanghalang Manuel Conde (Dream Theater), and Tanghalang Francisco Balagtas (Folk Arts Theater).
Museo
Museo ng Kalinangang Pilipino (CCP Museum)
Exhibition Halls
Bulwagang Fernando Amorsolo, Bulwagang Juan Luna, Pasilyo Vincente Manansala, Pasilyo Guillermo Tolentino, Pasilyo Victorio Edades, Bulwagang Carlos V. Francisco.
Other Venues
Rehearsal halls, open areas and outdoor spaces, venues at the National Arts Center
Contact CCP
Get Directions
Map, directions and parking, traffic advisories and nearby establishments.
Contact Us
Directory, messaging and other information.
Others
Archives
Advocacies
Opportunities
Access
FAQ
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy