http://www.ksps.org/about-ksps/privacy/
KSPS Donor Privacy PolicyThank you for taking the time to visit the KSPS Privacy Policy, and for being a supporter and user of KSPS services. This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for KSPS Public Television and ksps.org. We at KSPS are strongly committed to protecting the privacy and information security of our guests, members, donors and friends. As part of that commitment, we believe it is important to inform site visitors of the following:What personally identifiable information is collected from you, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.Your acceptance of the policy is implicit in your continued use of KSPS sites and web-based services.KSPS Donor Information Collection, Use, and SharingWe are the sole owners of the information collected from donors. We have access to and collect information that you voluntarily give us via email, mail, telephone, web donation, drawings, surveys, and other activities in which you provide some personal information. While you may at any time refuse to submit your information, doing so may limit your ability to participate in these activities.Information such as physical addresses, telephone numbers, and credit card numbers collected for pledges, donation or membership reasons are encrypted for your security and only seen by the membership staff members that process your gift, and our contracted fulfillment agencies.We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request or maintain your relationship with KSPS, e.g. to ship an order, to provide membership services, to provide an opportunity donate to KSPS, or to serve other internal KSPS purposes. Unless you ask us not to, and you may do so at any time, we may contact you via email or phone in the future to tell you about special activities, opportunities, services or changes to this privacy policyWe will not sell, rent, or exchange your information to any other non-profit or for-profit organization. We will not send mailings or make phone calls on behalf of another organization.Your Access To and Control Over InformationYou may opt out of any future contacts from us and do the following at any time by contacting us via ksps@ksps.org or 800-735-2377:• See what data we have about you, if any.• Change/correct any data we have about you.• Have us delete any data we have about you.• Express any concern you have about our use of your data.SecurityWe value your trust and take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information to KSPS, your information is protected both online and offline.Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.KSPS does not store complete credit card information. Credit card information, even for monthly donations, is encrypted so that even our own employees cannot view it. We comply with the stringent standards of the Payment Card Industry.While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees or volunteers who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or member services) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.That being said, no method of information transmission via the internet is 100% secure, and we cannot guarantee the infallible security of your information. If you do not feel comfortable submitting your personal information online, you can call and make a pledge or donation to us at 800-735-2377.Information Collected From ChildrenKSPS does not seek identifying information online from children under the age of 18. If you are under 18, you must show permission from one of your parents before sending any information about yourself via the web. KSPS does not knowingly allow anyone under the age of 18 to provide any personally identifying information to KSPS online.KSPS Website Privacy PolicyKSPS Website Usage InformationYour acceptance of the policy is implicit in your continued use of KSPS sites and web-based services.Information about your activity on our website, or “Log Data” like times, popular pages, etc, is collected automatically in order for us to gauge how you and other visitors use KSPS.org. In that way we can better understand our community and improve our website to provide better service.We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request or maintain your relationship with KSPS, e.g. to ship an order, to provide membership services, to provide an opportunity donate to KSPS, or to serve other internal KSPS purposes. Unless you ask us not to, and you may do so at any time, we may contact you via email or phone in the future to tell you about special activities, opportunities, services or changes to this privacy policy.We will not sell, rent, or exchange your information to any other non-profit or for-profit organization. We will not send mailings or make phone calls on behalf of another organization.CookiesWe may use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance their experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.Like many sites, we may use "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.Your Access To and Control Over InformationYou may opt out of any future contacts from us and do the following at any time by contacting us via ksps@ksps.org or 800-735-2377:• See what data we have about you, if any.• Change/correct any data we have about you.• Have us delete any data we have about you.• Express any concern you have about our use of your data.SecurityWe value your trust and take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information to KSPS, your information is protected both online and offline.Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.KSPS does not store complete credit card information. Credit card information, even for monthly donations, is encrypted so that even our own employees cannot view it. We comply with the stringent standards of the Payment Card Industry.While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees or volunteers who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or member services) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.That being said, no method of information transmission via the internet is 100% secure, and we cannot guarantee the infallible security of your information. If you do not feel comfortable submitting your personal information online, you can call and make a pledge or donation to us at 800-735-2377.Information Collected From ChildrenKSPS does not seek identifying information online from children under the age of 18. If you are under 18, you must show permission from one of your parents before sending any information about yourself via the web. KSPS does not knowingly allow anyone under the age of 18 to provide any personally identifying information to KSPS online.