http://www.driveinmovie.com/privacy
Privacy Policy
At DriveInMovie.com, we understand our users' personal information is important and should remain private. As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files to enhance our users' experience.
We use cookies to store information when you visit our site. Cookies are small information files that a site transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables our sites or service to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits.
Our site is free for all users to use, we support our site through outside advertisers. Some of our advertisers may use cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site. This data is generally collected by advertisers so they can display relevant advertisements for products and services in your geographical location.
At DriveInMovie.com, all of our tools and resources are free to use. We will never ask for credit card information or collect any data other than the data that is requested when you register with us. If you ever receive an email purportedly from DriveInMovie.com requesting credit card information or other financial or personal information, report those emails to us at once as they are not valid DriveInMovie.com emails.
When registering with DriveInMovie.com, you received additional site priveledges. In exchange, you are required to provide us with your name and email address. From time to time, we may send you offers or information related to drive-in theaters and/or offers. To date, we have never sent our registered users any emails other than site updates and we have no immediate plans to do so. However, we do reserve the right to do so in the future. By registering with DriveInMovie.com, you accept the fact you may receive email offers from us in exchange for the free tools and resources to which you have access.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads and collect data when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site, other sites, and other forms of media about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please see:
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp