https://www.languagetesting.com/lti-information/privacy
Privacy Policy - About LTI
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser.
Toggle Nav
Search
Search
Search
Advanced Search
Sign In
Test Candidates
Proctors
Organizations
Contact Us
Sales
Support
Search for your institution or school program›
Menu
Certifications for IndividualsTake a TestCertification TypesTests For OrganizationsCommercialGovernmentAcademic Higher EdK-12 / AAPPL About LTIWho We AreTest DescriptionsUnderstanding ProficiencyResearchBlogContact UsFAQsPrivacy Policy
Account
Home
About LTI
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Statement
Use of Customer Identifiable Information (CII)
LTI will not disclose any CII, such as customer name, home or email address, or phone number.
In order to fulfill its customer services requirements pursuant to the LTI Test Taker Form, LTI may disclose CII to a client as directed by the customer (e.g., to an employer or certification body). LTI may also provide CII to service providers that perform services for it. LTI requires these service providers to sign a confidentiality agreement that prohibits them from using any customer confidential information for unauthorized purposes. In the event that LTI becomes aware that any of its agents are using or disclosing personal information contrary to this Policy, LTI will take the necessary steps to prevent or stop the misuse or disclosure. In addition, LTI may disclose CII to any person or entity as required by law, as required to protect the rights or safety of LTI or our customers, or in response to a specific court order. Security regulations of some foreign countries may require LTI to provide foreign and domestic government agencies with access to CII.
LTI also may use anonymous, aggregated information about its customers for internal research, or to update and/or maintain its systems. However, LTI does not sell, rent, or loan any CII to any third parties that are not authorized service providers, or who are not clients with whom LTI has signed Confidentiality Agreements concerning the use of Customer Information.
Non-customer/Visitor Information
The LTI system does not track, collect, or distribute personal information, including email addresses, about visitors to the LTI website. Thus, LTI can determine which Internet Service Provider a visitor uses, but not the names, addresses, or other information about visitors that would allow LTI to identify particular visitors to the LTI website. This server information is used for internal purposes only by LTI technical support staff. Nevertheless, the LTI website may track aggregated, anonymous information about visitors internally in order to better serve our clients and customers. For example, LTI may compile statistics that show the daily number of visitors to its sites, the daily requests received for particular services and products, and what countries those requests come from.
Use of LTI's Website
Access to and use of the LTI website, including individual customer test data, is at the risk of the user. Under no circumstances, including but not limited to negligence, shall LTI, its officers, directors, owners, employees, agents, and any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the website and any content on the website, be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages) arising out of or related to any individual's access to, use of, inability to access or use the website for any reason (e.g., failure of performance or operation, any interruption of service, computer virus), any unauthorized use or access to a client's or customer's files, or any damages to their computer equipment, programs, files, or other property, even if LTI has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Occasionally, LTI may provide an external link from its Homepage to a third-party affiliated with LTI. LTI is not responsible for the contents of any on-site or off-site pages referenced through such links, nor is LTI liable for any defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct that may occur from or through such third-party link. Links to other websites do not constitute an endorsement of that site by LTI.
Security
Protecting CII is an important priority for LTI. LTI employees who violate its confidentiality and security policies and procedures are subject to disciplinary action. Service providers or affiliates that receive CII are required to preserve the confidentiality of that information under the terms of legal Confidentiality Agreements with them. LTI also maintains physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in accordance with industry standards that are designed to keep unauthorized persons from accessing CII stored on the LTI systems, as well as protecting it from loss or destruction, misuse, alteration, or disclosure.
All client communication and files in digital format are stored on this secure network, accessible only by approved staff. All critical systems and servers are separately housed within LTI's secure facilities and are accessible only by authorized personnel. LTI's physical premises are protected with security personnel and live security surveillance, and all off-hour entry is logged through an access control system.
Copyright Protection and Use of LTI Information
LTI's testing products and services are protected by copyright as a collective work and/or compilation, pursuant to U.S. copyright laws, international conventions, and other copyright laws. Company names, logos, and trademarks may not be used by any individual member of the public or any client or customer in any manner without the prior written consent of LTI. Users should assume, unless specifically noted, that all content on the LTI website, and any files or programming related to the website and the LTI testing products and services, are protected by such rights owned exclusively by LTI. Therefore, users may not recopy, distribute, publicly display, modify, transmit, reuse, repost, or use for public or commercial purposes, any of the contents of the website without the express written permission of LTI, obtained in advance of such use. Permission requests should be sent to: permissions@languagetesting.com
COVID-19 Update to Privacy Policy
In order to meet the temporary need created by the COVID-19 pandemic for remote testing for grades 9-12 students, LTI has partnered with a computer-based proctoring vendor to enable secure testing at home. The computer proctoring service uses AI technology to monitor the student testing experience, ensuring that no human is viewing students while testing. Videos are reviewed by select internal LTI employees only when tests are flagged for a potential security violation; video file access is restricted to pertinent LTI employees only.
Computer proctoring is not available for students under 13 years age in compliance with COPPA regulations. As part of the proctoring onboarding process, students must enter their complete date of birth and acknowledge and agree to this policy.
LTI passes to the vendor only the minimum information required: student first name and Test ID. No other student data is provided by LTI to the vendor.
Our computer proctoring partner collects this additional information about students:
photograph of the student
audio and video recordings of the student taking the test and of the test-room environment
screen capture during the test administration.
Our agreement with the computer proctoring vendor ensures that all student data (last name, images, videos, etc.) are deleted per a 14-day data purge policy.
Lastly, because requirements for parental permission vary by state and district, LTI requests that schools confirm they have any necessary parental permission prior to ordering students’ tests.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
LTI may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time, as circumstances may dictate. The current Privacy Policy can be viewed on the LTI website at http://www.languagetesting.com/privacy. If any user or interested person has any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or wishes to voice concern or complain about the Policy, please email LTI at privacy@languagetesting.com or call (914) 963-7110 x121. LTI will investigate any such issues and take appropriate steps to address any problems or concerns.
April 2020
Contact Us
1-800-486-8444
580 White Plains Road, Suite 660
Tarrytown, NY 10591
Contact Us
Company
About LTI
Clients
Technical Support
Privacy Policy
Careers
Information
FAQs
Understanding Proficiency
Verify a Credential
Language Testing
Copyright © 2020 Language Testing International. All rights reserved.
Top