http://www.a2gmusic.com/content/links/disclaimer/privacy.html
A2Gmusic.com Privacy Policy Statement
A2Gmusic.com is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. Please read the following policy to understand how your personal information will be treated as you make full use of A2Gmusic.com resources. This policy may change from time to time so please check back periodically.
This policy will let you know:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you.
The A2Gmusic.com collects information in several ways from different parts of our web site.
Some personal information is gathered when you register for different services offered by A2Gmusic.com. During registration, we ask for your name and email address. Depending on the service, the system will also ask for your street address, city, state/province, zip/postal code, country, telephone number, and the URL of your web site, although only fields that are marked with an asterisk (*) on the registration field are required. Once you register you are no longer anonymous to A2Gmusic.com - you have a username and are able to take full advantage of current or future offerings of A2Gmusic.com.
What cookies are and how they are used?
As part of offering and providing customizable and personalized services, A2Gmusic.com may use to store and sometimes track information about you. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Certain features of A2Gmusic.com require that you accept cookies in order to work properly.
Generally, we use cookies for the following purposes:
Advertising networks that serve ads onto the A2Gmusic.com may use their own cookies.
A2Gmusic.com may also collect for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers.
How your information is used?
The primary goal of A2Gmusic.com in collecting personal information is to provide you, the user, with a customized experience and to assist your navigation throughout our web site.
Who is collecting your information.
When you are asked for personal information on A2Gmusic.com, you are sharing that information with A2Gmusic.com alone, unless it is specifically stated otherwise. However, some activities will, by their very nature, result in your personal information being revealed to other users of A2Gmusic.com. For example, when you enter personal information on the band listing form or classifieds, this information will generally be included in your listing, unless specifically stated otherwise.
With whom your information may be shared.
As a general rule, A2Gmusic.com will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information except when we have your permission or under special circumstances, such as when we believe in good faith that the law requires it or under the circumstances described below.
A2Gmusic.com may disclose account information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating the Terms of Service of A2Gmusic.com as described in the Disclaimer section or may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) the rights or property of A2Gmusic.com, other users of A2Gmusic.com, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. A2Gmusic.com may disclose or access account information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it and for administrative and other purposes that we deem necessary to maintain, service, and improve our products and services.
What choices are available to you regarding collection, use, and distribution of your information.
If you choose not to register or provide personal information, you can still use most of the A2Gmusic.com web site, but you will not be able to access areas or use features that require registration.
You also have choices with respect to cookies. By modifying your browser preferences, you have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies. If you choose to reject all cookies you will be unable to use those services of the A2Gmusic.com web site that require registration in order to participate. You can still use most of the features of the A2Gmusic.com web site even if you do not accept cookies.
A2Gmusic.com does not sell or rent user information to anyone. We will notify you at the time of data collection or transfer if your data will be shared with a third party and you will always have the option of not permitting the transfer. If you do not wish to allow your data to be shared, you can choose not to use a particular service.
How you can access, update or delete your information.
We will provide you with the means to ensure that your personal information is correct and current. You may edit or delete your user profiles at any time by going to an appropriate service (A2Gmusic.com Classifieds, A2G band listing, etc.). Please keep track of all of the services that you have signed up with along with all the passwords and user names. They will be required to make any modifications to your accounts.
If you are a previously registered user and you have lost or forgotten your password, some services will allow you to obtain it by email by using our "Forgot Password" feature. Click the button on the login page to request that your password be emailed to you. We cannot provide your password by any other means.
Your A2Gmusic.com account can be deleted, but doing so will result in not being able to access any of the features of the program that require user registration.
The kind of security precautions that are in place to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of your information.
Other than the administrator of A2Gmusic.com or other authorized personnel of A2Gmusic.com, you are the only person who has access to your personal information. Your user registration is password-protected to prevent unauthorized access.
We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. A2Gmusic.com will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited email.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, A2Gmusic.com cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online services, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.
How A2Gmusic.com protects children's privacy?
A2Gmusic.com is a general audience web site. Children should always ask a parent for permission before sending personal information to anyone online. A2Gmusic.com does not share personal information about users under the age of 13 with third parties and we do not sell or rent personal information about any of our users, regardless of age. In addition, A2Gmusic.com will not send any direct email offers to users who indicate they are under the age of 13.
What else you should know about your online privacy.
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online - for example in ads that you post or through email - that information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return.
Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you're online.
Copyright © 2000, 2001 A2Gmusic.com All rights reserved.