http://www.mailplanet.com/privacy.html
MailPlanet™ Privacy Policy
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to email us at support@mailplanet.com or through our website.
Your information is yours. Your information is private. We do not sell, license, rent, trade or exchange your information in any manner whatsoever to any third party. We do not maintain an email inbox for our MailPlanet™ email customers. We do not store any email locally or remotely on any of our servers.
Information security. MailPlanet™ applies the same data and information security standards for your information as we do for our own employees and consultants. As even the most secure systems in the world are hacked and broken into from time to time -- we make no promises or guarantees or representations of any sort that your information can remain 100% secure. As we do not maintain any email storage infrastructure, we recommend that you follow the password and security polices of your primary email resource provider, whether that be Gmail, Yahoo!, Hotmail, Live.com mail, MS Exchange, @Mac.com, iPhone, Blackberry, or any other third party, etc. If you need to send an email in a highly secure manner, we recommend you put in a bid for a used Enigma machine on Ebay.com, or install Pretty Good Privacy (PGP) or one of many available public/private key encryption systems.
Information you provide. When you sign up for the MailPlanet™ service, we ask you for personal information. We may combine the information you submit under your account with information from other MailPlanet™ services or third parties in order to provide you with a better experience and to improve the quality of our services. For certain services, we may give you the opportunity to opt out of combining such information. When you visit MailPlanet.com, we send one or more cookies to your computer or other device. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service, including for storing user preferences, improving search results and ad selection, and tracking user trends, such as how people search. When you access MailPlanet™ services via a browser, application or other client our servers automatically record certain information. These server logs may include information such as your web request, your interaction with a service, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or your account. When you send email or other communications to MailPlanet™, we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our services. We may use your email address to communicate with you about our services.
Third Party Applications. MailPlanet™ may make available third party applications, such as gadgets or extensions, through its services. The information collected by MailPlanet™ when you enable a third party application is processed under this Privacy Policy. Information collected by the third party application provider is governed by their privacy policies.
Other sites. This Privacy Policy applies to MailPlanet™ services only. In addition to the above, we may use the information we collect to: provide, maintain, protect, and improve our services, including advertising services, and develop new services; and protect the rights or property of MailPlanet™ or our users. If we use this information in a manner different than the purpose for which it was collected, then we will ask for your consent prior to such use. MailPlanet™ processes personal information on our servers in the United States of America and in other countries. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some MailPlanet™ features and services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled. MailPlanet™ only shares personal information with other companies or individuals outside of MailPlanet™ in the following limited circumstances: We have your consent. We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information.
We provide such information to our subsidiaries, affiliated companies or other trusted businesses or persons for the purpose of processing personal information on our behalf. We require that these parties agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. To further clarify this paragraph, examples of companies we may share information under the terms of this paragraph include credit card payment processors to process your credit card, billing system providers to track subscription billing and issues statements, internal MailPlanet™ accounting systems, etc. We may share information if we have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of MailPlanet™, its users or the public as required or permitted by law.
We restrict access to personal information to MailPlanet™ employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it on our behalf. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations. MailPlanet™ regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy. When we receive formal written complaints, it is MailPlanet’s policy to contact the complaining user regarding his or her concerns. We will cooperate with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that cannot be resolved between MailPlanet™ and an individual. Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes). We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.