https://www.kfsk.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
KFSK PRIVACY STATEMENT
Narrows Broadcasting Corporation, as the owner of this web site and KFSK-FM, has adopted this privacy statement.
Information Collection
Narrows Broadcasting Corporation is the sole owner of the information collected on www.kfsk.org. KFSK collects information from our users at several different points on our Web site.
Membership Contributions
We request information from the user of our membership on-line pledge forms. A user must provide contact information (such as name, address, e-mail address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date).
Membership Communications
When you make an on-line pledge, we send an email to verify the pledge information. Members who have provided e-mail addresses will occasionally receive information on services, events, or a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications.
Sharing
Legal Disclaimer
We DO NOT Share Personal Information with Third Parties.
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site.
Links
This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, KFSK, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Security
This Web site takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the Web site, their information is protected both online and off-line.
Our pledge form may ask you to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with encryption software called SSL. While on a secure page, such as our pledge form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when users are just ‘surfing.’
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also protect user-information off-line. All of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our member services staff) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Finally, the servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment.
Notification of Changes
Any changes to this policy will be posted here.
KFSK_donate noaa-transparent-logo_KFSK webcamLIVE Web Cam KFSK Tower
deep_711_tn_how_covid-19-attacks-your-lungs_wide-7c2db82bd1943fd10eeeae9a9518d1c427342c44Alaska Coronavirus and COVID-19 Updates and Resources
coronavirus global mapCoronavirus Information from CDC and World Health Organizaiton
KFSK Community Calendar
Code Red Register phones for Emergency Alert Notices - cell phones/land lines
Homegrown Conversations for Curious Minds Homegrown Conversations for Curious Minds - a KFSK and Public Library Podcast
Crab Bait Radio CRAB BAIT RADIO ARCHIVE - KFSK fun and satire on all things that can fit into the pot
Petersburg Marine Mammal CenterFrederick Soundings is an educational radio series produced in collaboration between the Petersburg Marine Mammal Center and KFSK Community Radio
Hooked On HistoryHooked On History is a fun and informative radio series produced in collaboration between Clausen Memorial Museum and KFSK Community Radio
Petersburg Listening ProjectPetersburg Listening Project
The Cannery TalesGetting to know some of those that worked in Petersburg Canneries
The Wind and The Rain
Current Local Conditions
Local Weather
Inside Waters
Observations
Outside waters
Tide Chart
Star Gazing
Stikine River Gauge
Falls Creek Water Level
Tsunami Center
Facebook Feed