http://www.hetzlersmusic.com/privacystatement.html
Privacy PolicyTo assist you in using www.hetzlersmusic.com and www.hetzlersfakebook.com (referred to as my sites) and to provide you with a clear understanding of the relationship arising from your use of my sites, I have created a Privacy Policy and a set of Terms of Use. My Privacy Policy explains how I protect and treat contact and other information you provide to me through my sites. My Terms of Use govern your use of my sites. Please read my Privacy Policy and my Terms of Use carefully - they impose legal obligations on you. By using or accessing my sites, you are acknowledging that you have read and understood these terms and agree to be legally bound by them.Hetzler's Music employs a monitoring service to create summary statistics used for assessing what information is of most or least interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance areas. The monitoring service captures and stores the following information about visitors to: www.hetzlersmusic.com and  www.hetzlersfakebook.com.The name of the domain from which you access the Internet. The date and time you access our site. The pages you visited, the files you accessed and how long you stayed.Search engine information (i.e., query, key words).The URL of the Web site from which you linked to our site.Your operating system, browser, screen resolution and color depth. If you choose to provide me with personal information, such as your email address, Hetzler's Music will use this information to respond to your specific request or query.Hetzler's Music will not rent, sell, or otherwise distribute any of your personally identifying information including name, address, phone number, email address, or any other personal information that you share or we collect from you while you are on my sites. However, Hetzler's Music may use any communications or material you send to www.hetzlersmusic.com and www.hetzlersfakebook.com for any purpose, including reproduction, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting on my sites.I use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on my sites. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, <click here>Copyright © 2002-2020 C. Edward Hetzler All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy StatementThis page was last updated: January 8, 2020Hetzler's MusicHetzler's Music30 Causeway Street, Hudson, MA