http://www.alancarr.net/privacy-cookies/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
AlanCarr.net is committed to protecting the privacy of its clients and users of this website. We do our utmost to protect user information and client confidentiality.
Data Protection and GDPR
Any information you provide will be held securely and in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
AlanCarr.net uses MailChimp for the mailing list. The information provided when you sign up to the mailing list will only be used to send you news from Alan by email. Your personal details will not be disclosed to any third parties. Learn more about MailChimp’s privacy practices here.
AlanCarr.net does not, and will not purchase email databases from third parties and will only communicate with persons or organisations who have given permission for them to do so.
Cookies
Like most websites, we use cookies in order to deliver an efficient browsing experience. By continuing to use this site, you are consenting to our use of cookies. Please do not use this site if you do not consent to our use of cookies.
What are Cookies?
A cookie is a small file sent to your device when you access a particular website. The data file is then sent back to the website on subsequent visits.
To learn more about cookies and how to manage them, visit AboutCookies.org.
Site usage tracking cookies
AlanCarr.net uses Google Analytics for tracking visitors and aggregating information about the traffic to our websites. The Google Analytics privacy policy can be found here: https://policies.google.com/privacy. You can learn more about how to opt-out of tracking in Google Analytics here.
This privacy policy is subject to change without notice and was last updated on 01 June 2020.
Data Controller: If you have any questions feel free to contact us: info@luadesign.co.uk
Mailing list
Email Address
SIGN UP
Tour Dates
itv’s EPIC GAMESHOW
Close this module
RESCHEDULED DATESFollowing the March 16th government directive the Not Again, Alan! Tour dates in Autumn 2020 are postponed and will be rescheduled.Tickets will be directly transferred to the rescheduled date.The venue will be in touch with all ticket holders as soon as possible, please do not contact the venue directly as the volume of bookings for various productions they are currently dealing with is vast - your patience is hugely appreciated.