http://www.johndestjorre.com/privacy-policy
We collect the minimum amount of information about you that is commensurate with providing you with a satisfactory service. This Policy indicates the type of processes that may result in data being collected about you. Your use of this website gives us the right to collect that information.
Information Use
We use the information collected primarily to process the task for which you visited the website. Data collected in the UK is held in accordance with the Data Protection Act. All reasonable precautions are taken to prevent unauthorised access to this information. This safeguard may require you to provide additional forms of identity should you wish to obtain information about your account details.
Cookies
What Are Cookies
As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or ‘break’ certain elements of the sites functionality.
For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies.
How We Use Cookies
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies via our cookie consent popup or by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
The Cookies We Set
Cookie Consent
We record each user’s cookie consent status
Social media
Social media platforms store data regarding user impressions where there is a corresponding user login button
Forms related cookies
When you submit data to through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.
WordPress & statistics
This site is built with WordPress. WordPress uses cookies to optimise your session for example if you are a logged in user or want to comment. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.
Complaints
If you feel you have genuine reason for complaint, you should inform us as soon as possible. We will then respond to all reasonable complaints and we will do all we can to resolve any problems.
Profile
John de St. Jorre was born in London. Following military service in Malaya, he graduated from Oxford where he was recruited into the Secret Intelligence Service, better known as MI6, and worked in Africa for three years. After resigning, he joined The Observer as a foreign correspondent. He covered the Nigerian-Biafra conflict, 1973 Arab-Israeli War, and the Iranian Revolution. He was also the newspaper’s Paris and New York correspondent.
read more
Winner of the 2009 Herbert Warren Wind Award
John de St. Jorre’s The Story of Golf at The Country Club was chosen in 2009 by the USGA as the winner of its annual literary prize.
read more
Ten Generations of
Jorre History
Download Maurice de St. Jorre’s free book tracing his and his brother’s French ancestors.
read more
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Cookie Policy
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Cookie Policy
Click here for more information about cookies in our Privacy Policy
Enable All
Save Changes