https://www.uab.edu/toolkit/web/terms-of-use
Terms of Use - Toolkit | UAB
Skip to navigation
Skip to main content
administrator login
frontend login
Brand and Communication Toolkit Resources for Marketing and Communications
UAB Quicklinks
UAB Home
Academic Calendar
Accessibility
AdminSystems
Apply
AskIT
Blazer Express
BlazerNET
BlazerPulse
Bookstore
Campus Calendar
Campus Map
Canvas
Departments
Directory
Email
Emergency/B-Alert
Employee Resources
Employment
MyUAB Employee Portal
Giving to UAB
TechConnect
UAB eLearning
More Items
Request Publicity
Download Logos
Information and messages about UAB's reentry to campus and Ways UAB can unite for our common good
Brand BasicsBrandingWebPhoto & VideoMarketing & AdvertisingTrademarks & LicensingCommunicationsContact
Plans to unite our students, faculty and staff and UAB’s mission to fight COVID-19
WebJoomlaWordPressWeb Branding GuidelinesAnalyticsFriendly URLs & Link TrackingGoLink and UTM GeneratorDomain Name RegistrationsGiving ButtonsScholars@UABCampus CalendarCampus MapWeb ImagesWeb FormsWeb IconsWeb AccessibilityPDF AccessibilityLine
Terms of UseVendor Guidelines
Contact
For assistance with your UAB website, contact UAB's Web Operations team by filling out this form.
Website Request Form
More
Home
Web
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Disclaimer and Policy for UAB Web Pages
Notwithstanding any language to the contrary, nothing contained herein constitutes, nor is intended to constitute, an offer, inducement, promise, or contract of any kind. The data contained herein are for informational purposes only and are not represented to be error-free. Any links to non-UAB information are provided as a courtesy. They are not intended to constitute, nor do they constitute, an endorsement of the linked materials by the University of Alabama at Birmingham.
Additionally, all UAB content creators and website managers are bound by the UAB Web Pages Policy, the terms of which must be accepted upon request of a new website on any UAB-supported platform.
Our privacy statements can be found here: https://www.uab.edu/toolkit/web/privacy.
SMS/Text Message Terms & Conditions
Background
This text messaging service gives you the option to subscribe to receive text messages from the University of Alabama at Birmingham on your mobile device. Text messaging will be used to provide information about events, news, promotions and other information. All mass text messages originating from any University office, or from any authorized University employee acting in his/her professional capacity, are included in this procedure. Message frequency may vary.
Opt-In/Opt-Out
Subscribing to this service is not required and is used only for matters that UAB deems helpful and pertinent to user.
Prospective Student Alerts
Text JOIN to 35742. By subscribing, user will stay informed of information about events, news, promotions and other information related to prospective students. Message and data rates may apply from the wireless carrier. All costs associated with receiving text messages are the responsibility of the individual receiving the message.
User may opt out or unsubscribe from receiving text messages from UAB at any time by texting STOP to 35742. If you elect to opt out, you will no longer receive text messages from UAB unless you re-subscribe to such services.
Current Student Alerts
Text JOIN to 75343. By subscribing, user will receive alerts regarding deadlines, on-campus events from UAB, and other information related to their status as a UAB Student. Message and data rates may apply from the wireless carrier. All costs associated with receiving text messages are the responsibility of the individual receiving the message.
User may opt out or unsubscribe from receiving text messages from UAB at any time by texting STOP to 75343. If you elect to opt out, you will no longer receive text messages from UAB unless you re-subscribe to such services.
Current Employee Alerts
Text JOIN to 66569. By subscribing, user will receive alerts regarding deadlines, on-campus events from UAB, and other information related to their employment at UAB. Message and data rates may apply from the wireless carrier. All costs associated with receiving text messages are the responsibility of the individual receiving the message.
User may opt out or unsubscribe from receiving text messages from UAB at any time by texting STOP to 66569. If you elect to opt out, you will no longer receive text messages from UAB unless you re-subscribe to such services.
Alumni & Community Alerts
Text JOIN to 77571. By subscribing, user will stay informed of information about events, news, promotions and other information for UAB alumni & community members. Message and data rates may apply from the wireless carrier. All costs associated with receiving text messages are the responsibility of the individual receiving the message.
User may opt out or unsubscribe from receiving text messages from UAB at any time by texting STOP to 77571. If you elect to opt out, you will no longer receive text messages from UAB unless you re-subscribe to such services.
Marketing & Event Notifications
Text JOIN to 98131. By subscribing, user will stay informed of information about events, news, promotions and other information. Message and data rates may apply from the wireless carrier. All costs associated with receiving text messages are the responsibility of the individual receiving the message.
User may opt out or unsubscribe from receiving text messages from UAB at any time by texting STOP to 98131. If you elect to opt out, you will no longer receive text messages from UAB unless you re-subscribe to such services.
Help
Text HELP for help. If you have any questions or want more information, email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. or call 1-855-822-1787.
Carriers
Supported carriers include: AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile*, Verizon Wireless, Cricket, U.S. Cellular, Virgin Mobile USA, AWCC, Boost, Carolina West Wireless, Cellcom, Cincinnati Bell, ClearSky (GetLisa), C-Spire (Cellular South), Google Voice, Interop, Ntelos, and Metro PCS. Check with your mobile operator for details on receiving text messages (SMS).
* T-Mobile is not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
Privacy Policy
UAB respects your right to privacy. You can view our privacy policy here.
Feedback/Need Help?
Can't find what you need? Do you have suggestions for items to add to our brand and communications toolkit? Email marketing@uab.edu, and we'll connect you with the right University Relations team member.
Alumni
Parents and Family
Future Students
Current Students
International Students
Faculty
Employees
Media
The University of Alabama at Birmingham
1720 2nd Ave South
Birmingham, AL 35294
Main Switchboard: (205) 934-4011
Hearing Impaired/TDD: (205) 934-4642
Privacy
|
Terms of Use
|
© 2020 The University of Alabama at Birmingham
UAB is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer committed to fostering a diverse, equitable and family-friendly environment in which all faculty and staff can excel and achieve work/life balance irrespective of race, national origin, age, genetic or family medical history, gender, faith, gender identity and expression as well as sexual orientation. UAB also encourages applications from individuals with disabilities and veterans.