http://www.kvcr.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyOur Commitment To PrivacyYour privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.The Information We CollectThis notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the KVCR PBS/NPR website. On some pages, you can make philanthropic contributions, order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are: Name, Address, Email address, Phone number, Zip code, Credit/Debit Card InformationThe Way We Use InformationWe use the information you provide about yourself to provide member benefits and/or to complete an order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide benefits or complete an order.We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.You must register with our website to receive the online version of our program guide. You will receive program information based upon your registered preferences. You will also receive information about special events, fundraising activities, and other station news. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you sign up for member benefits.We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website. For example, we may tell a third party that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.Our Commitment To Data SecurityTo prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.Our Commitment To Children’s PrivacyProtecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13.How To Contact UsShould you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at (909) 384-4444 or send us an email at memberservices@kvcr.org.