http://www.mattsmusicpage.com/privacy.htm
Your One-Stop Source For
Music Lyrics Bass and Guitar Tabs and More...
Tweet
Follow @mattsmusicpage
Alphabetic Music Lyrics and Guitar Tabs
Bands 0-9 / A
Bands Ba-Bk
Bands Bl-Bz
Bands C
Bands D-E
Bands F-H
Bands I-L
Bands M-O
Bands P-Si
Bands Sm-Sz
Bands T-W
More...
Cool Features
Movie Theme Songs
TV Theme Songs
Contact Matt
Add Your Link
Matt's Music Page Privacy
Statement
Information Collection and Use
Mattsmusicpage.com is the sole owner of the information collected
on this site. I will not sell, share, or rent this information to
others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
Mattsmusicpage.com collects information from my users at several
different points on my website.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive
containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way
linked to any personally identifiable information while on my site.
Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. For
instance, by setting a cookie on my site, the user would not have to
log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on my
site. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use my site. The
only drawback to this is that the user will be limited in some areas
of my site. For example, the user will not be able to participate in
any of my Sweepstakes, Giveaways or monthly Drawings that take place.
Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of my
users to enhance the experience on my site. Mattsmusicpage.com may
use cookies from time to time.
Some of my business partners may use cookies on my site (for
example, advertisers). However, I have no access to or control over
these cookies.
Third Party Advertising
We send to your web browser many of the advertisements you see
when you use our network of Web sites. However, we also allow other
companies, called third-party ad servers or ad networks, to serve
advertisements within our web pages. Because your web browser must
request these advertising banners from the ad network Web site, these
companies can send their own cookies to your cookie file, just as if
you had requested a web page from the site. Please note that if an
advertiser asks us to show an advertisement to a certain audience
(for example, men ages 18-34) or audience segment (for example, men
ages 13-24 who have viewed sports content) and you respond to that
ad, the advertiser or ad-server may conclude that you fit the
description of the audience they are trying to reach. As always
remember, we only authorize our third-party ad servers to employ
anonymous cookies for ad delivery and anonymous targeting. Our
third-party ad servers do not collect, nor do we give them access, to
any personally identifying information about you.
Opting Out of Third-Party Ad Servers
If you want to prevent a third-party ad server from sending and
reading cookies on your computer, currently you must visit each ad
network's Web site individually and opt out (if they offer this
capability).
Currently, we have relationships with the following third-party ad
networks (click to visit their Web site):
24/7 Real Media, Inc.
http://www.247realmedia.com/privacy.html
Third Party Cookies
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our
third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on
your browser. This includes but is not limited to cookies placed by
Network Services which are subject to the NAI Self-Regulatory
Principles for Online Preference Marketing by Network Advertisers
available at www.networkadvertising.org (collectively, the "NAI
Principles").
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you
visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not
including your name, address email address or telephone number) about
your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide
advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you
would like more information about this practice and to know your
choices about not having this information used by these companies,
click
here.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your
site.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your
users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the
Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the
Google
ad and content network privacy policy.
Log Files
I use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track
user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for
aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable
information nor shared with any third party.
Sharing
I will share aggregated demographic information with my partners
and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that
can identify any individual person.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that
I Mattsmusicpage.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of
such other sites. I encourage my users to be aware when they leave my
site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site
that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy
statement applies solely to information collected by this Web
site.
Newsletter
If a user wishes to subscribe to my newsletter, I ask for contact
information such as name and email address. You may opt-out of my
newsletter at any time by simply contacting me and requesting to
opt-out.
Surveys & Giveaways
From time-to-time my site requests information from users via
surveys or giveaways. Participation in these surveys or giveaways is
completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or
not to disclose this information. Information requested may include
contact information (such as name and shipping address), and
demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact
information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. The
webmaster of this site reserves the right to give your name and
address to a third party for the sole purpose of mailing the prize.
Your information will not be kept on file with the third party.
Giveaway winners first name and state may be posted on the "winners
page." Winners may opt out by choosing "No" to not have winners name
and state posted when entrant signs up for the giveaway. Survey
information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the
use and satisfaction of this site. Survey information (including
demographic information) may be posted in my site's media
kit.
Tell-A-Friend
If a user elects to use my referral service for informing a friend
about my site, I ask them for the friend’s name and email
address. Mattsmusicpage.com will automatically send the friend a
one-time email inviting them to visit the site. Mattsmusicpage.com
stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time
email. The friend may contact Mattsmusicpage.com at contact.htm
to request the removal of this information from my database.
Lyrics/Tabs Addition and Correction
When a person submits a lyric or tab addition or correction, such
person grands Mattsmusicpage.com the right to post his or her name
and email address with the lyric/tab. Such person may choose to not
have their name and email address listed by choosing "No" on the
Addition/Correction form.
Choice/Opt-out
Users who no longer wish to receive my newsletter or promotional
materials from my partners may opt-out of receiving these
communications by replying to unsubscribe in the subject line in the
email or email us through contact.htm
Notification of Changes
If I decide to change my privacy policy, I will post those changes
on my Homepage so my users are always aware of what information I
collect, how I use it, and under circumstances, if any, I disclose
it. If at any point I decide to use personally identifiable
information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was
collected, I will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a
choice as to whether or not I use their information in this different
manner. I will use information in accordance with the privacy policy
under which the information was collected.
Be sure to view my Disclaimer/Limitation
of Liability
Privacy Policy last updated March 13, 2009
Return to
Mattsmusicpage.com
Sign Up For My Newsletter
Subscribe |
Unsubscribe
Site
Map | Disclaimer
| Privacy
Policy | Media
Kit | Submissions/Corrections
Website © 2000-2014 mattsmusicpage.com. All rights reserved.
Legal & DMCA: Matt's Music Page has been providing lyrics and tabs in a legal way, paying royalties each year to a few organizations.
Then, all lyrics and tabs were removed from the site.
Now, there's a new owner to the site, which purchased it August 26, 2014, and he is in negotiation to obtain licensing from BMI at the moment.
If you have a specific DMCA request -- please do not hesitate to contact me via the contact button on top.
I will do my very best to keep this site fully legal.