http://www.gospel.it/privacypolicy.html
Privacy Statement for
Gratis.it
Teknosurf.it
has created this privacy
statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses the information gathering and
dissemination practices for this Web site:
Gospel.it
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site.
Advertisers
We use outside ad companies to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies.
While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are
collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information.
Personal Information
This Web site does not request any personal information or collect any information that personally
identifies you or allows you to be personally contacted.
Since we do not collect any personal information on this Web site, we do not share any personal
information with any third parties nor do we use any personal information for any purposes.
This site makes forums available to you. Please be aware, that whenever you post personal
information online, through chat rooms, message boards, guestbooks or email that this information can be collected and used by others. We will take all reasonable precautions to protect your privacy, but always keep in mind that when you are in a public forum, you control the information you disclose.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites.
Teknosurf.it
is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control,
both online and offline.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
privacy@teknosurf.it
------- Jump to... ------- Salta a... -------
Home Page - Pagina Principale
Asti Gospel Music Festival
Artists - La pagine degli artisti
| -- Jessy Dixon
| -- Iona
| -- Adrian Snell
| -- Rick Cua
| -- Take 6
| -- Gospel Sound
Musictusnews - La lista di discussione
Concerts - Il Gospel dal vivo!
News - Le notizie
Roster - Organizzare un concerto
RITROVIAMOCI SU FACEBOOK
Copyright © Associazione Musictus, 1997-2012.
Privacy Policy
Comments, Questions, Suggestions?
what's on your mind!
http://www.gospel.it/privacypolicy.html
Hosted by Teknosurf.it