http://www.wisegal.com/terms/
Terms and conditions
Terms and conditions
Welcome to the Sarah Wiseman Gallery website. If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which govern the Sarah Wiseman Gallery’s relationship with you whilst using this website.
The operator of the website is the Sarah Wiseman Gallery whose registered office is: 40/41 South Parade, Summertown Oxford, OX2 7JL
The company is registered in England under: Wiseman Fine Art T/A Sarah Wiseman Gallery 3511154, VAT number: 68 580 3109.
The terms 'the Sarah Wiseman Gallery’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the Sarah Wiseman Gallery. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
We have set out below the terms and conditions which apply to information shown in the pages of our website ("the Website") and to the ordering of any products from the Website. By using this site, or ordering products, you agree to and accept these terms and conditions. It is your responsibility to have read them in full before placing an order.
Website
The material in the Website is the copyright of the Sarah Wiseman Gallery or the artists who produces the artworks. You are welcome to view, print and download the contents of the Website for personal use but not for any commercial purposes or re-publication. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are for your convenience and provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Contacting Us:
The gallery opening hours are Monday 10-4pm, Tuesday-Saturday 10-5.30pm
Closed Sundays & Bank Holidays
Sarah Wiseman Gallery, 40/41 South Parade, Summertown, Oxford, OX2 7JL, Tel. 01865 515123
Email: info@wisegal.com
PURCHASING TERMS & CONDITIONS
Description of Products
Every effort is made to ensure the descriptions, prices and specification of products on the Website are as accurate as possible. However, due to the nature of the products offered on the Website, some of these descriptions are only approximate and we reserve the right to make changes which do not materially affect the quality or performance of those products.
Your order may not be accepted if there are material errors in the description of the goods you have ordered or their prices. We will contact you immediately should this situation occur.
We may correct any error appearing in the Website or withdraw any product from sale without incurring liability. Price and availability is also subject to change without notice.
We make every effort to ensure that the colours of the artworks on this website are accurate. However, due to the nature of both computer operating system colour palettes and computer monitor displays, there may be discrepancies beyond our control.
Ordering
After placing an order and sending us your card details, you will receive an email acknowledging your order. However, please note that all products are subject to availability. We will inform you as soon as is reasonably possible should the goods you have ordered be unavailable and a full refund will be offered.
We will confirm acceptance of your order by email to the address you have given and the sending of this email (whether or not it is received) makes the contract between us. We reserve the right in our absolute discretion to accept or reject any offer.
Orders placed outside of gallery operating hours will be dealt with on the next working day.
Price and payment
The price of the products will be the price quoted on the Website at the time we accept your order.  All prices are subject to change without notice.
The price will include any applicable value added tax, but not the cost of delivery. You will be sent a full VAT invoice with your art work detailing the applicable VAT due on your purchase.
In addition to the price, you will have to pay our delivery charges as quoted on the Website at the time we accept your order. The amount of these charges varies according to the country of the delivery address you specify in your order.
The credit and debit cards we accept are listed on the Website at the time you place your order. Refunds will only be made by means of a credit to the card used for the original payment.
Delivery
We aim to dispatch orders within 3-4 days of receipt (though often sooner).
For UK addresses, smaller items are shipped by Royal Mail Special Delivery (which will arrive the day after shipping). Larger items are sent by ParcelForce using their 48 hours service.
If you’re purchasing a gift and need delivery by a specific date please contact us first: info@wisegal.com
All Artworks will be securely packaged with an authentication certificate, information about the artist and, if appropriate, care/handling document, as well as your invoice.
All items will be insured by Sarah Wiseman Gallery whilst in transit to cover damage, loss or non-delivery.
You should inspect your Artwork immediately upon receipt. If the work arrives in a damaged condition this must be reported immediately and no later than 2 days after receipt. We will then liaise with you to collect the damaged Artwork and arrange a refund. If you do not contact us within the specified time stated above then we will not be liable for any loss or damage.
Returns, Refunds & Cancellations
You have a right to return any items ordered that do not meet your expectations. To obtain a refund please inform the gallery in writing that you wish to do so. The item must be returned to us at Sarah Wiseman Gallery, 40/41 South Parade, Summertown, Oxford OX2 7JL in perfect condition, within 14 days of the original receipt.
In order to receive a full refund you have a legal obligation to take reasonable care of the Artwork whilst it is in your possession. In preparing to return an Artwork to us you should use the original packaging and we would suggest that you use some form of delivery service that requires a signature.
Once we have received the Artwork back at the gallery (in the condition in which it was sent) we will process your refund as soon as possible. The refund will include the price of the Artwork and any original delivery costs.
The cost of returning the Artwork to the gallery is at your expense and all goods remain your responsibility until we have received them.
Refunds will only be issued via the original payment method.
International Shipping
If you wish to place an order and live outside the UK or EU please contact the gallery and then we can send you a specific quote for delivery.
Please note that for orders sent outside of the UK, you are responsible for payment of any local import taxes and duties.
The gallery cannot be held liable for any delays caused in delivery by local customs. If you are unsure as to whether what you are purchasing will have any duties to be paid, contact your local customs office.
Privacy Policy
Your personal data will be used only to process your orders, we use a secure payment system (Stripe) and do not hold any of your payment details at the gallery.
We never share your data with any third parties.
You can review our full privacy policy here: /privacy-policy/
General
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England and Wales.
If any of these terms and conditions should be determined illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by reason of the laws of any state or country in which these terms and conditions are intended to be effective, then to the extent and within the jurisdiction which that term or condition is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted from that clause and the remaining terms and conditions shall survive, remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable. These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.
We shall have no liability to you for any delay in the delivery of products ordered or any other matters to the extent that the delay is due to any event outside our reasonable control, including but not limited to acts of God, war, flood, fire, labour disputes, strikes, lock-outs, riots, civil commotion, malicious damage, explosion, governmental actions and any other similar Force Majeure Event.
We reserve the right from time to time to make changes to these Terms & Conditions and will notify you of any alterations if that will effect a pending order.
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2020 Sarah Wiseman Gallery
Site by Artlogic
40 - 41 South Parade Summertown Oxford OX2 7JL
Tel: 01865 515 123   Email: info@wisegal.com
Join our mailing list
View terms and conditions
Facebook, opens in a new tab.Twitter, opens in a new tab.Pinterest, opens in a new tab.Instagram, opens in a new tab.Join the mailing listView on Google Maps