http://www.wmshaynes.com/terms-conditions
Cart
0
Custom
Q Series
Amadeus
Studio Sampler
Artists
Dealers
Haynes University
Haynes History
Back
Artists
Young Artists
Back
Choose A Region
North American Dealers
European Dealers
Asian & Australasian Dealers
Register Your Haynes
Back
Timeline
Our story....
Terms & ConditionsWelcome to wmshaynes.com (“our site”). Should you continue to browse and use our site you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Wm. S. Haynes Co.'s relationship with you in relation to our site. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our site.The term ‘Wm. S. Haynes Co.’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of our site whose registered office is located at: 68 Nonset Path, Acton MA01720 USAThe term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our site.The use of our site is subject to the following terms of use:The content of the pages of our site is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.This website uses cookies to monitor browsing preferences.In general, you may visit wmshaynes.com without telling Wm. S. Haynes Co. who you are or revealing personal information about yourself. However, Wm. S. Haynes Co. and companies providing services to or on behalf of Wm. S. Haynes Co. may use various technologies, such as cookies and web beacons (1x1 pixels), to collect non-personal information discernible as a result of your visit.We may share Non-Personal Data with other third parties. When we do so we may aggregate
or de-identify the information so that a third party would not be likely to link data to you, your computer, or your device.Social media and lead generation features and widgets may be hosted by a third party. Your interactions with these features and widgets are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.Applicable data privacy laws give rights to individuals in respect of Personal Data
that organizations hold about them. If you wish to request a copy of the Personal Data that we hold about you or request that we rectify, delete, or limit the processing of your Personal Data, please submit your written request via info@wmshaynes.comNeither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on our site for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such
inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.Your use of any information or materials on our site is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through our site meet your specific requirements.Our site contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.All trademarks reproduced in our site which are not the property of, or licensed to us, are acknowledged on our site.Unauthorized use of our site may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal
offense.From time to time, our site may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).Your use of our site and any dispute arising out of such use of our site is subject to the applicable laws within the United States.We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to revise the terms and conditions by updating these Terms of Use. It is your responsibility to review these Terms of Use periodically for changes.Wm. S. Haynes Co.'s Privacy Policy as posted on our site is applicable and its terms are made a part of these Terms of Use by this reference.Privacy PolicyWhat information do we collect?We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address or mailing address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously. How do we use your information? Any of the information we collect from you may be used to register your Haynes instrument and to send periodic emails. Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, send an email with “unsubscribe” in the subject line to info@wmshaynes.com. How do we protect your information? We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.  We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Database to be only accessed by those authorized with special access rights to our systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers. How do you request a copy of your data?Please see our Terms & Conditions statement above for instructions on how to request a copy of your data. How do you delete your data?Please see our Terms & Conditions statement above for instructions on how to submit a request to delete your data. Do we use cookies? Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business. Do we disclose any information to outside parties? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are 13 years old or older. Online Privacy Policy Only This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline. Terms and Conditions Please also see our Terms & Conditions statement above establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at www.wmshaynes.com. Your Consent By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy. Changes to our Privacy Policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below. This policy was last modified on May 1st 2019 Contact Us If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below. 68 Nonset PathActon, MA, 01720, USA info@wmshaynes.com