https://www.learn-english-today.com/cookie-policy.html
Search this site:
search engine
by freefind
Learn English Today
Free materials and resources for learners of English.
Home
About
Contact
Site Map
Grammar
Exercises
Vocabulary
Idioms by Theme
Idioms Alphabetical
Proverbs
Business
Phrasal Verbs
Word Games
Quotations
New Words
Pronunciation
Resources Learners
Resources Teachers
Environment
Newspapers
Follow us on Facebook
Welcome to my guestmap
Please place a pin on the
guestmap to show
where you come from.
Many thanks for all your encouraging messages.
Guestmap information
Visitors :
COOKIE POLICY
No personal information concerning visitors is collected by this website.
However, our advertising and statistic partners sometimes place small data files called
cookies on your device.
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small text file saved
on your computer or mobile device when you visit a site.
It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other
display preferences) over a period of time, so that you don’t
have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to
the site.
Use of Information
Google, for example, uses cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse
traffic. Google also shares information about your use of their site with their social media, advertising and
analytics partners who may combine it with other information they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Analytics Cookies
Google Analytics cookies are used to help understand how people use a website in order to carry out statistical analysis
and market research. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form. Examples of information collected includes
the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from, how long each visitor spends on the site,
type of browser the visitor is using and the pages they visited.
For more information about this feature please visit:
Google analytics privacy policy
How to control cookies?
You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish – for details, see
aboutcookies.org.
Most modern
browsers will allow you to delete cookies, block cookies and change what cookies are stored in the future. Your
browser's 'help' function should explain how to do this.
Links
We are in no way responsible for websites that are linked from learn-english-today.com. Once you leave our website
we are unable to ensure your privacy. Please read the privacy policies of the other websites you visit.
By using our website, you accept this policy.
Please note that British English spelling is used on this website.
cookie policy
Copyright © www.learn-english-today.com. All Rights Reserved.
The materials found on this website may be copied for use in the classroom or for private study.
Any other use without permission is forbidden.
In particular, reproduction of any or all of these pages for use on another website
or social media is expressly forbidden.
Template Design: Expression Web Tutorials & Templates