https://www.tokentoolroom.com/privacy/
Milling,Turning,Welding | Home Machine Shop
Tools and machines for home machine shop milling,welding and turning
Home
Privacy
T&C
Contact
welding store
Sitemap
Privacy
April 2nd, 2012
Leave a comment
Go to comments
Tokentoolroom takes your privacy seriously. This privacy policy describes what personal information we collect and how we use it. See this privacy policy primer to learn more about privacy policies in general.
Routine Information Collection
All web servers track basic information about their visitors. This information includes, but is not limited to, IP addresses, browser details, timestamps and referring pages. None of this information can personally identify specific visitors to this site. The information is tracked for routine administration and maintenance purposes.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Where necessary, Tokentoolroom uses cookies to store information about a visitor’s preferences and history in order to better serve the visitor and/or present the visitor with customized content.
Advertising partners and other third parties may also use cookies, scripts and/or web beacons to track visitors to our site in order to display advertisements and other useful information. Such tracking is done directly by the third parties through their own servers and is subject to their own privacy policies.
Controlling Your Privacy.
Note that you can change your browser settings to disable cookies if you have privacy concerns. Disabling cookies for all sites is not recommended as it may interfere with your use of some sites. The best option is to disable or enable cookies on a per-site basis. Consult your browser documentation for instructions on how to block cookies and other tracking mechanisms. This list of web browser privacy management links may also be useful.
Special Note About Google Advertising
Any advertisements served by Google, Inc., and affiliated companies may be controlled using cookies. These cookies allow Google to display ads based on your visits to this site and other sites that use Google advertising services. Learn how to opt out of Google’s cookie usage. As mentioned above, any tracking done by Google through cookies and other mechanisms is subject to Google’s own privacy policies.
Contact Information
Concerns or questions about this privacy policy can be directed to us via our contact page for further clarification.
Comments (0)
Trackbacks (0)
Leave a comment
Trackback
No comments yet.
No trackbacks yet.
You must be logged in to post a comment.
RSS
Google
Youdao
Xian Guo
Zhua Xia
My Yahoo!
newsgator
Bloglines
iNezha
My Personal WorkshopHome
Why do this?
Workshop Layout
Machinery
Hobby Metalworking Lathe
Sieg X3 Milling Machine
Machine Tools
110 Piece Tap Die Set
Milling Rotary Table
Lathe & Milling Collets
Milling Machine V Blocks
Workshop Tools
40 Amp Plasma Cutter
Air Compressor
Bench Grinder
Cigweld 150 Amp Tig Welder
Cigweld 250 A Remote Head Mig Welder
Engine Hoist / Engine Crane
Hafco Bandsaw
Parts Washer
Telwin 100 A Mig Welder
Unimig Procraft 210 Welder
Projects
Telescope Adapter
Perpedge the perpendicular milling aid
US Army Hurcules APU
Documentation
My Blog Category List
Air Compressors (500)
CNC Equipment (70)
Lathes (92)
Milling Machines (58)
Plasma Cutters (59)
Projects (234)
Go Karts and DIY Karting (103)
Model Jets and Jet Engines (107)
Welders (373)
Mig Welding (86)
Tig Welding (169)
Welding Techniques (165)
Welding Aluminium (141)
Welding Stainless Steel (24)
Workshop Tools (6)
Most Recent Posts
Inverter AC DC TIG Welders For Sale Australia | Aluminium | Argon | Welding Alloy
The rise of Weld Cleaner Machines
Pulse Mig Tig Welder Aluminium Projects At Home
Electropolisher Machine Stainless Steel Weld Clean
10 steps to follow when buying a TIG welder
Power 10 Gas Cylinders Swap and Go For Speedgas Bottles At Face Value
Inverter Welder ARC TIG Miniarc 200ST
welding machines
Welding Equipment Supplies Throughout Queensland Via Brisbane
Aluminium Boat Welding Tips MIG TIG AC/DC Welders
Alusync 215 AC/DC Tig Welders For Aluminium On Sale | Welding Australia
Genuine Binzel MB Grip Mig Gun Torch 15 24 25 36
Tig Torch Stand Holder – Magnetic Tig Rest
Back Purging Regulator – Dual Flow Meter
Nitrous Oxide – Buy your own bottle and refill easily
Mine Compliant Braided Extension Leads For Tig Welding Plasma Machines
New Welding Magnets & Chain Pliers Clamp
Tanjant Plasma Cutter Circle Guide Kit
Car Restoration Welding Projects
Welding Gas Prices Australia | Oxygen | Argon
Blogroll
Search This Site
Search for:
Top
Tokentoolroom
Copyright © 1998-2020 Milling,Turning,Welding | Home Machine Shop
Theme by NeoEase. Valid XHTML 1.1 and CSS 3.