http://www.livingartscentre.ca/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Home
–
Privacy Policy
The Living Arts Centre and it’s wholly owned subsidiary LIVE Cuisine Inc. (Centre) is committed to protecting your privacy and confidentiality of personal information of employees, customers, supplies and others. In order to comply with privacy legislation, we have developed this Privacy Policy. Any personal identifiable information about a customer is considered personal information and will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
This policy applies to all individuals associated with Centre including staff, volunteers, and board members.
Identified Purposes
The Centre only collects, uses and discloses Personal Information for the following purposes:
Offering and providing products and services to you
For processing and administration of payroll and benefits for employees
Confirming and assessing your eligibility for products and services
Providing you with ongoing services, establishing and maintaining communication with you
Compiling statistics
Meeting legal and regulatory requirements including complying with law or the requests of law enforcement agencies
Notifying you or allowing affiliated companies to notify you of certain products or services offered by us and or our affiliated companies
Consent
Your knowledge and consent of Centre's collection, use and disclosure of your personal information is critical. We rely on the following actions by you as indicators of your consent
Your voluntary provision of personal information to us for the purpose of any of the above identified purposes.
Your consent is given through authorized representatives such as legal guardian, agent or holder of a power of attorney.
Subject to certain legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice, you may withdraw this consent at any time. In some cases refusing to provide certain personal information or withdrawing consent for LAC to collect, use or disclose your personal information could mean that we cannot provide you with services, products or information.
If you wish to withdraw your consent email us at privacy.officer@livingarts.on.ca or call us at: 905-306-6100
Accuracy
The Centre will maintain your personal information as accurate, complete and up to date as is necessary for identified purposes.
Safeguards
The Centre will ensure that personal data is protected. Any data that is transferred to or from the Centre is also bound by the same high standards of protection.
Limiting Collection and retention of personal information
We will only collect, use or disclose personal information that is necessary for the Identified Purposes or as required by law. The Centre will not collect personal information indiscriminately. If we require personal information for any other purposes, you will be notified of the new purpose and subject to your consent, that new purpose will become an identified purpose. We will retain personal information only as long as necessary for the fulfilment of the identified purposes, unless the law requires that the information be retained for an extended period of time.
Accountability, Openness and customer access
The Centre is responsible for all personal information under its control and has designated a Privacy Officer who is accountable to management for our compliance with this privacy policy and acts as the Centre’s arbitrator on information privacy and security matters. Individual managers also have responsibility to oversee compliance for their area of responsibility.
We will make available to you information about our policies and practises relating to the management of personal information.
We will give you access to your personal information at your request, subject to any legal or business restrictions.
Challenging compliance
You may contact us with any questions, concerns, or suggestions with respect to our privacy policy at the address below:
Attention: Privacy Officer Living Arts Centre 4141 Living Arts Drive Mississauga, Ontario L4B 4B8 905-306-6028
Email address: privacy.officer@livingarts.on.ca
Buy Tickets
Plan Your Visit
Register for Courses & Camp