http://www.cityoflondonchoir.org/about-us/data-privacy-policy/
Sub Categories
Home » About us » Data & Privacy Policy
What kinds of personal data do we hold and how do we collect it?
We may hold personal data relating to singers, supporters and professional musicians.
For singers, including current, former and prospective members and others who may have sung with us on occasion, the data we hold will include personal information you have provided to us, such as your name, date of birth, contact details, and Gift Aid declarations, and information generated by the Choir, such as your voice part allocation, records of payments received (including subscriptions and donations), and information relating to auditions and concerts.
For our supporters, the data we hold will include personal information you have provided to us, such as contact details, Gift Aid declarations, and information generated by the Choir, such as records of donations received.
What do we use your personal data for?
We use personal data solely for the purposes of running and managing the Choir according to its charitable objects, including promoting, arranging and publicising concerts that we perform in, and organising rehearsals and our other activities, such as tours, recordings, fundraising and social activities.
What are the legal grounds for holding your data?
We hold data:
where it is in our legitimate interests to do so, such as for managing our membership and promoting our activities;
with your explicit consent, such as when you ask to join our mailing list;
for the fulfilment of a contractual obligation; or
to comply with any legal obligations.
How can you withdraw your consent and what are your rights with respect to your data?
Where we rely on your consent to process your data, you may withdraw this consent at any time by emailing us at
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please email us at
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up-to-date. You may ask us to correct or remove information that you think is inaccurate.
You also have the right to object to or restrict processing of your data. Under certain circumstances, you may also require that personal information we hold on you be erased. Please email us at
When do we share your data with third parties?
We only share data with third parties in limited circumstances, such as when it is necessary to a task undertaken for the Choir by people and organisations who are working on our behalf, or when it is required to enable us to work with an organisation. An example is when we provide lists of singers’ names to venues in which we are performing. In all such cases, the data provided will only be that which is necessary for the particular task or circumstance.
Your personal data may be transferred outside the EEA; if this happens, we have to ensure appropriate safeguards are in place. For example, when we use a mailing service whose servers are hosted in the USA, we consider that we are covered by the US/EU Privacy Shield.
How long do we hold your data?
We hold data for as long as we have reasonable need to do so and in line with legal and regulatory requirements. For singers including current and former members, after you have ceased to sing with us, we will keep your information for ten years after the date of your last audition if you have not joined our alumni. For alumni and others who may have sung with us on occasion, we will keep your information until you ask us to stop contacting you. For prospective members we will keep your information for ten years. For supporters, we will keep your information until you ask us to stop contacting you.
What are your rights under data protection laws?
Subject to certain legal conditions, you have the right to request a copy of the personal data about you which we hold, to have any inaccurate personal data corrected and to object to or restrict our using your personal data. In certain circumstances, you may require personal data we hold on you to be erased. You also have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office which enforces data protection laws: https://ico.org.uk/.
Who is the Data Controller?
The Data Controller is the City of London Choir, a Charitable Incorporated Organisation (no. 1164955), which can be contacted by email to
Or, by post to 20 Highclere Road, New Malden, Surrey KT3 3HJ.
Changes to our data and privacy policy
We keep this policy under regular review. This policy was last reviewed in May 2018.
About us
What the critics say
News
Alumni
Education programme
YATS and YSS testimonials
Hire us
What the public say
Choir management and contacts
Useful information and acknowledgements
Data & Privacy Policy