http://www.sanrio.com/pages/privacy-policy
Free Standard Shipping On All US Orders Over $30
Order by 12/15 12pm PST to get it in time for Christmas!
FREE Friend of the Month Pin with $35 Purchase
New
Collaborations
Characters
Apparel
Bags & Accessories
Home & Kitchen
Plush & Toys
Stationery
More...
My Account
Login
Create Account
Login
Blog
Hello Kitty Cafe
Store Locator
Wishlist
FF7CAC4C-4B6C-482F-9F0E-CF56C3DD49F3
Search
0
Cart
What are you looking for?
Explore The Small Business, Big Smile Initiative
All Collabs
Adorned By Chi x Hello Kitty
CASETiFY x Hello Kitty
The Crème Shop
Dumbgood x Sanrio
Hello Kitty x Starface
Herschel x Hello Kitty
Japangeles x Sanrio
Loungefly x Sanrio
Staple Pigeon x Hello Kitty
Stoney Clover Lane x Hello Kitty
The Hundreds x Sanrio
Zumba x Hello Kitty
Featured Collections
Gudetama Lazy 80s
Sanrio 60th Anniversary
Aggretsuko
Badtz-Maru
Chococat
Cinnamoroll
Gudetama
Hangyodon
Hello Kitty
Keroppi
Kuromi
Little Twin Stars
Marumofubiyori
Monkichi
My Melody
Pekkle
Pochacco
Pompompurin
Sanrio Boys
Tuxedosam
All Sanrio Characters
Multi-Character
Other Sanrio Characters
All Apparel
Tops
Bottoms
Dresses
Loungewear
Outerwear
Swimwear
Featured Collections
Gudetama Lazy 80s
Sanrio 60th Anniversary
Sanrio Retro Logo Puff Print T-Shirt
$55.00
Zumba x Hello Kitty Swarovski Crystals Button Down
$89.00
Adorned by Chi x Hello Kitty Graphic Tee
$34.99
All Bags & Accessories
Bags
Handbags
Tote Bags
Backpacks
Wallets
Coin Purses
Crossbody Bags
Shoulder Bags
Clutches & Wristlets
Cosmetic Bags
Drawstring Bags
Shoes
Jewelry
Bracelets
Earrings
Necklaces
Rings
Watches
Hair Accessories
Hats
Socks
Badge Holder & Lanyards
Keychains
Tech Accessories
Hello Kitty x Casetify Produce Sticker iPhone Case Ultra Impact
from
$45.00
All Home & Kitchen
Home Decor
Blankets & Throws
Kitchen
Bath
Kuromi Logo Carry On Suitcase Small
$195.00
Aggretsuko Tissue Box Cover: Rage
$22.00
Hello Kitty & Friends Plush Pillar Pillow
Sold Out
My Melody Japanese Folding Fan Ribbons
$25.00
Plush
Mascots
Cushions
Collectibles
Blind Boxes
Figures
Aggretsuko Metal Karaoke 3D Scene
$9.99
Polaroid x Hello Kitty 600 Camera
$150.00
Hello Kitty 8" Quiccs Art Figure Neon Pop Edition
$75.00
Gudetama Extra Large Extra Lazy Plush
$228.05
All Stationery
Books & Manga
Calendars & Planners
Erasers
Filing & Organization
Greeting Cards
Letter Sets & Envelopes
Memo Pads
Notebooks
Pens & Pencils
Pencil Cases
Stickers
Sticky Notes
Washi Tape
Hello Kitty Star Ballpoint Pen
$10.00
Little Twin Stars Seashells Clear File Folder
Sold Out
Aggretsuko: Metal to the Max
$9.99
Beauty
Makeup
Skin Care
Tools
Bath & Body
Travel
Luggage
Umbrellas
Car Accessories
Kids
Clothing & Shoes
Baby Gear
Toys
Explore The Small Business, Big Smile Initiative
Privacy Policy
Please Read This Privacy Policy Carefully Before Using the Sanrio.com SiteSanrio, Inc. ("Sanrio," "we," "us", "our") provides www.sanrio.com (the "Site"). We are committed to safeguarding all personally identifiable information we collect through our Site and to explaining the choices you ("users," "you" or "your") can make about the collection and use of your personally identifiable information on or through the Site.This Privacy Policy explains our information practices in connection with the Site, and our Terms of Use govern your use of the Site. Except as set forth within this Privacy Policy, we do not release personally identifiable information about our users without their permission.
1. The Information We GatherSanrio gathers two types of information about users:
1.1. Non-Personal Information “Non-Personal Information” is information that does not reveal your specific identity or relate to an identifiable individual. When users come to the Site, we collect Non-Personal Information indicating, among other things, which pages of the Site were visited, the order in which they were visited and which hyperlinks were "clicked". Collecting such information involves the logging of the IP addresses, operating system and browser software used by each user to the Site. We can also determine from an IP address a user's Internet Service Provider and the approximate geographic location of his or her point of connectivity.
We also use Cookies (i.e., small pieces of data that are stored on the computer you are using) to help us determine the Site content user visits, the length of time each user spends at any particular area of the Site and the specific functionality that users choose to use. Cookies allow us to serve you better, more securely and more efficiently, to understand how The Site is used and to personalize your experience at the Site. Cookies also may be used to facilitate a user's log-in.Your browser may permit you to control how and whether Cookies will be accepted by your web browser. Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject Cookies in the "Settings" section of the toolbar. You may also wish to refer to http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html. If you reject our Cookies, certain of the functions and conveniences of the Site may not work properly, We do not currently respond to browser do-not-track signals.
Google AnalyticsThis Site uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses Cookies and similar technologies to help analyze how users use the Site. Google uses the information it collects for the purpose of evaluating use of the Site, compiling reports on Site activity for us, and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also collect information regarding the use of other websites and online services. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ and exercise the opt-out provided by Google by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
AdvertisingSanrio may work with third party companies to serve advertisements to you. These companies place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser (including through the use of pixel tags) to collect information related to your use of the Site and other websites. They use the information collected to target advertisements to you when you use the Site and other websites. You may opt out of this advertising by clicking here.1.2. Personally Identifiable Information
“Personally Identifiable Information” is Information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable individual. Personally Identifiable Information includes information such as your name, home address, telephone number, e-mail address and payment card information).We collect Personally Identifiable Information that you provide to us when you, for example, create an account, make a purchase in our online store, subscribe to e-mail newsletters, participate in contests, sweepstakes and other promotions, or participate in online polls and surveys.
If you provide us with Personally Identifiable Information relating to other people (to, for example, send a gift), you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
2. How We Use the Information We GatherPlease take some time to familiarize yourself with the different ways Sanrio uses the information that we gather.
2.1. Non-Personal Information.In addition to the uses described in Section 1.1, above, Sanrio may use and disclose Non-Personal Information for any purpose, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law. If we are required to treat Non-Personal Information as Personally Identifiable Information under applicable law, we may use and disclose it for the purposes for which we use and disclose Personally Identifiable Information as detailed in this Privacy Policy. In some instances, we may combine Non-Personal Information with Personally Identifiable Information. If we do, we will treat the combined information as Personally Identifiable Information as long as it is combined.
We may anonymize and/or aggregate Personally Identifiable Information so that it will no longer be considered Personally Identifiable Information. We do so to generate other data for our use, which we may use and disclose for any purpose, as it no longer identifies any user.
2.2. Personally Identifiable Information.Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy or as specifically agreed to by you, Sanrio will not disclose any Personally Identifiable Information we gather from you on the Site. In addition to the other uses set forth in this Privacy Policy, we may use and disclose Personally Identifiable Information as described below.(a) Creating an Account. Sanrio may use the Personally Identifiable Information that we collect from you when you create an account to contact you in connection with your use of the Site and to track who uses the various features and functionality offered at the Site. Additionally, we may use this information in determining the types of features, functionality, products and services to offer through the Site or otherwise.(b) Making Purchases. Sanrio uses this Personally Identifiable Information collected during the purchasing process to fulfill the order, send the product and/or provide the service and provide you with related customer service.(c) Subscribing to Newsletters. Sanrio uses contact information collected during subscription to send you the newsletter and special offers.(e) Participating In Contests, Sweepstakes and Other Promotions. Sanrio uses Personally Identifiable Information it may collect from you in connection with your participation in a contest, sweepstakes or other promotion through the Site for purposes of operating the promotion and fulfilling prizes. If a third party administers the contest, sweepstakes or other promotion, your participation may be subject to that third party's terms and conditions, and privacy policy. The rules applicable these promotions may have additional detail about how we will use and disclose the information we collect.(f) Participating in Online Polls and Surveys. Sanrio may share aggregate information about our users with our advertising partners, such as that gathered from online polls or surveys. We need to do this so that our advertising partners can target their advertisements at the right audiences. (g) Communications with Sanrio. When you send an e-mail message to or otherwise contact Sanrio, Sanrio may use the information provided by you to respond to your communication and/or as described in this Privacy Policy.(h) Accomplishing Our Business Purposes. We use Personally Identifiable Information to accomplish our business purposes, such as data analysis; audits; fraud and security monitoring; developing new products and services; enhancing, improving, maintaining, repairing or modifying our current products and services; identifying usage trends; determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns; and operating and expanding our business activities. (i) Disclosure to Service Providers. To assist Sanrio with its operations, we disclose Personally Identifiable Information to our service providers, to facilitate services they provide to us. These service providers include providers of services such as information technology, website hosting, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment, customer service, email delivery, auditing and other services. (j) Purchase or Sale of Business. We may disclose and/or transfer your Personally Identifiable Information to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).(k) Government Authorities; Legal Rights and Actions. Sanrio may share your Personally Identifiable Information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process; to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; or as otherwise required by law. We also may share your Personally Identifiable Information when we believe it is appropriate to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal or suspected illegal activities; to protect and defend the rights, property, or safety of the Site, us, our users, customers, or others; and in connection with the enforcement of our Terms of Use and other agreements. 3. Children's PrivacyWe encourage parents to monitor their children's online activities, and to help us protect their privacy by instructing them never to provide their full name, address and other personally identifiable information without their parent's permission. For more information on our privacy practices concerning children under the age of thirteen, please read the Sanrio Children's Privacy Policy.
4. Third Party SitesFor your convenience, the Site may include links to web sites operated by companies other than Sanrio that we believe may be of interest to you (“Third Party Sites”). Sanrio does not endorse and is not responsible for the privacy practices of these Third Party Sites. If you choose to visit one of these Third Party Sites, you should carefully review the privacy policy posted on this other web site to understand how that Third Party Site collects and uses your Personally Identifiable Information.
5. Sanrio Security ProceduresThe security and confidentiality of your Personally Identifiable Information is extremely important to us. We have implemented technical, administrative, and physical security measures designed to protect your Personally Identifiable Information from unauthorized access and improper use. Despite Sanrio's efforts to protect your Personally Identifiable Information, there is always some risk that an unauthorized third party may find a way around our security systems or that transmissions of your information over the Internet will be intercepted.6. Changes To This Privacy PolicyPlease note that Sanrio reviews its privacy practices from time to time, and that these practices are subject to change. Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on our Site. We ask that you bookmark and periodically review this web page to ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our Privacy Policy.
7. International UsersThe Site is hosted in the United States and is intended for and directed to users only in the United Statesand Canada. Your Personally Identifiable Information may be stored and processed in any country in which we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and, by using the Site, you understand that your information will be transferred to countries that may be outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your own country. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access your Personally Identifiable Information.
8. Accessing, Changing or Deleting Your Personally Identifiable InformationIf you want to request to (a) delete your Personally Identifiable Information from our systems, (b) update the Personally Identifiable Information that you have provided to us, or (c) change your preferences with respect to contacts or other activities, you can e-mail us at webmaster@sanrio.com. For your protection, we may only implement requests with respect to the Personally Identifiable Information associated with the particular e-mail address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. Keep in mind, however, that there may be residual information that will remain within Sanrio databases, access logs and other records.If you are a California resident, please refer to the “Additional Information Regarding California” section at the end of this Privacy Policy for more information about the requests you may make under the California Consumer Privacy Act. If you are a Nevada Resident, please refer to the “Additional Information Regarding Nevada” section at the end of this Privacy Policy for more information about your rights under Nevada Privacy Law.9. Questions, Comments or ConcernsTo contact Sanrio about privacy issues, please e-mail us at privacystandards@sanrio.com. You may also contact us at: Sanrio, Inc.; 2050 W. 190th St, Suite 205, Torrance, CA 90504 or call us at: (310) 896-3262.Before using this site, please also read our Terms of Use and our Children's Privacy Policy.10. Additional Information Regarding CaliforniaPursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), we are providing the following additional details regarding the categories of “Personal Information” (as that term is defined by the CCPA) about California residents that we have collected or disclosed within the preceding 12 months:(1) We collected the following categories of Personal Information:A. Identifiers, such as name;B. Personal information, as defined in the California safeguards law, such as contact information;C. Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as gender;D. Commercial information, such as transaction information and purchase history;E. Internet or network activity information, such as browsing history and interactions with our website;F. Geolocation data, such as device location and [IP location]; andG. Inferences drawn from any of the Personal Information listed above to create a [profile/summary] about, for example, an individual’s preferences and characteristics.As described in Section 2.2, above, we may use Personal Information for our business purposes, including to operate, manage and maintain our business, to provide our products and services, to develop, improve, and maintain our products and services; personalize, advertise and market our products and services; conduct data analysis; maintain our facilities and infrastructure; undertake quality and safety assurance measures; conduct risk and security control and monitoring; detect and prevent fraud; perform identity verification; perform accounting, audit and other internal functions; comply with law, legal process and internal policies; maintain records; and exercise and defend legal claims.(2) We disclosed the following Personal Information to third parties, such as our service providers for our operational business purposes: A. Identifiers, such as name;B. Personal information, as defined in the California safeguards law, such as contact information;C. Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as gender;D. Commercial information, such as transaction information and purchase history;E. Internet or network activity information, such as browsing history and interactions with our website;F. Geolocation data, such as device location and [IP location]; andG. Inferences drawn from any of the Personal Information listed above to create a [profile/summary] about, for example, an individual’s preferences and characteristics.
(3) We have not sold the following categories of Personal Information: A. Identifiers, such as name;B. Personal information, as defined in the California safeguards law, such as contact information;C. Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as gender;D. Commercial information, such as transaction information and purchase history;E. Internet or network activity information, such as browsing history and interactions with our website;F. Geolocation data, such as device location and [IP location]; andG. Inferences drawn from any of the Personal Information listed above to create a [profile/summary] about, for example, an individual’s preferences and characteristics.
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “sold” or “sale” means the disclosure of Personal Information for monetary or other valuable consideration but does not include, for example, the transfer of Personal Information as an asset that is part of a merger, bankruptcy or other disposition of all or any portion of our business.If you are a California resident, you may request that we:
(1) Disclose to you the following information covering the 12 months preceding your request: o The categories of Personal Information we collected about you and the categories of sources from which we collected such Personal Information;o The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you; o The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling (if applicable) Personal Information about you;o The categories of Personal Information about you that we sold and the categories of third parties to whom we sold such Personal Information (if applicable); ando The categories of Personal Information about you that we otherwise shared or disclosed, and the categories of third parties with whom we shared or to whom we disclosed such Personal Information (if applicable).
(2) Delete Personal Information we collected from you.To make a request for the disclosures or deletion described above, please contact us at the email address provided in the “Questions, Comments or Concerns” section above. We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law. In some instances, we may decline to honor your request where an exception applies, such as where the disclosure of Personal Information would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of another California resident. You have the right to be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your rights under the CCPA.11. Additional Information Regarding NevadaNevada Residents: If you would like to request that we refrain from selling your Covered Information, as defined under Nevada Privacy Law, please contact webmaster@sanrio.com.