https://www.platinumloops.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
PLATINUMLOOPS.COM PRIVACY STATEMENT
Platinumloops.com is committed to respecting and protecting the privacy of visitors to our web sites as well as the privacy of our actual customers.
For visitors
We have structured our web sites so that, in general, you can visit us on the web without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information.
For customers
Once you choose to provide us personally identifiable information (any information by which you can be identified), you can be assured that it will only be used to support your customer relationship with Platinumloops.com.
Visitors To Our Web Site
What information do we collect?
When you visit our web site, our web server collects basic user information about you that includes your ISP’s domain, the time you accessed our web site, and the pages from within our web site that you visit.
We may at times also use cookies, which are small pieces of information that a web site can store in a designated file on your computer.
Cookies allow a web application to respond to you as an individual. By gathering and remembering information about your preferences, the web application can tailor its operation to your needs, likes, and dislikes.
Our web server does not collect your e-mail address or aggregate information on what other pages on the Web you have accessed or visited.
How do we use this information?
The basic user information collected is used to help us analyze web traffic and to improve the content of our web site. Cookies may be used to facilitate your customer interaction with us. For example, we may use a cookie on the landing page of products sold online which record the customer information that is required on the order form, and then forward this information to our internal sales tracking database.
We may from time to time disclose to third parties aggregate information on our web site’s traffic profile. For example, Internet advertising companies may require this data to help us better target our advertisements on our web site(s) and/or other web sites.
Note that our site provides links to products and services offered by other companies; the company’s web site that you link to will be able to determine that you linked from our web site.
Platinumloops.com Customers
Credit Card Information
At no time is Platinumloops.com ever in possession of your complete credit card information. All of our online transactions are processed by Worldpay and Paypal using their secure servers and remain in a secure environment Platinumloops.com also cannot gain access to your complete credit card information.
What information do we collect?
When you sign up for Platinumloops.com ‘s services, you provide us with contact. Contact information typically includes your name, address, and phone number. While you are a Platinumloops.com customer, we manage information with regard to your account status, choice of services, and customer logs.
In addition, we may store customers’ electronic mail and other communications as a necessary incident to the transmission and delivery of those communications.
How do we use this information?
We use the contact information you provide us to establish our service for you. We create and maintain other information such as customer account status, choice of services, and customer logs in the normal course of providing service.
Platinumloops.com may share customer information with selected partners/third parties, for example, to provide you with information about products which might be of interest to you or to enable you to take advantage of special partner programs. Platinumloops.com may also use customer information to provide customers with system information or information about new or upgraded products.
We will not otherwise disclose customer personal and account information unless we have reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to identify, make contact with, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing harm or interfering with the rights or property of Platinumloops.com , our customers, or others, or where Platinumloops.com has a good faith belief that the law requires such disclosure.
Platinumloops.com also will not, except for reasons stated below, disclose to third parties the contents of any electronic mail or other electronic communications that Platinumloops.com stores or transmits for its customers. The circumstances under which Platinumloops.com will disclose such electronic customer communications are when:
1. It is necessary in order to provide service to the customer;
2. It is necessary to protect the legitimate interests of Platinumloops.com and its customers;
3. It is required to cooperate with interception orders, warrants, or other legal process that
Platinumloops.com determines in its sole discretion to be valid and enforceable; and
4. It is necessary to provide to a law enforcement agency when the contents are inadvertently
obtained by Platinumloops.com and appear to pertain to the commission of a crime.
Platinumloops.com disclaims any intention to censor, edit, or engage in ongoing review or surveillance of communications stored on or transmitted through its facilities by customers or others. Platinumloops.com will, however, review, delete, or block access to communications that may harm Platinumloops.com , its customers or third parties. The grounds on which Platinumloops.com may take such action include, but are not limited to, actual or potential violations of Platinumloops.com ‘s Terms of Use.
Customers may opt out of receiving newsletters and/or notices of new or upgraded products from Platinumloops.com by sending a request to privacy@platinumloops.com. In this request, customers must identify the exact contact information they wish us to remove. Please note, however, that Platinumloops.com reserves the right to send bulletins and other important information regarding our services at our discretion.
Search for Loops and Samples
Search for:
Search
Loops and Samples
Genre
Blues
Bollywood
Chillout / Lounge
Christmas
Cinematic
Dirty South
Disco
Drum n Bass
Dubstep
EDM
Ethnic / World
Indian
Jazz
Funk
Hip Hop
Horror
House
Complextro
Progressive House
Swedish House
Tech House
Jungle
Latin
Metal / Metalcore
Orchestral
Pop
R & B
Reggae & Ska
Reggaeton
Rock
Soul
Techno
Trance
Trap
Instrument
Bass Guitar
Brass, Reeds & Horns
Drums > Acoustic
Funk
Metal / Metalcore
Rock
Drums > Electronic
Hip Hop
Guitar > Acoustic
Guitar > Electric
Blues
Hip Hop Guitars
Metal Guitars
Harp
Keyboards & Piano
Mandolin
Percussion
DJ Scratch
Sitar
Synthesizer
Upright Double Bass
Violin and Strings
Vocals
MegaPack Bundles
Multisamples
Beat Making Tutorials and Tips
Learn About WAV Files
Rex2 Loops and Samples
How to Make Beats – The Beginners Guide
How to Use Abletons Beat Repeat
How To Work With The Rex2 Files In Reason
Free MIDI Hip Hop Drum Loops – Famous Drum Breaks
Free MIDI Drum Loops – Most Sampled Drum Breaks
How to Make Beats in Garageband using Loops
How to Reduce Vocals from a Sample in Logic
How to Create a Screaming Wobble Synth in Garageband
How to Master a Track in Logic Pro
Free Dubstep Song Template for Logic Pro
Free Ableton Template for Dubstep
Free Massive Presets for Dubstep – Dubstep Mischief V2
Free Massive Presets for Dubstep – Mischief
Free Dubstep Samples – Dubtropilis (220mb)
How to Create a Wobble Bass Synth in Logic Pro
How to Make a Skrillex Reptile Bass in Massive
How to Create a Pitch Drop Wobble Synth in Ableton
Free Loops and Samples