http://www.atlantasymphony.org/About/privacy
Concerts & Tickets
Buy Tickets
Calendar
Subscriptions
Virtual Memberships
Plan Your Visit
Directions & Parking
Dining & Lodging
Seating Charts
Plan Your Visit Overview
Listen & Watch
ASO Virtual Stage
ASO Media - Recording Label
Education & Community
Community
Educators
Families
About
Conductors & Musicians
Mission & History
Awards & Recordings
Newsroom
Giving
Overview
Ways To Support
Why Your Support Matters
Donor Recognition
My Account
Cart
Contact
Concerts & Tickets
Plan Your Visit
Listen & Watch
Education & Community
About
Giving
Buy Tickets
Calendar
Subscriptions
Virtual Memberships
Box Office
Symphony Hall LIVE
BRAVO Young Professionals
Group Tickets
Student Tickets
Ticket Exchanges
Directions & Parking
Dining & Lodging
Seating Charts
Plan Your Visit Overview
Box Office
The Symphony Store
New to the Symphony?
Late Seating Policy
Program Notes
Pre-Concert Talks
Accessibility
FAQs
ASO Virtual Stage
ASO Media - Recording Label
Spotify
YouTube Channel
iTunes
Radio Broadcasts
Community
Educators
Families
Atlanta Symphony Youth Orchestra
Concerts For Young People - Musical Field Trips!
Talent Development Program
Music for the Very Young
Contacts
Conductors & Musicians
Mission & History
Awards & Recordings
Newsroom
Atlanta Symphony Orchestra Chorus
Atlanta School of Composers
Jobs & Auditions
Email Newsletters
Contact Us
Music Director - Robert Spano
Board of Directors
Administrative Staff
Overview
Ways To Support
Why Your Support Matters
Donor Recognition
Donate Today
Planned Giving
Donor Benefits
Corporate & Foundation Sponsors
Atlanta Symphony Associates
FAQs
Connect With Us
Privacy Policy
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Overview
Contact Us
What We Collect And Process
How and Why We Use Your Personal Information
Sharing Your Personal Information
Protecting Your Personal Information
Your Choices
Customer Review
IP Addresses
Cookies and Related Technologies
Social Media
Links to Other Websites
Children
California Residents
OVERVIEW
Effective Date: August 18, 2020
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how the Robert W. Woodruff Arts Center, Inc. d/b/a Atlanta Symphony Orchestra (“we,” “us,” “our,” “ours,”) collects and processes personal information when you interact with us online through our website (www.atlantasymphony.org) or through the use of our products or services. This Policy applies to anyone who interacts with us in connection with our products or services (“you,” “your,” “yours”), whether through our website, applications, tools, forms, email, or in person (“Products and Services”).
Your use of our Products and Services is subject to this Policy and the Terms of Service available at https://www.aso.org/About/Terms. By using our Products and Services, including this website, you acknowledge that you have read and understand this Policy and that you agree to its contents. You do not have to provide personal information to us. Please note, however, that if you do not provide certain personal information, you may not be able to use or access all or portions of our Products and Services.
We will occasionally update this Policy. When we do, we will revise the effective date, above. Your continued use of our Products and Services after such changes means you accept the Policy as revised. We encourage you to periodically review this Policy to stay informed about how we collect and process your personal information.
CONTACT US
If you have questions about this Policy, you may contact us at:
Woodruff Arts Center Information Services
1280 Peachtree Street, NE
Atlanta, GA 30309
We can also be reached at aso.information@atlantasymphony.org or +1 404 733 4900.
WHAT WE COLLECT AND PROCESS
What personal information we collect and process depends on how and why you interact with us.
Personal Information You Provide
We collect personal information that you provide to us when you use our Products and Services, communicate with us, sign up for an account, or otherwise submit information to us. For example, personal information we collect and process that you provide to us includes:
• Contact information such as your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, and contact preferences;
• Account and user profile information when you register for an account, create or modify your profile, and set account preferences;
• Products and Services use information (including contact information, survey information, and/or website registrations) and purchase history;
• Questionnaire information you provide, such as your demographic information or opinions about our Products and Services; and
• Information you volunteer, such as when you choose to register with our website, become a member of one of our divisions, purchase items or order tickets through our website, join an email club, make a donation to one of our divisions, sign up for a course or training, participate in a survey, or contact us with your questions or comments.
Note, we do not collect the personal financial information you provide when you pay for our Products and Services. That information is collected and used only by our service providers (for example, Ticketmaster).
Personal Information We Collect From Third Parties
We collect personal information from third parties, including:
• Fraud detection and credit reference agencies to correct our records and help prevent and detect fraud;
• Sources that are available to the public, which we might combine with information that we collect from you directly;
• Your parent or guardian, if you are under 18 years old; and
• A family member or someone else acting on your behalf.
We also collect aggregate information from third parties that make our Products and Services available for use, including general demographic information. We collect aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit. This aggregate data does not personally identify you, and we do not use it in conjunction with other information to personally identify you.
Personal Information We Collect Automatically
We also collect information automatically when you browse our website and use our Products and Services, some of which could be considered personal information. The information we automatically collect includes:
• Your domain name;
• User specific information on what pages consumers access or visit;
• Cookies;
• Your IP address;
• The date and time of your visit;
• Your computer type, device, and network information;
• Referring URL (i.e., the page from which you navigated to our website);
• What areas of the website you accessed, browsed, searched for, or used; and
• Time spent on our website and related statistical information.
Note, we do not use this information to personally identify you. We use it to administer, operate, and improve our Products and Services. The process by which we collect this information is through cookies, pixels, tags, and similar online technologies. See our “Cookies and Related Technologies” section, below, for more information.
HOW AND WHY WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use your personal information to:
• Provide and secure our Products and Services;
• Establish and manage accounts;
• Provide customer support, troubleshoot issues, manage our Products and Services, and respond to requests, questions, and comments;
• Communicate with you about our Products and Services, and administer participation in programs, events, and other Products and Services;
• Supply you with periodic mailings or emails from us with information on new Products and Services and upcoming events;
• Conduct market research studies and reports and consumer research and analyze trends;
• Perform accounting, auditing, billing, reconciliation, and collection activities;
• Prevent, detect, identify, investigate, and respond to potential or actual claims, liabilities, prohibited behavior, and criminal activity;
• Comply with and enforce legal requirements, agreements, and policies; and
• Achieve purposes for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection.
If you have consented to our use of personal information for a specific purpose, you have the right to change your mind at any time, but this will not affect any processing that has already taken place.
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may share personal information with the following categories of parties and as otherwise described in this Policy or at the time of collection:
• With current and future organizations that are part of our network of organizations for the purposes described in this Policy;
• With our service providers who help us perform and deliver our Products and Services, including: Products and Services delivery and fulfillment, form processing, website management and hosting, information technology and security, payment processing, email and newsletter delivery, advertising and sponsorships, and auditing;
• With the appropriate authorities if we believe disclosure is necessary to prevent physical, financial, or other harm, injury, or loss, including to protect against fraud or credit risk;
• With legal, governmental, or judicial authorities as instructed or required by those authorities and applicable laws, or in relation to a legal activity, such as in response to a subpoena or investigation of suspected illicit or illegal activities, or where we believe in good faith that users may be engaged in illicit or illegal activities, or where we are bound by contract or law to enable a network partner to comply with applicable laws;
• With necessary third parties in connection with, or during negotiations for, an acquisition, merger, asset sale, or other similar business transfer that involves all or substantially all of our assets or functions where personal information is transferred or shared as part of the business assets;
• With your consent or at your direction, such as when you choose to share information or publicly post content and reviews (for example, social media posts); and
• With persons of your choosing and at your discretion, should the Products and Services you are subscribed to allow for that functionality.
We may also share the information you provided in aggregate (nonpersonally identifiable) form with third parties. We may also share your email addresses and mailing addresses with other reputable organizations we think you might find interesting. We will not share your telephone numbers with any other organizations. We do not partner with nor have special relationships with any ad server companies.
PROTECTING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
While no one can guarantee your personal information is completely secure at all times, we use administrative, organizational, technical, and physical safeguards to protect the personal information we collect and process. Our security controls are designed to maintain data confidentiality and integrity, and give us appropriate access to your data.
Among other things, we use professional third party service providers and data centers to provide our Products and Services. Those data centers implement industry standard measures to protect the security of the personal information we collect. For example, those service providers and data centers use SSL (Secure Socket Layers), firewalls, and digital certificates to help protect your personal information. The financial partners we use that collect and process payment information follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard.
While we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or any information provided by our online Products and Services, and you do so at your own risk. We will not be liable for disclosures of your personal information due to errors in transmission or unauthorized acts of third parties. However, once we receive your transmission, we will make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password. If you lose or forget your password, we will email your account a password reset link or you can contact us at aso.information@atlantasymphony.org or +1 404 733 4357.
YOUR CHOICES
You may choose not to receive marketing communications from us by clicking on the unsubscribe link in our marketing emails or by contacting us as described, below. If you do not wish to receive mailings, email, or telephone calls from us in the future, please email us at aso.information@atlantasymphony.org. Please provide us with your exact name and address. We will be sure your name and personal contact information are removed from our lists. You may also let us know by contacting us by mail at:
Woodruff Arts Center Information Services
1280 Peachtree Street, NE
Atlanta, GA 30309
or via phone at +1 404 733 4357
If you provide us with inconsistent privacy preferences (for example, by indicating on one occasion that we may provide you with marketing offers and on another occasion that we may not), we will treat it as if you opted out to receive our marketing communications. You can also choose to deactivate your account at any time.
CUSTOMER REVIEW
Upon request, we provide website visitors with access to all information, including personal information, that we maintain about them. Consumers can access this information and have it corrected by sending us an email at aso.information@atlantasymphony.org.
IP ADDRESSES
For each visitor to our website, our server automatically recognizes the visitor’s domain name or Internet Protocol address. An Internet Protocol ("IP") address is a number that is automatically assigned to every computer connected to the Internet. When visitors request pages from our website, our servers log the visitors’ IP addresses. We do not normally link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, which means that a visitor's session will be logged, but the visitor remains anonymous to us. We collect IP addresses for the purposes of system administration and to audit the use of our website. We also use IP addresses to collect statistical information for marketing and promotional purposes. We may use IP addresses to identify a user when we believe it is necessary to enforce compliance with the terms governing use of our website or to protect our Products and Services, website, customers, or others.
COOKIES AND RELATED TECHNOLOGIES
As noted, above, we collect information about the device you are using through cookies and related online technologies like pixel, tags, and web beacons. We use these technologies when you interact with our website and online Products and Services to improve their quality, store user preferences, track user trends, and provide relevant advertising to you on occasion. In order for these technologies to work, third parties collect and/or receive information from our website and elsewhere on the internet. These third parties typically collect information in the aggregate and in a way that does not personally identify you. As explained in “Links To Other Websites,” above, we do not control all of the information collected by such third parties in connection with our website, and they do not process all such data on our behalf. You may opt out of some of these technologies, but if you do, the functionality of our website or online Products and Services may be impacted.
A cookie is a small text file that is created in the computer's hard drive that gives the user a unique, random ID. This ID enables the website to readily recognize each visitor on a subsequent visit to the website. For example, a cookie may indicate the preferences selected by a visitor on a prior visit and facilitate more efficient browsing on subsequent visits. We use cookies to store visitor preferences (to make visiting our website easier), to record session information (such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart), and to record user specific information on what pages users access or visit (to see which pages are popular and which are not). If you reject the cookie, you may still use our website, but you will not have access to any part of the website that requires you to log in.
You can prevent or restrict the storage of cookies on your computer or device by setting your browser not to accept cookies or to request your permission before setting cookies. Once cookies have been set, you can delete them at any time. Please refer to your browser’s instructions to find out how this works. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, most browsers allow you to automatically decline cookies or be given the choice of declining or accepting the transfer to your computer of a particular cookie (or cookies) from a particular website. Please note, however, if you do not accept necessary cookies, some website features or Products and Services may not function properly. To find out more about cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/.
Note, we do not process or respond to web browsers’ “do not track” signals or other similar transmissions that indicate a request to disable online tracking of users who use or visit our website. To find out more about “do not track,” please visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com.
SOCIAL MEDIA
We offer you the ability to connect through social media websites, such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Google. On certain webpages, you will see links that establish a connection to these platforms. If you click these links or are otherwise logged into one or both of these platforms, these third parties receive information from our website or elsewhere on the internet and may use that information to recognize you and provide measurement services, targeted ads, or other services as described elsewhere in their online policies (check here for Facebook’s Policy; here for Twitter’s Policy; here for Instagram’s Policy; and here for Google’s Policy). As with linked websites, we have no control over the information that is collected, stored, or used by these third parties. To opt out of the collection and use of this information, you can visit those policies for more information, visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices, or your device’s limit tracking settings.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our website contains links to third party websites that are not owned or controlled by us. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our website and to read the privacy statements of those websites for more information.
CHILDREN
We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 without express and explicit parental consent. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13 without such consent, we will promptly delete that information.
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
If you are a California resident, please refer to our California Privacy Policy for additional information about your rights related to the personal information we collect, use, and disclose. We do not share information that identifies you personally with nonaffiliated third parties for their own marketing use without your permission.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY POLICY
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), California residents have the right to know and request access to their personal information collected and shared within the past 12 months, and to delete their personal information in accordance with the CCPA. The instructions for submitting requests pursuant to the CCPA are below.
We will not discriminate against you if you choose to exercise any of your privacy rights under the CCPA.
How to submit a request to know, access, or delete?
If you are a California resident and would like to submit a request to know, access, or delete your personal information, you can submit a request by (1) contacting us at the following email address: aso.information@atlantasymphony.org; or (2) completing the following online form: https://www.aso.org/About/Privacy/CCPA-Request-Form.
What happens after you submit a request to know, access, or delete?
Once we receive your request, we must first verify your identity. We will take commercially reasonable steps to verify your identity, including asking you to provide us with information to confirm your identity using the information we have on file. If you wish to designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, please indicate that when submitting your request.
We will make good faith efforts to respond to your request. There may be circumstances under the CCPA in which we cannot, or need not, respond to your request. For example, we are not required to delete personal information needed to complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected (such as completing a sale), to detect fraudulent or illegal activity, or for legal compliance purposes. We are also not required to provide access or deletion where your identity could not be verified, where you have exceeded the number of requests you can make within a 12-month period, or where the information contains legally privileged material or would violate the rights of others. If we determine that your request should be restricted in any particular instance, we will provide you with an explanation of why that determination has been made and a contact point for any further inquiries.
Any requests that can be processed by us will be done so in no more than 45 days from the date we receive your request, unless we notify you that an extension is required. In case of an extended completion period, we will process your request in no more than 90 days from the date of your original request. Consumers are limited to two requests to know/access their personal information within a 12-month period.
Personal Information collected, used, and disclosed within the past 12 months
Without having to submit a request to access your personal information, you have the right to know what categories of personal information we have collected from consumers generally within the past 12 months, where we got it, why we collected it, and with whom we shared it. Below you will find a chart that sets this out for you. Please note that these are categories of personal information as they are set forth under California law. We did not necessarily collect all of the specific pieces of personal information listed for any given person. Also, please note where personal information was disclosed within the past 12 months as indicated in the last column of the table, it was disclosed only to service providers and/or third parties for business or commercial purposes so we can provide our products and services to you. We have not “sold” personal information within the past 12 months, as that term is defined by the CCPA.
What Personal Information We Collect
Where We Get It
Why We Collect It
With Whom We Share It
Identifiers such as a real name, postal address, email address, Internet Protocol address, or other similar identifiers.
The consumer directly.
To communicate with you, provide our services and events, conduct data analysis, fraud/abuse prevention, and for legal compliance.
Communications service providers, event and logistics providers, data analytics service providers, fraud/abuse prevention service providers, and professional service providers.
Commercial information, such as products or services purchased.
The consumer directly.
To provide our services, communicate with you, and conduct data analysis.
Communications service providers, financial service providers.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer's interaction with an Internet Web site.
The consumer directly, including through use of cookies and related online technologies.
To provide our services, and to conduct data analysis.
Communications service providers, and data analytics service providers.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this California Privacy Policy, or about exercising your rights described above, you can contact us by email at aso.information@atlantasymphony.org.
Effective Date
This California Privacy Policy is effective as of January 1, 2020, and was last updated on August 18, 2020.
Login
Buy Tickets
Donate
Welcome
My Account
Logout
Buy Tickets
Donate