http://www.burtonconstable.com/privacy-policy
E-newsletter Sign Up
Who We Are
Contact Us
HOME
PLAN YOUR VISIT
house & collections
stables & parkland
opening times
ticket prices
getting here
family fun
group visits
access for all
cyclists
dog owners
walks & trails
WHAT'S ON
events
exhibitions
talks & tours
workshops
easter
christmas
corporate & venue hire
CELEBRATE
special occasions
FRIENDS MEMBERSHIP
buy or renew your membership
friends events
the friends of burton constable
SHOPPING & EATING
gift shop
stables kitchen
GET INVOLVED
visitor feedback
make an enquiry
education
newsletter
latest news
volunteering
contact us
BLOG
E-newsletter
Who We Are
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Who we are
The Burton Constable Foundation
Burton Constable Hall
Skirlaugh
Hull
East Riding of Yorkshire
HU11 4LN
Charity Number: 1010121
This privacy policy sets out how the Burton Constable Foundation uses and protects any information that you give the Burton Constable Foundation when you use this website.
Burton Constable Foundation is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Burton Constable Foundation regularly review our privacy policy and may make changes from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 1 April 2018.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Mailings relating to news and events, including our monthly newsletter
Fundraising appeals
We may use the information to improve our products and services
Volunteer management
Gift Aid
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Adjust your cookie settings
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you are happy for the information to be used for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe button on our website or by emailing us at enquiries@burtonconstable.com.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Helen Dewson, Secretary/Administrator, The Burton Constable Foundation, Burton Constable, Skirlaugh, Hull, East Riding of Yorkshire, HU11 4LN or email enquiries@burtonconstable.com.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at enquiries@burtonconstable.com. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Contact details for the Burton Constable Foundation
Helen Dewson, Secretary/Administrator
The Burton Constable Foundation
Burton Constable
Skirlaugh
Hull
East Riding of Yorkshire
HU11 4LN
Tel: 01964 562400
Email: enquiries@burtonconstable.com
Events
Find out about everything going on over the coming months at Burton Constable.
Find out more
Contact
Get in touch with us via email or telephone, all contact information can be found here.
Find out more
Latest News
Read our latest news and discover what is happening at Burton Constable.
Find out more
Follow & Share
Seen something you like? Please follow us and share it with your friends and help more people discover Burton Constable, a true Elizabethan gem, in the heart of Yorkshire.
Did you know?
Afternoon tea was created by the Duchess of Bedford in the late 18th century. She invited friends to join her for an afternoon meal of small cakes, bread and butter sandwiches, sweets and, of course, tea. The practice was so popular that it was quickly adopted by other social hostesses
Over 80 different species of birds have been spotted at Burton Constable, from the smallest British bird, the Goldcrest, to large birds of prey such as Buzzards and Barn Owls
The Burton Constable Whale is featured in Herman Melville's famous novel Moby Dick.
Today the Burton Constable Whale is nicknamed 'Constable Moby'
Plan Your Visit
House & CollectionsStables & ParklandOpening TimesTicket PricesGetting HereFamily FunGroup VisitsAccess For AllCyclists & WalkersDog Owners
Shopping & Eating
Gift ShopStable Kitchen
What's On
EventsExhibitionsTalks & ToursWorkshopsEasterChristmasCorporate & Venue Hire
Friends Membership
The Friends of Burton ConstableBuy & Renew MembershipFriends Events
Who We Are
The Burton Constable FoundationHistory of the Foundation
Blog
Get Involved
Visitor FeedbackMake an EnquiryEducationNewsletterLatest NewsVolunteering
Contact Us
Burton Constable
Skirlaugh
East Yorkshire
HU11 4LN
01964 562400
enquiries@burtonconstable.com
E-Newsletter Sign Up
First Name: *
Last Name: *
Email Address: *
Subscribe
Please note that, by clicking subscribe, you are opting in to receive the Burton Constable Newsletter. We do not share your information with third parties
and shall take all reasonable steps to ensure that we fully comply with the data protection laws and regulations. Please refer
to our privacy policy for more information on how we store, process and protect your information.
© The Burton Constable Foundation 2019. All Rights Reserved
Website Credits
Sitemap
Terms & Conditions
Access Policy
Privacy Policy
Login