http://www.mirandalambert.com/terms/
Skip to content
Terms of Service
The Services
This website (or other service) is operated by MirandaLambert.com (“MirandaLambert.com” or “we”). These Terms of Service (“TOS”) govern each user‘s access to and use of this site or services provided by MirandaLambert.com (the “Services”), whether accessed through the Internet or any other medium now known or hereafter invented on any device now known or hereafter invented. The Services may include any one or more of the following: viewing and/or using a website, whether publicly accessible or with restricted access; fan clubs and other subscription sites; contests; email subscription lists; search services; online stores (and other shopping services) for the browsing and purchasing of merchandise, tickets to concerts and other events, and other items; email, chat, instant messaging, message boards, comments, forums, blogs, social networking, and other forms of online and/or electronic communication; the uploading and downloading of music, photos, text, video, and other audio and visual content; the viewing of and listening to audio and visual content; personalized content and other creative and/or interactive tools and activities; and any other features, functionality, materials or activities which may be available from time to time on a MirandaLambert.com site or other Service. Internet access is not included in the Services and separate third party fees may apply.
If you choose to join a mobile marketing list, please be aware that there are usually costs associated with receiving SMS (text) or MMS (multimedia) messages depending on your wireless carrier and plan. You should check with your mobile carrier to determine what charges apply before signing up to receive our updates via your mobile phone. If you would like to stop receiving messages from us on your mobile phone, please reply to the message with “STOPMIRANDA.” You may also contact your wireless carrier for additional information on receiving or stopping mobile messages.
Age Requirements
In order to use the Services, you must be at least 13 years of age. If you are under 13-years-old, you may not use the Services and you are instructed to leave this website or other Service. If you are between the ages of 13 through 17 years, you may use the Services only under the supervision and with the written consent of your parent or legal guardian. Your profile, membership, subscription, registration, posted content, messages, communications, and/or other materials or accounts may be deleted and or terminated without refund or warning if we believe, in our sole discretion, that you are under 13 years of age, or are between the ages of 13 through 17 years and are utilizing Services while not under the supervision and/or without the written consent of your parent or legal guardian.
Legal Agreement Between You and MirandaLambert.com; Visitors and Registered Users
These Terms of Service (TOS) constitute a legal agreement between the user of the Services (“you”) and MirandaLambert.com. You must accept and agree to, without modification, all of the terms, conditions, restrictions and notices contained in this TOS in order to access and/or use the Services. By using the Services, you agree to be legally bound by this TOS, whether you are a “Visitor” (which means that you only browse a site on the Service) or a “Registered User” (which means that you have registered as a user of the Services). As used herein, the terms “users” and “you” refer to both Visitors and Registered Users of the Services. You are authorized to use the Services (regardless of whether your access or use is intended) only if you agree to abide by all applicable laws and this TOS. Please read this TOS carefully and in its entirety. If you do not agree with all of these terms, you should leave this website and discontinue use of the Services immediately. If you do not accept this TOS in its entirety, you do not have permission to access or use the Services.
Modification of these Terms of Service
MirandaLambert.com may wish to update or change this TOS from time to time to reflect changes in the Services, changes in the laws affecting the Services, changes in MirandaLambert.com’s policies, or for other reasons. When we do, MirandaLambert.com will endeavor to provide notice to users in one or more of the following ways: (1) MirandaLambert.com will update the “last updated” date at the bottom of this TOS; (2) MirandaLambert.com may post notice of the update on the website or other Service; and/or (3) MirandaLambert.com may email notice of the update to the Registered Users. You understand that MirandaLambert.com reserves the right to make these changes and that you are responsible for regularly reviewing this TOS as posted on the website or other Service. Continued access to or use of the Services after any such change shall constitute your consent to such change. Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any new features that change or improve the Services shall be subject to this TOS, as modified from time to time.
Privacy Policy
You may be required to register to use the Services. To register, you may be required to provide information about yourself, and you are required to update this information as necessary in order to keep it current. Additionally, data pertaining to your online communications, transactions, purchase history and usage patterns may be collected, analyzed and stored. MirandaLambert.com’s policies regarding its use and limited disclosure of your personal information are set forth in the Privacy Policy. The Privacy Policy is hereby incorporated by reference into this TOS. By agreeing to this TOS, you are also agreeing to the Privacy Policy. Please carefully review the Privacy Policy. If you do not accept the Privacy Policy in its entirety, you are not permitted to access or use the Services. The Privacy Policy shall supersede any conflicting terms contained in this TOS.
Customer Service
Our customer service office is open from 10am – 6pm Central Time, Monday thru Friday, excluding holidays. Should you have any questions, please contact us. We endeavor to answer all responses within two (2) business days, but please allow longer.
This document was last updated on September 30, 2017.