https://www.shakhan.com/terms-and-conditions/
Home / Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Please read these terms and conditions (“terms”, “terms and conditions”) carefully before using www.shakhan.net store, operated by Davyd Homan (“I”).
Conditions of Use
I will provide my services to you, which are subject to the conditions stated below in this document. Every time you visit this website, use its services or make a purchase, you accept the following conditions. This is why we urge you to read them carefully.
Privacy Policy
Before you continue using my website I advise you to read my privacy policy [link to privacy policy] regarding our user data collection. It will help you better understand our practices.
Copyright
Content published on this website (digital downloads, images, texts, graphics, logos) is the property of Davyd Homan and its content creators and protected by international copyright laws. The entire compilation of the content found on this website is the exclusive property of Davyd Homan with copyright authorship for this compilation by Davyd Homan.
Communications
The entire communication with us is electronic. Every time you send us an email or visit my website, you are going to be communicating with me. You hereby consent to receive communications from me. If you subscribe to the news on our website, you are going to receive regular emails from me. I will continue to communicate with you by posting news and notices on our website and by sending you emails. You also agree that all notices, disclosures, agreements and other communications I provide to you electronically meet the legal requirements that such communications be in writing.
Applicable Law
By visiting this website, you agree that the laws of the New Zealand, without regard to principles of conflict laws, will govern these terms and conditions, or any dispute of any sort that might come between Davyd Homan and you, or its business partners and associates.
Disputes
Any dispute related in any way to your visit to this website or to products you purchase from us shall be arbitrated by state or federal court New Zealand and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such courts.
License and Site Access
We grant you a limited license to access and make personal use of this website. You are not allowed to download or modify it. This may be done only with written consent from us.