http://www.photo-vinc.com/privacy-policy-copyright
Omo Valley - Ethiopia
Barcelona - Spain
Havana - Cuba
Durresi - Albania
Djenne - Mali
Ujué - Spain
Vincent de Groot Portrait, Reportage & Street Photography
Galleries
View
Reportage
View
Blog
View
“I observe and tell visual stories about people”
Hi, Hoi, Hallo, Grüezi, Bonjour,
nice to see you here, my name is Vincent de Groot. I’m a Dutch independent photographer living in the center of Europe where the Swiss, French and German borders come together.
My work covers portrait, street and reportage photography. In all areas people are the common subject I am telling visual stories of people, their feelings and emotions.
Portrait
With my camera, I visit many places on the globe where I meet people. I see them and try to understand how and for what they live. There might be differences related to culture, religion and tradition but when it comes to emotions and feelings people all over the world share common needs they strive for. Happiness, recognition and respect from others are common even when the way how they enjoy and show those feelings and emotions might be very different. We all deserve equal rights but, we should never forget: We are all unique personalities and all are making our world colorful.
I like to discover personalities and emotions which, at the first moment often remain hidden. Words in a common language are not needed to uncover them. Exchanging a glance, a short smile, a gesture; a kind of “flirting” reveals them in a natural way. With the portraits I show here, I share the precious moments I had with those people.
Street
Street Photography is very different, here it is all about the hidden beauty of every-day’s scenes happening in the streets. Moments where people become performers in their environment. Frozen motions are resembling a feeling of an elegant dance which may continue at any moment in your imagination.
Reportage
The portraits and street photography are short encounters, a single image tells the viewer a story about the people. Some aspects in life need a series of images to tell a more complete story. On the website I show various reportages dealing with culture, religion and tradition, again people are in the center.
Want to know more?
Read more about me, my photography and this website here.
Site News
Please leave this field emptyGet informed about updates of this site.
First name
Last name
Email *
Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.
FollowFollow the blog with your wordpress.com account.
Follow Vincent de Groot on WordPress.com
Blog updates
Enter your email address to subscribe to the blog.
Join 287 other subscribers
Email Address
Subscribe
Search
Search for:
Social
Flickr
Twitter
YouTube
Facebook
Copyright and privacy policy
This website uses cookies and 3rd party services to improve your experience. We assume you're ok with this: Accept Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.