http://www.jenniferminuto.com/privacy-policy/
Who we are
Our website address is: http://www.jenniferminuto.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
When visitors submit contact forms on the site, we collect the data shown in the contact form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection. This data is stored on our servers and is also sent to our administrators (so that they can review and respond to the contact form you submit).
By submitting any contact form, you not only agree to this data storage and transfer, but also to be contacted by a member of our team (if we so choose) to follow up with your form submission.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
From time to time, we may employ anonymous analystics-tracking software, including, but not limited to, Google Analytics. By using this site, you agree and understand that some or all of your anonymous data may be stored and tracked on this site and its associated servers.
This anonymous data is in turn visible to our site administrators to help create a better end-user experience.
Who we share your data with
In short, no one! We would never share your personal data with anyone outside of our site. However, some (strictly) anonymous data may be stored on third-party servers, specifically anonymous analytical data (see the “Analytics” section of this policy for more information).
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
Any other data may be stored permanently. See the “What rights you have over your data” section of this policy for your rights to erase this data.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
Your contact information will only be used to contact you from our site’s administrators for business purposes. However, this may be expanded if you fill out a contact form. You can see the “Contact forms” section for further information.
Additional Questions
If you have any further questions, please feel free to visit our contact page to submit a form, which we will review and get back to you as soon as we can.