http://www.scottishyouththeatre.org/info/terms-conditions/
Toggle navigation
Home
National Artistic ProgrammeNational Digital Programme Mar-Aug 20National Digital Programme Oct 20-Mar 21National Artistic Programme pre-COVID
VenueLocationVenue Status
About & AccessContact UsStaff Board of DirectorsPatronsWork With UsTraineeshipsPolicies
Go!
Search
Faceboook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Mailing List
Terms and Conditions
Company information
Scottish Youth Theatre
The Old Sheriff Court
105 Brunswick
Glasgow G1 1TF
A charity registered in Scotland Company registration number SCO 14283.
Throughout these terms and conditions the disclaimer and the Privacy Policy when we refer to ‘we’ ‘us’ ‘our’ ‘the Company’ etc. we are referring to Scottish Youth Theatre. When we refer to ‘you’ we are referring to the user or browser of this website.
These are the Terms and Conditions of use of the Scottish Youth Theatre website www.scottishyouththeatre.org (“the Site”) operated by the Scottish Youth Theatre Limited (“Scottish Youth Theatre”). This forms a legally binding contract between us and you which is effective from the date of your first use of the website. By browsing the Site our website you accept are accepting these Terms and Conditions. If you do not accept these Terms and Conditions or any part of them you should stop using the Site our website immediately.
We reserve the right to make changes to these Terms and Conditions from time to time which will take effect from the date of posting on the website. Your continued use of the Site our website indicates your acceptance of any changes to the Terms and Conditions.
We may from time to time display additional terms and conditions on the our website which if may conflict with the standard terms and conditions. Should this arise the additional terms and conditions will prevail.
Throughout these Terms and Conditions the Disclaimer and the Privacy Policy when we refer to ‘we’ ‘us’ ‘our’ ‘the Company’ etc. we are referring to Scottish Youth Theatre. When we refer to ‘you’ we are referring to the user or browser of the Site.
Any questions regarding these Terms and Conditions should be directed to Scottish Youth Theatre by sending an e-mail to info@scottishyoutheatre.org or by writing to us at the address noted. It is an essential term of these Terms and Conditions and any use of the Site that Scottish Youth Theatre shall not be liable to you (whether directly or indirectly and whether as a result of negligence or otherwise) in respect of any losses or damage which you may incur or suffer as a result of your use of the Site or any supply of any goods or services by any other third party.
Links
You must seek our permission and prior written consent if you wish to link to the our site. We do not permit the display or use of our web pages in any html frame unless we have expressly authorised this.
Scottish Youth Theatre cannot be held responsible for the content of sites directly or indirectly linked to us. You should read the Terms and Conditions Disclaimer and Privacy statements of each website you visit. Please advise us if you consider any linked pages to be inappropriate illegal or offensive.
Copyright
Everything on the Site our website is © The Scottish Youth Theatre Limited 2008 unless otherwise indicated. This includes any images graphics text applets and scripts. By visiting the our website you agree that you will not use the information contained here for commercial or public use. You may view the Site our website for private browsing purposes only. Copying any item from the our website into a computer cache or storage device for private on- or off-line browsing purposes is not permitted. You may not make a copy of the Site or any part of it for any other purpose without our prior written consent which may be granted at our discretion (or where we do not own the copyright we will direct you to the owner themselves for such consent).
Nothing in these Terms and Conditions or on the Site our website constitutes a licence to use or copy the information.
Photographs are used by kind permission of the photographer indicated by each image. No photograph can be used without the express prior written permission of the Scottish Youth Theatre Limited.
Accuracy statement
We make no representation endorsement or warranty as to the accuracy of information on the website. To the best of our knowledge the information on the Site our website is accurate. However Scottish Youth Theatre reserves the right to change any details without notice. Always check performance details with your local theatre.
Please read the Disclaimer notice for further details.
Legal
The law of Scotland governs any interpretation of these terms and conditions. The Scottish Courts shall have jurisdiction in any disputes between us.
These Terms and Conditions are governed by the law of Scotland and are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Scottish courts.
You must agree to abide by the Terms and Conditions in order to continue.
Terms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicyCookie PolicyLatest News
An update on work throughout 2020 and plans for the new year.
Scottish Youth Theatre launches new National Digital Artistic Programme.
New free Generator session open for sign-up.
More news
Tweet TweetFollow @ScottishYT
Tweets by @ScottishYT