https://www.wgbh.org/help/2018/04/30/kids-privacy-policy
Skip to Content
https://www.wgbh.org/authenticate/login
Help
Kids Privacy Policy
April 30, 2018
Share
Email
Facebook
Tweet
WGBH ONLINE AND CHILDREN: NOTICE TO PARENTSWGBH takes great pride in the high-quality television, radio, and Web content we provide for children, as well as the public trust we have secured in doing so. As we move into providing an online Kids & Family service on the Web, this trust becomes even more important to you, and to us. We believe the following understanding will enhance the safety, value and enjoyment of your child's visits to WGBH Online.It is our goal to provide service on our site while maintaining our strong commitment to identifying children and protecting their privacy. When we collect information from our Web visitors, we routinely ask them to confirm whether they are older than 18 years of age. If we learn that a user is younger than 18, we will not store his/her personal information for future communication.WGBH does not willfully disclose to any third party any personally identifiable information about our online visitors who have identified themselves as younger than 18.From time to time, we may offer contests, quizzes, and surveys in the Kids & Family section of WGBH Online. Our sole objective in these endeavors is to offer young visitors appropriate and entertaining interactive content. When we showcase online content specifically for young people that requires identifying information, we ask children to gain permission from a parent or caregiver first (e.g., "Hey, kids, before you enter our contest, make sure you get permission to participate from a parent or whoever takes care of you.")If we know a visitor is younger than 18, we collect parental/caregiver permission offline (by US mail, fax, or phone) before we mail any prizes to the child. If your child submits stories, artwork, written comments, or anything else for us to post on our site, he or she will be identified only by first name, age, and state.Your and your child's use of this site are conditioned on your having accepted these terms. Please check this policy frequently, as it is subject to change from time to time, and your child's continued use of the site is conditioned upon your acceptance of any modifications hereto.We want to make this site a safe haven for where families to surf together, and where parents and caregivers are happy to have their children interact, learn, and play. If you have any comments or questions, we'd be happy to hear them.Please see our WGBH Online Privacy Policy for more information about our site's overall practices and policies. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this policy, please contact us.
Support for GBH is provided by:
Advertisement
Become a GBH Sponsor
Latest From WGBH
Listen To The Latest Morning Edition
On 'Still Here,' PJ Morton Reflects On Surviving 2020
Music
What To Watch Now: Passport Picks For December
What To Watch Now
Cameras, Chaos And Cognac: How Bob Gruen Photographed The Spirit Of Rock 'N' Roll
Visual Arts
2020 Was The Year Of Dancing By Ourselves
Music
Related Stories
May 2, 2018 11:05 AM
Update Your Membership Payment Information
April 30, 2018 11:06 AM
Terms of Use
THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS GOVERN YOUR USE OF THE SITE. PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE.
April 30, 2018 10:57 AM
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy For WGBH.org Visitors
April 30, 2018 10:17 AM
Online Audio & Video
12Next
Expand
defs>