https://www.montgomeryplayhouse.org/about-us/terms-of-service/
Purchase Policy
Currency
All ticket prices for events are stated in U.S. Dollars.
Payment Methods
The Montgomery Playhouse accepts several methods of payment to accommodate your needs. Montgomeryplayhouse.org accepts American Express, Visa, MasterCard, and Discover.
Order Confirmation
If you do not receive a confirmation page or email after submitting payment information, or if you experience an error message or service interruption after submitting payment information, please contact us to confirm that your order was placed. Only you may be aware of any problems that may occur during the purchase process. The Montgomery Playhouse will not be responsible for losses (monetary or otherwise) if you assume that an order was not placed because you failed to receive confirmation.
Canceled and Rescheduled Events
Occasionally, performances are canceled or postponed. Should this occur, the Montgomery Playhouse will attempt to contact you to inform you of refund or exchange procedures for that event. For exact instructions on any canceled or postponed performance, please check montgomeryplayhouse.org or contact us. If you purchase a ticket through montgomeryplayhouse.org, and a refund is issued, then the Montgomery Playhouse will most likely give you a refund by issuing a credit to the credit card that you used to purchase that ticket.
If the event is moved or rescheduled, please check montgomeryplayhouse.org or contact us for more information or to request a refund if you cannot attend the rescheduled event.
Refunds and Exchanges
Before purchasing tickets, carefully review your performance name and date. All sales are final. The Montgomery Playhouse, unfortunately, does not offer refunds unless a show is canceled. The Montgomery Playhouse cannot offer refunds due to scheduling conflicts, illness, or other personal issues.
If there has been a significant change to the event such as a location change or date change, we will send an announcement to all ticket holders with details as to whether refunds are available. Please check your email, including junk/spam folders, for this event announcement before proceeding.
If we issue you a refund for a ticket due to a canceled or postponed event, we will issue a refund of the ticket’s face value paid (or, for a discounted ticket, the discounted ticket price paid) and all service fees.
Will Call
All tickets sold via montgomeryplayhouse.org will be available at the venue one hour prior to the performance at the “Will Call” Box Office. In order to attend the performance, you may be required to present your valid state or government issued photo ID, driver’s license or passport.
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally Identifiable Information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
• To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
• To quickly process your transactions.
• To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
• To follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)
How do we protect your information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
• Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
• Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since each browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If users disable cookies in their browser:
If you turn cookies off, Some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.
Third-party links
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
Upcoming EventsView all
Montgomery County's oldest community theater
PO Box 3490
Gaithersburg, MD 20885
301-977-5751
Search for:
Categories
2013-2014
2014-2015
2015-2016
2016-2017
2017-2018
2018-2019
2019-2020
2020-2021