http://www.98fmkcq.com/privacy-policy
Aaron Michaels
12:00am - 5:29pm
On Air Now
Listen Live
My Profile
Listen Live
Home
On Air
Jim and Barb The Q Morning Crew!
Maria Knight
Jason Addams
Breck Kinsey
Aaron Michaels
Jimmy O
Johanna K
Kylie Wazowski
Dan Richards and the KCQ Sunday Flashback!
Live Weekend Crew
Music Survey
Concerts
Contests
E-Club
Contact
Who Sings That Song?
Station Info
Careers Info
Submit an Event
EEO Public Files
FCC Public Files
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 6/5/2015
Please note: The Digity Media, LLC Privacy Policy has been updated. Please review the updated privacy policy carefully before using the Digity Media, LLC Web Sites. By using any of the Digity Media, LLC Web Sites, you consent to the terms of the updated privacy policy.
Digity Media, LLC Digital Media, a division of Digity Media, LLC, is committed to protecting your privacy. Digity Media, LLC owns, operates, or provides access to, several interactive web sites and other interactive features that provide an authorized link to this Privacy Policy (collectively “Digity Media, LLC Web Sites”). This Privacy Policy applies only to the Digity Media, LLC Web Sites.
This Privacy Policy describes, among other things, the types of information collected about you when you visit a Digity Media, LLC Web Site; how your information may be used and when it may be disclosed; how you can control the use and disclosure of your information; and how your information is protected. Trust is a cornerstone of our mission at Digity Media, LLC. We are committed to gaining and maintaining your trust by following a core set of Privacy Principles.
Scope of Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to information, including contact information, collected about you by a Digity Media, LLC Web Site. This Privacy Policy does not cover any information collected through any other web site. Please note that some Digity Media, LLC Web Sites may contain links to non-Digity Media, LLC Web Sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites, and we recommend that you visit the privacy policies of each web site that you visit.
Information Collected
Information you provide directly to Digity Media, LLC Web Sites. You are not required to provide information about yourself when you visit a Digity Media, LLC Web Site. Digity Media, LLC Web Sites may ask you for different types of information when you register for certain services, access various content or features, or directly contact the Web Site, including:
Contact information, such as name, email address, postal address, phone number, facsimile number, and mobile number;
User name, password, and password reminder questions and answers;
Age and date of birth;
Other demographic information, such as gender, job information, and zip code;
Information for a public profile, such as your interests and the address of your web site;
Communications preferences, such as which newsletters you would like to receive;
Search queries;
In limited circumstances, payment and identity verification information, such as credit card number, social security number or comparable national identifiers, and driver’s license number where needed for payment, to complete a particular transaction, or to access a particular service (e.g. contests);
Contact information about others when you provide information about others or refer a friend to a particular site or service (note: such information is used solely to facilitate the communications requested);
Information posted in community discussions and other interactive online features;
Correspondence you send to us; and
Information collected about you offline (including via facsimile, mail, or in person for sweepstakes entrance forms).
Information we collect automatically on Digity Media, LLC Web Sites. Digity Media, LLC Web Sites may collect certain information automatically, including:
Your browser type and operating system;
Your Internet Protocol (IP) address, which is the number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet and that can sometimes be used to derive your general geographic area;
Sites you visited before and after visiting a Digity Media, LLC Web Site;
Web pages and advertisements you view and links you click on within Digity Media, LLC Web Sites;
Unique identifiers, including mobile device identification numbers, that can identify the physical location of such devices in accordance with applicable law;
Information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other technologies;
Information about your interactions with audio and video content, such as the type of content listened to and viewed, and information about your interactions with email messages, such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded;
Upon request, your bandwidth speed and information about the software programs installed on your computer; and
Standard server log information.
Information we obtain from other sources. We may collect information about you from other sources, including through interactive applications (such as mobile devices, third-party services, and embedded audio and video players), from co-branded partners, and from commercially available sources (such as data aggregators and public databases). The following are examples of information we may collect from other sources:
Name, postal address, and telephone number;
Demographic data, such as age, gender, and income level;
If you access third-party services (such as Facebook Connect) through a Digity Media, LLC Web Site, your username and password for those services and other information available about you on those services, as described in our overview of third-party social networking services;
Your interests and purchase behavior;
Publicly-observed data, such as activities on blogs, videos, and other online postings; and
Other navigation data, such as web sites visited and advertisements viewed or clicked on.
Combining Information. Please note that all of the information we collect about you may be combined, including to help us tailor our communications to you and to develop rich online content and services across the Digity Media, LLC Web Sites.
Use of Information
We only use payment and identity verification information, such as credit card numbers, driver’s license numbers, social security numbers, or comparable national identifiers as necessary for completing a particular transaction or fulfilling a service (e.g., paid subscriptions or awarding prizes to contest winners) or as otherwise required by law.
We generally use other information we collect about you to:
Fulfill your requests for products, services, and information, including to send you electronic newsletters, authorize a purchase, and complete a transaction that you have requested;
Enable you to participate in features such as surveys, polls, sweepstakes, and message boards;
Provide you with special offers and promotional materials on behalf of Digity Media, LLC Web Sites, companies within our corporate family, and third parties, in accordance with applicable law;
Analyze the use of Digity Media, LLC Web Sites and information about visitors to our Web Sites to understand and improve our service offerings;
Customize the content you see when you visit a Digity Media, LLC Web Site;
Develop and provide advertising tailored to your interests, as described in our overview of Digity Media, LLC online advertising;
Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities and otherwise in accordance with Palm Beach Broadcasting’s Terms of Use; and
For any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent.
Disclosure of Information
Digity Media, LLC is committed to maintaining your trust and we want you to understand when and with whom we may share information collected about you.
With your consent. You may be asked to consent to have your contact information shared with third-party business partners. For example, Digity Media, LLC Web Sites sometimes run contests with prizes provided by an advertiser (e.g. a contest with a prize provided by the advertiser). When entering such a contest you may be asked if the third party may contact you to provide information about their products or services or to provide you with special promotional opportunities.
Authorized third-party service providers. We share your information with third-party vendors who help us with specialized services, including customer support, email and text message deployment, business analytics, marketing, and data processing. These third parties are allowed to use your contact information to help us provide our services and not for any other purpose.
Sweepstakes, contests, or promotions. When you choose to enter a sweepstakes, contest, or other promotion, your information may be disclosed to sponsors and to third parties who help administer the promotion, including in connection with winner selection and prize fulfillment. Your information also may be disclosed as required by law, such as on a winners list. Also, by entering a promotion, you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that promotion, including allowing the sponsors to use your name, voice, and likeness in advertising and marketing associated with the promotion in accordance with applicable law.
Co-Branded Partners. Co-Branded Partners are third parties with whom a Digity Media, LLC Web Site may jointly offer a service or feature. You can tell when you are accessing a service offered by a Co-Branded Partner because the Co-Branded Partner’s name will be featured prominently. You may be asked to provide information about yourself to register for a service offered by a Co-Branded Partner. In doing so, you may be providing your information to both us and the Co-Branded Partner, or we may share your information with the Co-Branded Partner. Please note that the Co-Branded Partner’s privacy policy may apply to its use of your information.
Digity Media, LLC Web Sites Digity Media, LLC and other business units of CBS Corporation, our parent company, continue to expand their online presence in order to offer users rich and deep interactive experiences. We may share information we collect about you within the family of Digity Media, LLC Web Sites and with other CBS-affiliated companies, so we can provide you with information about products and services that might interest you.
Business transfers. We may share your information in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of a Digity Media, LLC or television station participating in a Digity Media, LLC Web Site, a merger, consolidation, asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
Legal requirements. We may disclose information about our users, including contact information, to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, and other law enforcement measures, and to comply with other legal obligations, such as FCC requirements.
Protect our Web Sites and users. We may disclose information to protect and defend the legal rights, interests, and safety of Digity Media, LLC Web Sites, other Palm Beach Broadcasting companies, and their employees, agents, and contractors (including enforcing our agreements); to protect the safety and security of users of the Web Sites and members of the public; and as otherwise disclosed in our Terms of Use.
Please note that we may share information with advertisers as described in our overview of Digity Media, LLC online advertising.
We also may share aggregated or anonymized information with third parties, including helping us develop content and services we hope you will find of interest. This information cannot be used to individually identify you.
Your Choices
You can choose to enjoy content and features on Digity Media, LLC Web Sites without directly providing us with any information about you; however, as described above, some information may automatically be collected or may be requested so you can take advantage of certain features and services offered on Digity Media, LLC Web Sites.
You can opt out of receiving commercial email or text messages from a particular Digity Media, LLC Web Site or service by following the instructions contained in any such message. Please note that even if you unsubscribe to commercial messages, we still may need to send you communications relating to your use of the Digity Media, LLC Web Sites, such as service announcements.
You have a choice about the display of relevant advertisements by third parties; for more information, visit our overview of third-party online advertising.
Access
If you choose to share contact information with us, you may have the opportunity to update that information on a Digity Media, LLC Web Site. You also may update or amend your information by contacting us. If you ask us to shut down your account or delete your information, we will disable your account within a reasonable period of time. Please note that we may need to retain some information about you in order to satisfy our legal and security obligations. For example, some of your information may remain in back-up storage even if you ask us to delete it. In some cases, you may be entitled under local laws to access or object to the processing of information that we hold relating to you.
Protection of Information
We are committed to protecting your information. We have adopted commercially reasonable technical, administrative, and physical procedures to help protect your information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, and alteration. Please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. We want you to feel confident using Digity Media, LLC Web Sites but we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. Please refer to the U.S. Federal Trade Commission’s web site for information on how to protect yourself from identity theft.
Visiting from Outside the United States
Digity Media, LLC is headquartered in the United States. Please be aware that information you provide to us or we obtain as a result of your use of the Digity Media, LLC Web Sites may be processed and transferred to the United States and be subject to United States law. The privacy and data protection laws in the United States may not be equivalent to such laws in your country of residence. By using and participating in any Digity Media, LLC Web Site or providing us with your information, you consent to the collection, transfer, storage, and processing of information to and in the United States.
Privacy Protections for Children
Most Digity Media, LLC Web Sites are intended for a general audience and do not knowingly collect or store contact information about children under the age of 13. Some Digity Media, LLC Web Sites may ask for a birth date to ensure that they are not collecting information from children under 13 or to identify when additional steps may need to be taken in connection with information collected from children under 18. In those instances where a Digity Media, LLC Web Site has actual knowledge that it collects information from children, or offers a service directed toward children, it will comply with applicable laws, including the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act. To read about our privacy policy for children under the age of 13, please see the Children’s Privacy Policy.
User-Generated Content
Some Digity Media, LLC Web Sites enable users to submit their own content for use in contests, blogs, over-the-air radio and television broadcasts, online audio and video streams, message boards, and other functions. Please remember that any information you disclose becomes public information and exercise caution when deciding to disclose your contact, financial, and other information in a submission. We cannot prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate this Privacy Policy, the law, or your personal privacy and safety.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our practices and service offerings. If we modify our Privacy Policy, we will update the “Effective Date” and such changes will be effective upon posting. If we make any material changes in the way we use your information, we will notify you by sending an email message to the email address you most recently provided to us or by prominently posting a notice of the changes on Digity Media, LLC Web Sites.
Third-Party Sites
When you select a link to a third-party web site from one of the Digity Media, LLC Web Sites (for example, if you link to Pay Pal in order to pay for a product or service offered by a Digity Media, LLC Web Site), you will be leaving the Digity Media, LLCSite. Any information that you disclose on the third-party site will be governed by that site’s privacy policy.
Questions
If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us and we will endeavor to respond to your request within a reasonable period of time. You may also submit questions or comments using the postal address listed below:
Digity Media, LLC
701 Northpoint Parkway, Suite 500
West Palm Beach, FL 33407
We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any privacy concern.
Weather
weather
Facebook
98 KCQ
Twitter
Tweets by 98fmKCQ
If you need help accessing the online public file due to a disability, please contact us
Home  |  FCC Public Files  |  EEO  |  Employment Opportunities  |  Advertise With Us  |  Terms of Service  |  Privacy Policy  |  Contact
©
2020			WKCQ-FM,
MacDonald Broadcasting
Built on Envisionwise Technology.