http://www.michael-fassbender.net/site-online/privacy-policy
Fassbender Lane
HomeMichael FassbenderCareerPhoto GallerySite & Online
08/16Porsche Mobil 1 Supercup
05/11Michael Fassbender Joins Vero
10/03‘Road to Le Mans’ Trailer
09/14Michael to Star in ‘Next Goal Wins’
06/19Michael Fassbender to Produce & Star in ‘Malko’
Privacy Policy
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of Fassbender Lane (the “Website”). We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Website. By using the Website, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Website.
Disclaimer
Fassbender Lane (michael-fassbender.net) is an unofficial, non-profit fan site dedicated to Michael Fassbender. We are in no way affiliated with Michael, or any of his representatives. The site is run by fans, for fellow fans. All media, photos, trademarks, and copyrights are the property of their respective owners. We do not claim ownership of the images used on this site, unless stated otherwise. No copyright infringement is ever intended. All content posted here are used under the Fair Use Copyright Law 107. If you need anything taken down, please contact us.
Data Collected
We may collect Personal Information from site visitors (the “Users”) in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Website. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address. Users may, however, visit and browse our Website anonymously. We will collect Personal Information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply Personal Information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Website related activities.
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection. An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
WordPress
This Website is powered by WordPress, and by default, WordPress does not collect any personal data about visitors, except for the data shown on the User Profile screen from registered users only. In addition, we make use of third party services such as plugins to monitor traffic that comes into the Website. The data collected may include the browser type and version, the type of computer or device (including but not limited to the operating system) used to visit the Website, your computer or device’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, the pages of the Website you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, the website or search terms that led you to the Website (if any), and other related statistics.
Coppermine
This Website’s photo gallery (the “Gallery”) is powered by Coppermine, and by default, Coppermine may collect some personal data about visitors. However, similar to WordPress, the data collected may include your computer or device’s IP address, the pages of the Gallery you visit, the photos from the Gallery you view, the time and date of your visit and/or view, and other related statistics.
Cookies
This Website makes use of cookies to provide the best browsing experience when you visit the site. Cookies are small text files that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Users may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. However, please note that if you do not accept cookies, some portions of the Website may not function properly. To learn more about Cookies, visit our Cookies Policy page.
Contact Forms
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
Collection of Data
The data collected explained in the above sections are not personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. These collected data are used solely for Website traffic statistics to monitor how the Website is doing and how it can be improved further in the future, including, but not limited to, which types of content do our visitors are more interested in and which types they are less interested in.
Security of Collected Data
While no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure, the security of your Personal Information is important to us. Thus, we adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information and data stored on our Website.
Sharing of Collected Data
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users’ personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Control Over Collected Data
If you have left comments on this Website, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we may hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we may hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Third-party Websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Website that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites, and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Website. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Website, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Advertising
Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non-personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers. You may learn more about opting out of major ad networks at https://websitebuilders.com/tools/advertiser-opt-out/.
Google Adsense
Some of the ads may be served by Google. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Users based on their visit to our Website and other sites on the Internet. DART uses “non personally identifiable information” and does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, etc. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html.
Compliance with Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our Site from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Fassbender Lane reserves the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. Your continued use of the Website after any modification to our Privacy Policy will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications, and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us.
This document was last updated on May 21, 2018.
Welcome to Fassbender Lane your newest online resource dedicated to German-Irish actor Michael Fassbender. Michael has starred in films such as Shame, 12 Years a Slave, the X-Men film series, Steve Jobs, Assassin's Creed, and more. Here at Fassbender Lane, you'll find all the latest news, photos, videos, and more on Michael. Please take a look around the site and visit again soon!
Advertisement
Current Projects
Alien: Covenant
UpdatesPhotosOfficialIMDb
The crew of the colony ship Covenant, bound for a remote planet on the far side of the galaxy, discovers what they think is an uncharted paradise, but is actually a dark, dangerous world. When they uncover a threat beyond their imagination, they must attempt a harrowing escape.
Song to Song
UpdatesPhotosOfficialIMDb
In this modern love story set against the Austin, Texas music scene, two entangled couples — struggling songwriters Faye and BV, and music mogul Cook and the waitress whom he ensnares — chase success through a rock 'n' roll landscape of seduction and betrayal.
The Snowman
UpdatesPhotosIMDb
Detective Harry Hole investigates the disappearance of a woman whose pink scarf is found wrapped around an ominous-looking snowman.
Choice Affiliates
Featured GIF
© rachelmcadamses
Site Information    Owner: Jasper   Founder: Emily
Established: March 18, 2016
Visits:
Online:
Contact: mail | form
Fassbender Lane is an unofficial fansite run by fans and is in no way affiliated with Michael Fassbender, his management, or any representation there of. We take no ownership rights to any photos, media or information posted on the site. No copyright infringement is ever intended. If you feel any of the material rightfully belongs to you and want them removed, please contact us before taking any legal action. All original graphics and content belong to Fassbender Lane. Video captures and magazine scans are provided by or exclusively to Michael-Fassbender.net (unless stated otherwise) so please give us proper credit when redistributing them elsewhere.
Donations The site is no longer under free hosting, so if you’re interested in helping keep the site alive, please consider giving a donation. Any amount, no matter how small, will be greatly appreciated and will be credited on a page (unless you prefer to keep your donation private.) All donations will go to domain renewals, acquiring HQ photos for the gallery, and monthly hosting bills. Thank you!
Back to topDesignCookies PolicyPrivacy Policy