http://www.fineart.co.uk/privacy_policy_2018.aspx
Contact UsJoinBecome a Friend of the GuildGuild Society of ArtistsMembership BenefitsSign up for OARThe Fine Art Trade Guild in China
0 Items
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how the Fine Art Trade Guild uses and protects any personal information that you give the Fine Art Trade Guild when you use this website.
The Fine Art Trade Guild is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, and then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
The Fine Art Trade Guild may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 18 May 2018.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather:
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
We may use the information to improve our products and services
We may periodically send promotional email about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone or mail
We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
when you become a Guild member we will contact you from time to time to provide you with the benefits you are entitled to, such as newletters, offers and invitations. You may opt out at any time, but then you will no longer receive information about many benefits of Guild membership
we will contact you to renew your membership
we will provide limited contact information about you to other members to help you get the most from your membership
we will provide limited contact information about you to carefully selected benefits providers such as our Legal Advice Line to help you get the most from your membership
when completing the form required for Registered Visitor access you are asked to opt in to receiving marketing information about the Guild and its services by joining the mailing list
if you have agreed to us using your personal information for our mailing list, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@fineart.co.uk, this may however remove your Registered Visitor access
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the General Data Protection Regulation. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Fine Art Trade Guild, 2 Wye House, 6 Enterprise Way London, SW18 1FZ, UK.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
You have the right to be forgotten, provided there is no overriding legitimate purpose for retaining your personal information.
Related Pages
FACTS - Environment
FACTS Terminology
FACTS - Dyes and pigments
© Copyright Fine Art Trade Guild 2020
info@fineart.co.uk
+44 (0) 20 7381 6616
2 Wye House, 6 Enterprise Way, London, SW18 1FZ.
RegisterPrivacy PolicyDisclaimerPress CentreContact UsAbout
Powered by e-mango