https://www.thealbany.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Support us
Support us
A Theatre Trip for Every Child
The Albany Garden
Individual Support
Companies
Funders and Sponsors
Membership
About us
About us
History
News & Blog
News & Blog
The Albany COVID-19 Response
Work with us
Transforming the Albany
Resident companies
Resident companies
Our Residents Respond to COVID-19
Staff and trustees
Our work
Our work
Programme
Programme
Young people
Archive
Meet Me at the Albany
Artistic policy
Projects
Artists
Artists
Featured artists
Artist opportunities
Associates
Partnerships
Partnerships
Lewisham Homes
Future Arts Centres
Fun Palaces
Every Child
Lewisham and Southwark Libraries
Services
Family Arts Campaign
Search for:
We are registered as a Charity, and our registration number is: 1112521. The Albany is the trading name of The Deptford Fund and The Albany 2001 Company Ltd (England 4333098). The registered office is at Douglas Way. Deptford. London. SE8 4AG.
This privacy policy is intended to provide detailed information on when and why we collect your personal data, how we use it and how we keep it secure.
We comply with the General Data Protection Regulation 2018 , and electronic communications will be made in accordance with the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations (PECR).
This Privacy Policy relates to transactions processed via www.thealbany.org.uk, www.canadawatertheatre.org.uk, and www.deptfordlounge.co.uk, including transactions over the counter and by phone.
By disclosing personal information to us in person, on the telephone or via our website, customers consent to the collection, storage and processing of information in the manner set out in this policy.
Contacting us
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints about how we use your data, please contact us on albanygdpr@thealbany.org.uk or 020 692 4446.
The types of information we collect and how we collect it
We only collect the information that is necessary to carry out our business, provide the services you have requested and to keep you informed. We collect the personal data that you may volunteer as part of booking tickets, making a purchase, Membership or donation forms, feedback forms, e-newsletter sign-ups and visitor surveys. This applies to transactions or contact regarding other venues the Albany manage and run. (Currently Canada Water Theatre and Deptford Lounge).
We also look at how our website is used, so that we can offer the best possible experience whether you are booking tickets, or trying to find out about our space hire or participatory projects. We use cookies to better personalise the service you receive from our website. This means that we will remember your previous visits and track the pages that are of most interest to you.
Personal information we collect may include:
your full name and title, gender, date of birth
postal address, email address and phone number
current interests and activities
Pages you visit and activity you undertake on our website
Please note, for transactions made online, by phone or in person, we do not hold payment information for any longer than it takes to process your transaction.
We will also collect and hold information about any contact you have with us as a visitor, donor or supporter of the Albany, Fun Palaces or the Family Arts Campaign, and may include details of:
ticket purchases and event attendance
retail purchases
contact preferences
gift information, including payment details where applicable
Gift Aid status
details of correspondence sent to you, or received from you
donor status
any other information provided by yourself at the request of the Albany.
Box Office
Ticketing transactions are processed via Spektrix Ltd, who provide our Box Office system.
Spektrix pages can be identified by the ‘Powered by Spektrix’ logo at the bottom right of your screen. When asked to enter personal details such as your credit card number, a closed padlock icon will be displayed at the bottom of your browser window. This icon indicates that all data is being transmitted securely between your web browser and the Box Office servers, using encryption to guard against data being read or modified by any third party.
Cookies
To provide our online ticketing service, cookie technology may be used whereby small pieces of information are stored in your Internet browser.
Cookies are small files sent to your browser and stored on your computer’s hard disc. They are used by most websites in various ways, including enabling you to login, shop online, and personalising your online experience. See our Cookies Policy for further information.
Information we obtain independently from you
Your information may be shared with us by independent organisations, for example other arts organisations that the Albany has worked with. These independent organisations will only do so when it is required to complete a contract and/or when you have given your consent. You should check their Privacy Notice when you provide your information to understand fully how they will process and safeguard your data.
Third Party Organisations
We may combine information you have given to us with this additional information available from external sources. This will only be done when you give permission to the relevant third party organisations to share the data they hold on you, or if the data is already publicly available.
Data Hygiene
From time to time we may screen our database against recognised data hygiene file such as National Change of Address file and cleanse our file of inaccurate data. We may also update inaccurate data if the information is available.
Social Media
Depending on your settings or the privacy policies for social media and messaging services like Facebook, WhatsApp or Twitter, you may give us permission to access information from those accounts or services.
Information available publicly
We may collate and use information found in the public domain for business purposes. For example information held by Companies House or information that has been published in online articles or newspapers.
NHS Test and Trace
To help NHS Test and Trace teams, we need a couple of details about your visit so they can get in touch, should you come into contact with a new COVID-19 case. The details we will collect are:
Visitor name
Visitor telephone number
Date of visit, arrival time and departure time
If you are attending an event in our venue, we will collect this information during the ticket purchase process and we may share this data with NHS Test and Trace in the event of us being approached by them. We encourage all ticket holders to provide this information in order to support NHS Test and Trace. We’re required to keep hold of your data for 21 days after your visit. It will only be used where necessary to help stop the spread of COVID-19 and after those 21 days, we’ll delete it.
Entering your data isn’t compulsory but will help the NHS Test and Trace service. If you do not want your details shared for the purposes of NHS Test and Trace, then you can choose to opt out, and if you do so any information you have given us will not be shared with NHS Test and Trace. If you do not want your details shared for the purposes of NHS Test and Trace, please write “OPT OUT” in the Contact Tracing Number field at the Checkout.
Why we collect your personal information and how we use it
When we ask you to provide your personal information we will let you know why we are asking, and how we will use your data, by directing you towards this notice.
Depending on your relationship with the Albany, and the preferences you have indicated, data we hold may be used by us for the following purposes:
to fulfil contractual agreements (with parties including but not limited to supplier, employees, artists, and visiting companies), ticket purchases, merchandise, donation and membership requests.
to send you promotional, marketing or fundraising information by post, telephone or electronic means. These types of communications can include:
information about products, services or events related to the Albany, such as exhibitions, events, or retail offers. These could be at the Albany or at other sites where we programme and run activities.
news and updates about the Albany and marketing or supporter e-newsletters.
information on our fundraising operations, including occasional targeted requests to consider giving financial support to the Albany, or to ask you to consider supporting us in other ways.
other relevant communications based upon your relationship with the Albany.
We will contact you based on ‘legitimate interest’. I.E where the data we hold on you indicates you might be interested in something else we are promoting or sharing information about. For example, if you have booked for a dance show or workshop with us in the past and told us you are happy to receive marketing emails, we might contact you about a future dance show or workshop.
How we protect your data
We understand that your personal information and privacy are important to you. We make every effort to ensure that the information you share with us is recorded accurately, retained securely and used only according to your wishes.
All of our email communications contain the option to unsubscribe instantly. You can unsubscribe from postal or any other types of marketing communications by emailing albanygdpr@thealbany.org.uk or telephoning us 020 8692 4446.
We protect your personal information and adhere to all current GDPR legislation with respect to protecting privacy. We do not give out, sell or trade our mailing list data with third parties. The information you provide will be used primarily to protect your purchases and attendance at events and also keep you informed about the activities of the Albany.
We may sometimes ask for your consent to share personal information with like-minded arts organisations whose shows you will have seen here at the Albany or in collaboration with us at another venue.
Some of our service providers may have access to your data in order to perform services on our behalf – such as Audience Finder, Purple Seven, TRG Arts, Google Analytics and Spektrix. Whilst the Albany remains the data controller, we make sure anyone who provides a service for the Albany meets our standards for data security. They will not use your data for anything other than the clearly defined purpose relating to the service that they are providing.
We will keep your information only for as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice and to fulfil our legal obligations. We will not keep more information than we need. For further information about how long we will keep your information, please contact the Data Protection Officer using the contact details outlined in this notice.
Privacy Policy updated in Oct 2020
Top image shows The People’s Tower, a participatory project which took place in the Albany Garden. Photo Charlotte E Groves.
Get in touch
Call 0208 692 4446
Email albanygdpr@thealbany.org.uk
125 Years
We've been part of the Deptford community for 125 years
The Albany was originally established in 1894 as The Deptford Fund to improve local people’s lives.
First name
Last name
Email
I'm interested in...
News and events from
The Albany
Canada Water Theatre
Deptford Lounge
Hiring spaces
Family events and activities
Cookies
We use cookies to enhance your experience on this site.
Find out more