http://www.joewoodworker.com/policies.htm
The Official Website of this Non-Professional Woodworker ™
Home
Articles
Highlight Project
Joe's Gallery
About Joe
Legal Info
Veneer Supplies
Vacuum Pressing
Veneer FAQ's
Search
Links
Contact Joe
Terms and Conditions
THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONTAIN A BINDING ARBITRATION CLAUSE THAT IMPACT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS AND ABILITIES. BY AGREEING TO THE TERMS & CONDITIONS, YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD THE ARBITRATION CLAUSE CONTAINED WITHIN SECTION 2 HEREIN.
Section 1: Identification and Ownership
1.1 The wording "We", "Us" and "Our" shall herein include JWW Services Inc., JoeWoodworker.com, VeneerSupplies.com, and its representatives, owners, and employees. Your use of this site is governed by the policies, terms and conditions set forth below and such use of the content and principles indicates your acceptance of these terms and conditions. These terms and conditions shall supersede any subsequent terms or conditions. JWW Services Inc. reserves the right to make changes to this web site and these terms and conditions at any time.
1.2 This site is owned and operated by JWW Services Inc. The trade names JoeWoodworker and Veneer Supplies as well as the respective logos, artwork, images, and product names referred to herein are the sole property of JWW Services Inc. Unless otherwise specified, all materials appearing on this site, including the text, site design, logos, graphics, icons, and images, as well as the selection, assembly and arrangement thereof, are the sole property of JWW Services Inc. and may not be used in full, part, or modified forms without Our expressed written permission. All original content is the copyright of JWW Services Incorporated. All rights reserved. All other trademarks are property of their respective owners.
1.3 The use of any intellectual, artistic, legal or other property belonging to Us or appearing in any JWW Services Inc. publication without the expressed written consent of JWW Services Inc. is strictly prohibited. Downloading, printing or copying from this web sitec for commercial purposes is forbidden and will be rigorously enforced. No material from this site may be copied, reproduced, modified, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any form or by any means without Our prior written permission. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. Any unauthorized use of the materials or images appearing on this web site may violate copyright, trademark and other applicable laws and could result in criminal or civil penalties.
Section 2: Disputes
PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY. IT CONTAINS A BINDING ARBITRATION CLAUSE THAT MAY SIGNIFICANTLY AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS, INCLUDING YOUR RIGHT TO FILE A LAWSUIT IN COURT AND TO HAVE A JURY HEAR YOUR CLAIM(S).
Resolution of Claims or Disputes
2.1 Any dispute or claim between you and Us arising in any way out of the use of this site or any product shown on this site will be resolved by BINDING ARBITRATION, rather than in a court. This obligation applies to both parties, regardless of the legal theory or cause of action involved (tort, product liability, misrepresentation, negligence, etc.). Both you and Us agree to waive the right to bring a lawsuit to be decided by judge or jury regarding any such claims or disputes, and instead agree to have such claims or disputes resolved by an arbitrator.
Governing Law
2.2 The arbitrator shall be agreed upon by the parties and the arbitration shall take place in Harford County, Maryland in accordance with Maryland law.
Procedure
2.3 If the parties cannot agree on a mutually acceptable arbitrator, the arbitration will be conducted through the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") and in accordance with its rules. The AAA’s rules are available to view at https://www.adr.org. Both parties agree to equally share the administrative expense of the arbitration, unless the arbitrator finds that the claim was brought in bad faith and orders one party to pay the cost of the proceedings as part of the arbitration award. Both parties are responsible for paying the costs of their own counsel, experts, and witnesses. Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. Before commencing an arbitration under this Agreement, the aggrieved party will first present the claim or dispute to the opposing party by (certified mail, regular mail).  Our notice address to submit claims or disputes is: JWW Services Inc., 217 E. Jarrettsville Rd., Suite 5, Forest Hill, MD 21050.
2.4 If the claim or dispute is not resolved within 90 days, the aggrieved party can commence arbitration proceedings in accordance with this Agreement.
Class Action Waiver
2.5 All arbitrations conducted under this Agreement shall be conducted only on an individual (and not a class-wide) basis; and an arbitrator shall have no authority to award class-wide relief. By agreeing to this Agreement, you acknowledge that this Agreement specifically prohibits you from commencing arbitration proceedings as a representative of others or joining in any arbitration proceedings brought by any other person.
Severability
2.6 If any part or any provision of this Agreement shall be finally determined to be invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, that part shall be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability only, without in any way affecting the remaining parts of said provision or the remaining provisions of this Agreement.
Section 3: Additional Terms and Conditions
Website Content and Instructions Waiver
3.1 The content provided on any JWW Services Inc. website is to be considered general advice only and not that which has been written or provided by an expert. All content provided is opinion only and offered without warranty. While We are happy to furnish non-expert website content, it is understood that such content is given for no consideration and We shall have no liability for content or results obtained, and all such content being accepted at your own risk. You are solely responsible for your access to, use of and/or reliance on any content. You must conduct any necessary, appropriate, prudent, or judicious investigation, inquiry, research, and due diligence with respect to any content found within Our websites. You agree to indemnify and hold JWW Services Inc. harmless from any and all actions, civil or criminal, claims, liabilities, and losses including Our attorney fees, arising from the content of any JWW Services Inc. website. Furthermore the content found on our websites has been written without taking into account your ability to work safely; nor does it account for any specific project situation, objectives, or needs. Before acting on any information found on our websites you should consider the appropriateness of the content, as well as your ability to safely perform any task with regard to your project situation, objectives, and needs. We shall not be held responsible for errors or omissions including but not limited to typographical errors.
Communication Waiver of Liability
3.2 All communication with Us, including but not limited to that which is conveyed via email, should be considered informational only and not the opinion or suggestion of an expert. Verbal and written comments, suggestions, instructions and other communication provided by Us are to be considered opinion only and are offered without warranty. While We are happy to furnish non-expert advice, it is understood that such advice is given for no consideration and We shall have no liability for advice given or results obtained, and all such advice being accepted at your own risk. You are solely responsible for your access to, use of and/or reliance on any form of communications with Us. You must conduct any necessary, appropriate, prudent, or judicious investigation, inquiry, research, and due diligence with respect to any written or verbal comments or suggestions including that which is conveyed via email. You agree to indemnify and hold JWW Services Inc. harmless from any and all actions, civil or criminal, claims, liabilities, and losses including Our attorney fees, arising from a verbal or written suggestion, comment, or instruction from anyone employed by or representing JWW Services Inc.
Governing Law & Consent to Jurisdiction
3.3 Any dispute (civil or criminal including claims, liabilities and losses) arising from a verbal or written suggestion, comment or instruction from anyone employed by or representing JWW Services Inc. or the transactions contemplated using this site, shall be governed by laws of the State of Maryland. Any state court located in Harford County, State of Maryland shall serve as the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of any such disputes.
Links are Not Endorsements
3.4 Please note that once you leave a JWW Services Inc. web site, We accept no responsibility for the content, products, services or privacy policies of these unaffiliated web sites. Links to other web sites or references to products, services or publications other than those of JWW Services Inc. do not imply the endorsement or approval of such web sites, products, services, or publications by us.
Accuracy and Changes
3.5 The information provided on the JWW Services Inc. websites which includes, but is not limited to VeneerSupplies.com and JoeWoodworker.com are believed to be complete and up-to-date but are not warranted as such. We reserve the right to modify the information on Our web sites at any time without notice. Any such modification shall be effective immediately upon posting and your continued use of this website shall indicate your acceptance of these changes.
Severability and Conflicts with other Terms
3.6 If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is determined to be unlawful, void or unenforceable for any reason, in whole or in part, then that provision shall be severable from these Terms and Conditions and shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions. Conflicts between these Terms and Conditions and the specific terms and conditions of any other agreements relating to JWW Services Inc. accounts, products and services, shall be controlled by the specific terms and conditions of the other agreements relating to JWW Services Inc. accounts, products and services.
Section 4: Privacy Policy
4.1
When you browse our the JoeWoodworker website, it does not store any information from you, other than 'cookies' as described in sections 4.3 through 4.6 below. We physically can't store your information because we have nowhere to store it. We do not have a server database associated with JoeWoodworker.com.
4.2 However, you may opt to contact us through a "Contact Us" link found on our site. This link takes you to the contact form on the VeneerSupplies.com website which does collect some personally identifying data. The VeneerSupplies.com website has its own separate privacy policy as well as terms and conditions of use.
4.3 Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables our site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We do not use cookies.
4.4 Regardless of our option to not use cookies, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since each browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct means of modifying your cookie settings. If you turn cookies off it will not affect any features of the site.
4.5 We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties any information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving/supplying our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.
Assumption of Agreement
4.6 We assume that all customers and all visitors to our website have carefully read this privacy policy and agree to its contents. Use of our website implies acceptance of this privacy policy. If you do not agree with this privacy policy, you should refrain from using our website. We reserve the right to change our privacy policy as necessity dictates.
Section 5: User Submitted Images
5.1 Photographs, images, drawings, renderings and the like (herein "image" or "images") which are submitted to any email address at VeneerSupplies.com, JoeWoodworker.com, or any JWW Services Inc. website via direct email or through the submitting of a form are subject to the follow conditions.
All images submitted by you to Us shall become Our property for use at Our sole discretion.
You understand and agree that We may use, edit, transmit, publish, or make derivative media of any image that you submit to Us for any purpose without any form of recognition, compensation, or communication to you.
You understand that We may use your first name, last name, business name, city, and state in conjunction with any image you provide to us.
You understand and agree that any image you submit to Us may be removed from Our sites and servers at Our discretion for any cause or reason. You may contact Us in writing if you wish to request the removal of the image and We shall attempt to honor this request within 10 business days.
You hereby waive any and all privacy expectations that you may have with respect to any such images submitted to Us by you.
By submitting an image, you hereby warrant and represent that the submitted file does not infringe on any copyright or trademark, any rights of privacy or publicity of any person, or any other right of any third party.
You further understand and agree that any image submitted to Us by you may be available for downloading, viewing, reviewing, and commenting by the public.
Section 6: Cookies and Internet Security
6.1 Many of Our web pages utilize cookies and other tracking technologies. A cookie is a small file that may be used, for example, to collect information about web site activity. Some cookies and other technologies may serve to recall Personal Information previously indicated by a web user. Most browsers allow you to control cookies, including whether or not to accept them and how to remove them.
6.2 You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies with your browser, but please note that if you choose to erase or block your cookies, you will need to re-enter your original user ID and password to gain access to certain parts of the web site.
6.3 Tracking technologies may record information such as Internet domain and host names; Internet protocol (IP) addresses; browser software and operating system types; clickstream patterns; and dates and times that Our site is accessed. Our use of cookies and other tracking technologies allows Us to improve Our web site and your web experience.
6.4 In general, Our websites protects your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input. A lock icon indicates that your browser has connected to a web page that has enabled an SSL connection. Think of this as a secure pipeline that prevents anyone from intercepting any sensitive or confidential data (such as credit card numbers) that is transmitted between you and the web server.
6.5 We do not guarantee and are not liable for the performance, security or privacy of the online system, website, and browser or Internet connection through which you accesses your account and/or place online orders with us.
6.6 Access to Our website may be unavailable at times, such as when (i) systems require backup, maintenance, or upgrades; (ii) unforeseen maintenance is necessary; or (iii) major unforeseen events occur, such as earthquakes, fires, floods, computer failures or other circumstances beyond Our control. We are not under any circumstance liable for the unavailability of access to Our websites.
Section 7: Waiver of Liability Regarding Handling of Products
7.1 The products shown on this website, which include but are not limited to wood products, adhesives, plastics, metals, liquids, and other potentially hazardous materials, can pose dangers to humans and animals. Because of the wide array of physical reactions which can occur by breathing, handling, or having other physical contact with any product offered on this website, We shall not be held responsible for injury, harm, illness, allergic reaction, sickness, death, or other untoward occurrence. You shall have the sole responsibility of donning appropriate safety equipment/gear in accordance with the instructions provided by the manufacturer of the safety equipment/gear.
Proposition 65 Warning (Assembly Bill 1953) To California and Other Applicable States Users
7.2 This warning is provided to comply with California's Proposition 65 (Assembly Bill 1953) product labeling law and may apply to other states. Every brass product sold by JWW Services Inc., DBA VeneerSupplies.com, may contain chemicals known to the state of California to cause cancer, birth defects or other reproductive harm. Our brass fittings and other products may contain lead and are not for use with potable water. As with any product of this nature, We recommend washing your hands after contact with brass parts. We provide this warning based on Our knowledge concerning the possible presence of one or more such chemicals, without attempting to evaluate the level of exposure.
© 1998-2020 JoeWoodworker.com
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy