http://www.sagawards.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Close
Submissions
Media and Publicists
Home
About Actor's Stories
Calendar
History
I Am An Actor
International Broadcasts
Nominees and Recipients Nominees and Recipients
Life Achievement Award
Search
Awards Awards Calendar
Submissions
Rules and Eligibility
FYC Campaign Guidelines
Media & Publicists News & Information
Guidelines & Conditions
Members Voting
In Memoriam
Sponsors Program Book
Auction
Contact
SAG-AFTRA
Facebook
instagram
Twitter
Privacy PolicyBody: The following are the terms of the privacy policy regarding your use of the Screen Actors Guild Awards (“SAG Awards”) website (the “Site”). This Privacy Policy is not applicable to any other websites that you may be able to access from the Site including but not limited to, the SAG-AFTRA website (www.sagaftra.org), the legacy Screen Actors Guild website (www.sag.org), the legacy AFTRA website (www.aftra.com), and the SAG Awards RSVP screenings website (www.sagawardsRSVP.org), each of which may have data collection and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Policy. The SAG Awards may in its discretion work with third parties to host, collect, process and/or store information you provide through the Site (“Third Party Agents”). SAG Awards, LLC, together with Screen Actors Guild-American Federation of Television and Radio Artists (“SAG-AFTRA”) and the Third Party Agents, are referred to collectively as the “Site Operators”.
A. Kinds of Information Collected. The Site Operators collect information from you and about you and your use of the Site and uses that information in various ways.
Registration. In order to register as a user of the Site and in order to access certain of the Site’s services, you may be required to provide or confirm personal information including your legal and/or professional name, address, contact information, telephone numbers, email address, company affiliations and company contact information, and other information to verify your identity and to provide you with access to the submissions area of the Site (“Registration Information”). You will also be asked to create a unique password for the Site. You may be required to confirm this information from time to time.
Traffic and Transaction Data. Our servers may automatically recognize visitors’ domain names and IP addresses (the number assigned to computers on the Internet). Some limited personal information about you may also be collected in this process. The Site may also gather anonymous “traffic data” that does not personally identify you, but that data may be helpful for marketing purposes or for improving the services we offer. In addition, we may use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our site, or to display the content according to your preferences. Traffic and transaction information may also be shared with business partners and advertisers on an aggregate and anonymous basis. The Site Operators will not share your personal information with business partners and advertisers without your consent except as specifically stated in this policy.
Cookies. From time to time, we may use the standard “cookies” feature of major browser applications that allows us to store a small piece of data on your computer about your visit to the Site. We do not set any personally identifiable information in cookies. For example, cookies help us learn which areas of our site are useful and which areas need improvement. You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings on your browser. However, if you choose to disable this function, your experience at our Site may be diminished and some features may not work as they were intended. We may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, to save your password so you don’t have to re-enter it each time you visit the Site, or for other purposes. Promotions or advertisements displayed on the Site may contain third party cookies. We do not have access to or control over information collected by such third parties.
Contact and Submission Data. The Site Operators may collect your legal and/or professional name, address, contact information, telephone numbers, company affiliations and company contact information, email addresses, and other contact information. This information may be used by the SAG Awards to provide services to you and communicate with you, and may be used by the SAG Awards for any purposes related to the business of the SAG Awards or the SAG-AFTRA. All information collected by the SAG Awards may be shared with the SAG-AFTRA.
Email Addresses. When you send email inquiries to the Site Operators, your return email address is used to answer the email inquiry we receive. The Site Operators do not use the return email address obtained in this manner for any other purpose and do not share the return email address with any third party unless specifically authorized by you in the email inquiry.
Credit Card Data. When you make payments by credit card online, the Site Operators shall obtain your credit card and related information but such credit card and related information shall be used only to process your payment. The credit card information may be retained by the SAG Awards for a limited period as proof of payment. The SAG Awards may use third party services to process your credit card transaction.
Publicist and Media Database. If you participate in the Site’s Publicist/Media database and submit your contact and other information through the Site, your submitted information will be shared with an outside vendor to maintain and manage the database. Our outside vendor may merge your data into its own databases and make your data available to its subscribers. At this time the SAG Awards uses Vocus for such database services, but reserves the right to change vendors at any time. Additionally, information you submit to us may be shared with our public relations firm and other advisors, the network, the network’s public relations firm, law enforcement, our security services vendor and others we determine have a need to know this information. By participating in the Publicist/Media database through the Site you agree to the use of your data as described in this paragraph.
Credentials Processing. In connection with obtaining a credential to attend a SAG Awards event, you will be required to submit data to us and our third party vendor managing the credentials process on our behalf. Our vendor is currently eventcredentials.com; however we reserve the right to change vendors in our discretion. Information you submit to us may be shared with our public relations firm and other advisors, the network, the network’s public relations firm, law enforcement, our security services vendor and others we determine have a need to know this information. Your credentials may be revoked at any time with or without notice in our sole and absolute discretion. You may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions in connection with the issuance of a credential to you.
The Site Operators follow generally accepted industry standards to protect personal information submitted to us. We limit access to personal information about you to our employees and agents who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while the Site Operators strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Further, the Site Operators will not be liable for any inadvertent disclosure of any information by us or any other parties in any manner inconsistent with the provisions in such paragraphs. If you do not agree with the provisions of this privacy policy, please send an email to awardsinfo@sagawards.org and request that we remove your information from such uses.
B. Advertisers and Other Parties: Through the Site you may be introduced to a variety of other parties and sites including but not limited to vendors of goods and services, providers of other information and other such parties including but not limited to thesagshop.com and other web sites provided through link on the Site. All these parties are independent contractors and not related to the Guild. The privacy policies and terms of use of these other parties and sites are not under the Guild’s control and may differ from the Guild’s privacy policy and terms of use. You should carefully review the applicable privacy policies and terms of use prior to accessing and using third party sites. The use of any information you may provide to any other party or site, or the use of “cookie” technology by any other party or site, will be governed by the privacy policy and terms of use of the operator of the other site that you are visiting. In some cases these other parties and sites may share the information that they collect about you with the Guild. If you have any doubts about the privacy or security of the information you are providing to another party or on another site or about the privacy policy and terms of use of such other parties or sites, the Guild recommends that you contact that other party and site directly for more information and review their privacy policy and terms of use. the Guild is not now and never will be responsible for the actions of such other parties in any manner whatsoever, including but not limited to any violation of such privacy policies, terms of use or otherwise. The Guild does not endorse any of these web sites, companies, organizations, or services or the content of any of these web sites.
C. Your Rights to Opt Out and Change or Delete Your Information: If you do not wish to receive e-mail or other correspondence related to the Guild’s or other parties’ marketing, promotions, products or services, please email awardsinfo@sagawards.org. To change or delete the information you have provided, please email awardsinfo@sagawards.org.
D. Site Operators’ Rights To Change; Permitted Releases. The Site Operators may change this privacy policy or any aspect of it by publicly posting a notification of such changes on the Site but without any individual notice to you. If you use the Site after such change is so posted, you will be deemed to have accepted such change and such change shall be made a part of this privacy policy. Notwithstanding anything else in this privacy policy, the Site Operators may release information when they believes that such release is reasonably necessary to (1) comply with law, (2) enforce or apply terms of any of agreement between you and the Guild or (3) protect the rights, property or safety of the Guild, other users, or others.
E. Our Policy Towards Children: The Site is not directed to persons under 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If a parent or guardian believes that his or her child has provided us with personally identifiable information without their consent, he or she should contact us at awardsinfo@sagawards.org. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personally identifiable Information, we will delete such information from our files.
F. Effective Date: The effective date for this privacy policy is July 6, 2012.
Back to top