https://www.scottishballet.co.uk/website/privacy-statement
Coronavirus update: join us this winter for online events, classes and our first-ever feature film. Please click here for the latest update on performances and other activities.< About this siteAccessibilityCookiesTerms and conditionsPrivacy StatementPrivacy Statement MenuPrivacy InformationScottish Ballet takes the privacy of those whose data we hold very seriously. We have produced this Privacy Policy because it is important that you know what information (if any) we collect through our website & other channels; how we collect it and how we use that information.We regularly review our practices to ensure that your privacy is appropriately protected. We may update or modify this Privacy Policy from time to time and so you should view this Privacy Policy regularly.OnlineWe currently operate the website scottishballet.co.uk ("the Site"). In general terms, we do not obtain any personal information about you simply through you browsing our Site. We do gather some non-identifiable information through the use of cookies (see our Cookie Policy here) and we may on occasion use this information to provide you with targeted digital advertising about our events which we think may be of interest to you. It is only when you contact us through the Site or by e-mail (for instance, if you sign up to become a Free Member) that we obtain personal information about you, such as your name and your email address. We also use a variety of social media channels including Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and YouTube. Whilst we may engage through these channels we do not typically use them to collect personal data, though individual comments containing feedback may be saved. At times we use Facebook advertising to enable new users to sign up and become a Free Members by providing their full name and email address. This data is processed by our organisation into our ticketing system and Facebook and our advertising partners do not have access to it. Though we do not otherwise collect personal data we may process information on our audiences anonymously. Please see below for further information on how we process data.Data ProcessingWhen using your personal information we will act in accordance with both the EU General Data Protections Regulations 2016 (GDPR) and the current Data Protection laws of the UK, and we also aim to meet current good practice guidelines.We only retain your personal information on our databases in accordance with our retention policy which sets out the time and legal reason for the holding and processing of your data. Your data will be kept secure using appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.If you would like further information regarding how your data is processed and held please click here.Third PartiesFrom time to time we may engage a third party to provide services on our behalf and, in such a case, we may have to disclose personal information to them in order to deal with your request. We will however take all reasonable steps to ensure that the third party providing the services uses adequate measures to protect your data. You are welcome to opt out of this or any other data processing by using the contact details below.Accessing Your InformationScottish Ballet will provide you with a copy of all of the personal information we hold about you upon written request and where appropriate proof of identification. Any requests should be directed to The Brand, Audience & Digital Department, Scottish Ballet, Tramway, 25 Albert Drive, Glasgow, G41 2PE.For further details on our privacy policy and retention schedules please click here.Please contact us at the above or by emailing feedback@scottishballet.co.uk if you wish to have your personal information removed from a particular mailing list or database at any time. We will also provide you with an opportunity to unsubscribe in any emails which we send to you.This Privacy Policy was last updated on the 18 of November 2020 in accordance with the GDPR & DPA 2018.