http://www.commarts.com/privacy-policy-terms
Disciplines
Gallery
Magazine
Enter Competition
Subscribe
Get Our Newsletter
Advertising
Design
Illustration
Interactive
Photography
Typography
Subscribe Now
Subscribe
Student
Gift
Sign In|Register
—
Magazine
Enter Competition
—
Home
Columns
Award Winners
Exhibit
Features
Timeline
Fresh
Webpicks
Book Reviews
—
Subscribe Now
Get Our Newsletter
Contact Us
About Us
Creative Hotlist
Advertise With Us
Submit Work
Write For Us
Customer Service
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
©2020 Coyne & Blanchard, Inc. All rights Reserved.
—
Follow Us
Loading ...
Privacy Policy & Terms
Legal Notices
Last revised: January 3, 2013
Coyne & Blanchard, Inc. Privacy Policy
Communication Arts, www.commarts.com, creativehotlist.com and submit2.commarts.com are owned and operated by:
Coyne & Blanchard, Inc.110 Constitution DrMenlo Park, CA 94025webdirector@commarts.com(650) 326-6040
Introduction
It's our goal to bring you information and services that are valuable to your career and, at the same time, protect your privacy. Since we want you to feel comfortable using our sites, please familiarize yourself with this Privacy Policy. This Policy explains our practices in connection with information we collect through our websites at www.commarts.com, creativehotlist.com and submit2.commarts.com (the "websites").
Your use of any portion of these websites means that you agree to the terms of our Privacy Policy as it is outlined below. If you cannot agree with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, please do not visit our websites. This Privacy Policy may be modified from time to time; the date of the most recent revision will appear at the top of this page. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check this page periodically. Continued access to our websites by you will constitute your acceptance of any changes or revisions to the Privacy Policy.
Note Regarding the Use of the websites by Children:
Our websites are not directed to individuals under the age of thirteen (13), and we request that such individuals do not provide Personally Identifiable Information through our websites.
The Type of Information We Collect
We collect the e-mail addresses of anyone who communicates with us via e-mail, as well as any information volunteered by you, including survey information, name and address, telephone number, payment information (e.g., credit card number and billing address), etc.
Our servers may also automatically collect information about your computer when you visit our websites, including the type of browser software you use, the operating system you are running, the website that referred you, and your Internet Protocol ("IP") address, which is usually associated with the place from which you enter the Internet. We use this information for purposes such as calculating website usage levels, helping diagnose problems with the websites's servers, administering the websites, and improving website-related services and features.
How We Use this Information
The information we collect is used to fulfill your purchases or other requests, improve the content of our websites, customize the content and/or layout for each individual visitor and to contact you for marketing purposes. For example, if you subscribe to our publication, we may use your e-mail address to send you a confirmation notice and/or your mailing address to send you the publication. We may also use the information to communicate with you about new features, products or services, and/or to improve the services that we offer by tailoring them to your needs.
We may operate sweepstakes, contests and similar promotions (collectively, "promotions") through our websites. We typically ask you for certain information when you enter and, if applicable, win a promotion. You should carefully review the rules, if any, of each promotion in which you participate through our Websites, as they may contain additional important information about our use of information about you. To the extent that the terms and conditions of the rules of the promotion conflict with this Privacy Policy, the terms and conditions of the rules of the promotion shall control.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers online will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders that have been placed on-line.
You may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services. If you do not wish to receive these promotional communications, please refer to the "Opting-Out/Discontinuation" section below.
How We Share this Information
We work with third parties who provide services including but not limited to data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment and other services of an administrative nature. We reserve the right to share information about you with such third parties for the purpose of enabling them to provide these services. For example, if you choose to make a purchase through our websites, we may share your payment information or other information with our third party service providers to fulfill your purchase, including, without limitation, to process your credit card or payment account number or to ship products to you.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Policy to the contrary, we reserve the right to disclose information about you to others as we believe to be appropriate (a) under applicable law; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to governmental requests; (d) to enforce our Terms of Use; (e) to protect our operations; (f) to protect the rights, privacy, safety or property of our company, you or others; and (g) to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain. For example, we may, to the fullest extent the law allows, disclose information about you to law enforcement agencies to assist them in identifying individuals who have been or may be engaged in unlawful activities.
We reserve the right to transfer any and all information that we collect from our websites's users to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including without limitation in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
Cookies
We use cookies to store your preferences, record session information, such as items that you add to your shopping cart, and customize Web page content based on your browser type and usage patterns.
We collect cookies on our websites to capture information about page visits. This information is anonymous and we use this information only internally—to deliver the most effective content to our visitors. Information from the cookies is used to gauge page popularity, analyze traffic patterns on our sites and guide development of other improvements to our sites. We do not require that you accept cookies, however, some functionality on our websites, our products or services may be disabled if you decline to accept cookies. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. You may also change your cookie settings through preferences options in our products and/or services, where applicable.
We may also use so-called "pixel tags," "web beacons," "clear GIFs," or similar means in connection with website pages and HTML-formatted email messages to, among other things, track the actions of website users and e-mail recipients, to determine the success of promotional campaigns and to compile aggregate statistics about our website's usages and response rates.
Ad Servers
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our websites. Please note that these companies may use information about your visit to our websites to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. As a result of your visit to our websites, ad server companies may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser and collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. For further information, consult the privacy policies of www.doubleclick.com.
Remarketing with Google Analytics
We use analytics data and the DoubleClick cookie to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to our websites. Site visitors may opt out of the DoubleClick cookie by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page or they may opt out of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics opt-out page.
Google has additional information available about their Remarketing Privacy Guidelines, Policies, and Restrictions.
Links to Other Websites
Our websites also contain links to third party websites. These linked websites are not under our control and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the contents of any such linked website, or any link contained in any linked website. We provide such links only as a convenience, and the inclusion of a link on our websites does not imply our endorsement of the linked website. If you provide any personal information through a third party website, your transaction will occur on the third party's website (not our websites) and the information you provide will be collected by, and controlled by the privacy policy of, that third party. We recommend that you familiarize yourself with the privacy policies and practices of any such third parties. PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS POLICY DOES NOT ADDRESS THE PRIVACY OR INFORMATION PRACTICES OF ANY THIRD PARTIES.
Security
We seek to have security measures and tools, such as firewalls, in place to help protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. For example, when you make a purchase through our websites, your personal details and credit card information are scrambled using SSL encryption technology before being sent over the Internet.
Access to this information is available to you through a unique user name and password. The password is encrypted and we recommend that you not divulge it to anyone. In addition, your registration information resides on a secure server that only selected Coyne & Blanchard, Inc. personnel have access to.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or data storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, although we strive to protect personal information you provide to us, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us through or in connection with our websites or that is stored by us. You acknowledge and agree that any information you transmit through our websites or upload for storage in connection with our websites is so transmitted or stored at your own risk.
When you order products or services or upload content through our websites, you will create a unique user name and password. We recommend that you not divulge the password to anyone. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), you must immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us at the address, telephone number or email address listed above (note that if you choose to notify us via physical mail, this will delay the time it takes for us to respond to the problem).
Opting Out/Discontinuation
If you do not want to continue receiving marketing-related emails from us, you may opt out of receiving these messages by using the opt-out mechanism in these emails or by contacting us at the address listed above.
Updating Our Records
If you would like to update any personal information that you have previously provided to us through our Websites, you may do so by contacting us at the address listed above.
Jurisdictional Issues
Our Websites are controlled and operated from the United States, and are not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States. We do not represent or warrant that our websites, or any part thereof, are appropriate or available for use in any particular jurisdiction. Those who choose to access our websites do so on their own initiative and at their own risk, and are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations. We may limit the websites's availability, in whole or in part, to any person, geographic area or jurisdiction we choose, at any time and in our sole discretion.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, the practices of Coyne & Blanchard, Inc., your dealings with us or just want to give us feedback or suggestions, please contact us at the address listed above.
If you believe that we have not complied with our Privacy Policy, with respect to your personal information, please contact us at the above address. In your communication, describe in as much detail as possible the ways in which you believe that we have not complied with our policy and we will investigate your complaint.
Coyne & Blanchard, Inc. Terms of Use
Communication Arts, www.commarts.com, creativehotlist.com and submit2.commarts.com are owned and operated by:
Coyne & Blanchard, Inc.110 Constitution DrMenlo Park, CA 94025webdirector@commarts.com(650) 326-6040
PLEASE READ THIS TERMS OF USE AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE USING OUR SITES.
Coyne & Blanchard, Inc.("Company" "we" "us") provide these websites and all website-related services (collectively, the "websites" subject to your compliance with the terms and conditions set forth in this agreement (the "Agreement"). This Agreement governs the relationship between our Company and you, the websites's visitor and/or member (including your employer and any affiliates and its or their employees, contractors and agents, "you") with respect to your use of these websites. It is important that you read carefully and understand the terms and conditions of this Agreement. By using our websites, you agree to be bound by this Agreement. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use our websites.
We reserve the right at any time to:
Change the terms and conditions of this Agreement;
Change the websites, including eliminating or discontinuing any content on or feature of the websites; or Change any fees or charges for use of the websites.
Any changes we make will be effective automatically seven (7) days after posting such changes on the websites. Your continued use of the websites following such changes will be deemed acceptance of such changes. Be sure to return to this page periodically to ensure familiarity with the most current version of this Agreement. Upon our request, you agree to sign a non-electronic version of this Agreement.
1. Materials.
The information and materials provided through our websites, including any data, text, graphics, images, audio and video clips, logos, icons, software and links (collectively, the "Materials"), are intended to educate and inform you about visual communication and related subjects. You may not (and shall have no right to) download or make copies of the Materials other than transitory copies of portions of the Materials that are made as an essential step in accessing and viewing the Materials and that exist non-persistently in computer memory only for so long as the Materials are being actively used. Unless otherwise specified on our websites, you may view Materials displayed on our websites solely for your internal business needs. You may execute a single copy of any software available for downloading on our websites ("Software"). The Materials remain the property of Company or its licensors or suppliers. Use or downloading of the Software and viewing of other Materials ar	e conditioned on acceptance of the terms and conditions of any license agreements relating to such Software or other Materials, including agreements of third parties. By acquiring or using the Materials, you agree to such terms and conditions. You may not download, distribute, copy or use any of the Materials except as expressly authorized by this Agreement and, in any event, you may not distribute, modify, transmit or publicly display the Materials without the written consent of Company or, if so indicated in writing by Company, its licensors or suppliers.
2. Registration.
Some areas of our websites may require you to be or become a Company member. When and if you register to become a member, you agree to (a) provide accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by our registration form (including your email address) and (b) maintain and update your information (including your email address) to keep it accurate, current and complete. You acknowledge that, if any information provided by you is untrue, inaccurate, unverifiable, not current or incomplete, we reserve the right to terminate this Agreement and your use of our websites.
As part of the registration process, you will be asked to select a username and password. We may refuse to grant you a username that impersonates someone else, is or may be illegal, is or may be protected by trademark or other proprietary rights law, is vulgar or otherwise offensive, or may cause confusion, as determined by us at our sole discretion. You will be responsible for the confidentiality and use of your username and password and agree not to transfer or resell your use of or access to our websites to any third party. If you have reason to believe that your account with us is no longer secure, you must promptly change your password by visiting https://store.commarts.com/Account/MyAccounts and immediately notify us of the problem by emailing us at webdirector@commarts.com. YOU ARE SOLELY AND ENTIRELY RESPONSIBLE FOR MAINTAINING THE CONFIDENTIAL	ITY OF YOUR USERNAME AND PASSWORD AND FOR ANY AND ALL ACTIVITIES (INCLUDING PURCHASES, AS APPLICABLE) THAT ARE CONDUCTED THROUGH YOUR ACCOUNT.
3. Code of Conduct.
While using our websites, Materials and/or Software, you agree not to:
Restrict or inhibit any other visitor or member from using our websites, including, without limitation, by means of "hacking" or defacing any portion of our websites;
Use our websites, Materials or Software for any unlawful purpose;
Express or imply that any statements you make are endorsed by us, without our prior written consent;
Transmit (a) any content or information that is unlawful, fraudulent, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene or otherwise objectionable, or infringes our or any third party's intellectual property or other rights; (b) any material, non-public information about companies without the authorization to do so; (c) any trade secret of any third party; or (d) any advertisements, solicitations, chain letters, pyramid schemes, investment opportunities or other unsolicited commercial communication (except as otherwise expressly permitted by us),
Engage in spamming or flooding;
Transmit any software or other materials that contain any viruses, worms, trojan horses, defects, date bombs, time bombs or other items of a destructive nature;
Modify, adapt, sub-license, translate, sell, create derivative works of, reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble any portion of our websites or Software;
Remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices contained in our websites, Materials or Software;
"Frame" or "mirror" any part of our websites without our prior written authorization;
Link to any page of or content on our websites other than the URL;
Use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application or other manual or automatic device or process to retrieve, index, "data mine" or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of our websites or their contents; or
Harvest or collect information about our websites's visitors or members without their express consent.
While using our websites, Materials and/or Software, you agree to comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations.
4. Making purchases.
If you wish to purchase products or services described on our websites, you will be asked by Company or the third party provider of the product or service to supply certain information applicable to your purchase, including, without limitation, credit card and other information. You understand that any such information will be treated by Company in the manner described in our Privacy Policy . You agree that all information that you provide to Company or such third party provider will be accurate, current and complete. You agree to pay all charges incurred by you or any users of your account and credit card (or other applicable payment mechanism) at the price(s) in effect when such charges are incurred. You will also be responsible for paying any applicable taxes relating to your purchases.
Descriptions or images of, or references to, products or services on our websites do not imply Company's endorsement of such products or services. We reserve the right, without prior notification, to change such descriptions or references, to limit the order quantity on any product or service and/or to refuse service to you. Verification of information applicable to a purchase may be required prior to Company's acceptance of any order. Price and availability of any product or service are subject to change without notice.
5. Information Provided by Company.
Although Company strives to provide Materials that are both useful and accurate, data and other information change frequently and are subject to varying interpretations. In addition, the facts and circumstances of every situation differ. Accordingly, although Company endeavors to use reasonable care in assembling the Materials, the Materials may not be up-to-date, accurate or complete. Please contact Company at webdirector@commarts.com to determine whether you have the most recent version of the Materials made generally available by Company, although even the most recent version available from Company may not be up-to-date, accurate or complete.
6. Submissions and Postings.
By sending or transmitting to us creative suggestions, ideas, notes, comments, concepts, information or other materials (collectively, "Submissions"), or by posting such Submissions to any area of our websites, you grant us and our designees a worldwide, non-exclusive, sublicenseable (with further rights to sublicense in all sublicensees), assignable, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable right to use, reproduce, distribute (through multiple tiers), create derivative works of, publicly perform, publicly display, digitally perform, make, have made, sell, offer for sale and import such Submissions in any media now known or hereafter developed, for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, without compensation to the provider of the Submissions. None of the Submissions will be subject to any obligation, whether of confidentiality, attribution or otherwise, on our part and we will not be liable for any use or disclosure of any Submissions.
7. Links.
Our websites contain links to other Internet websites, including affiliated websites, which may or may not be owned or operated by Company. Company has not reviewed all of the websites that are linked to our websites, and Company has no control over such websites. Unless otherwise explicitly stated, Company is not responsible for the content of such websites, any updates or changes to such websites, or the privacy or other practices of such websites, and the fact that Company offers such links does not indicate any approval or endorsement of any material contained on any linked website. Company is providing these links to you only as a convenience. Accordingly, we strongly encourage you to become familiar with the terms of use and practices of any linked website. Further, it is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever links you select or software you download (whether from our websites or other websites) is free of such items as viruses, worms, trojan horses, defects, date bombs, time bombs and other items of a destructive nature.
8. Claims of Copyright Infringement.
If you believe in good faith that materials hosted by Company infringe your copyright, you (or your agent) may send us a notice requesting that the material be removed, or access to it blocked. The notice must include the following information: (a) a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; (b) identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed (or if multiple copyrighted works located on our websites are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works); (c) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or the subject of infringing activity, and information reasonably sufficient to allow Company to locate the material on our websites; (d) the name, address, telephone number and email address (if available) of the complaining party; (e) a statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; and (f) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. Notices with respect to our websites should be sent to webdirector@commarts.com. We suggest that you consult your legal advisor before filing a notice or counter-notice.
9. Ownership and Restrictions on Use.
Our websites are owned and operated by Company in conjunction with others pursuant to contractual arrangements, and the Materials (and any intellectual property and other rights relating thereto) are and will remain the property of Company and its licensors and suppliers. The Materials and the selection, compilation, collection, arrangement and assembly thereof are protected by U.S. and international copyright, trademark and other laws, and you acknowledge that these rights are valid and enforceable. You may not copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit or distribute Materials or other content or information available on or through our websites in any way without our prior written permission. The Materials may be used solely to the extent necessary for your authorized use of our websites, as provided in this Agreement or as expressly authorized in writing by Company or, if so indicated in writing by Company, its licensors or suppliers. Modification of the Materials or use of the Materials for any other purpose is a violation of our copyright and other proprietary rights, and is strictly prohibited. You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by using our websites or the Materials.
The trademarks, logos, and service marks displayed on our websites (collectively the "Trademarks") are the registered and unregistered trademarks of Company, Company's licensors and suppliers, and others. The Trademarks owned by Company, whether registered or unregistered, may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Company's, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion with customers, or in any manner that disparages Company. Nothing contained on our websites should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark without the express written permission of Company, Company's licensors or suppliers, or the third party owner of any such Trademark. Misuse of any Trademarks is prohibited, and Company will enforce its intellectual property rights in such Trademarks, including via civil and criminal proceedings.
10. Access By Minors.
Pursuant to 47 U.S.C. Section 230 (d), as amended, we hereby notify you that parental control protections (such as computer hardware, software or filtering services) are commercially available that may assist you in limiting access to material that is harmful to minors. Information identifying current providers of such protections is available at the websites of the Electronic Frontier Foundation (http://www.eff.org/pub/Censorship/Ratings_filters_labelling/) and of America Links Up (http://www.netparents.org/parentstips/browsers.html).
11. Jurisdictional Issues.
our websites are solely directed to individuals residing in the United States. We make no representation that Materials available on or through our websites are appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who choose to access our websites from other locations do so on their own initiative and at their own risk, and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. The Software is further subject to United States export controls. No Software may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported (a) into (or to a national or resident of) Cuba, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Iran, Syria or any other country to which the U.S. has embargoed goods; or (b) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Deny Orders. By downloading or using any Software, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list.
We reserve the right to limit the availability of our websites and/or the provision of any service, program, film or other product described thereon to any person, geographic area or jurisdiction, at any time and in our sole discretion, and to limit the quantities of any such service, program, film or other product that we provide.
12. Rules for Sweepstakes.
Contests and Games. Any sweepstakes, contests or games that are accessible through our websites are governed by specific rules. By entering such sweepstakes or contests or participating in such games you will become subject to those rules. We urge you to read the applicable rules, which are linked from the particular activity, and to review our Privacy Policy which, in addition to this Agreement, governs any information you submit in connection with such sweepstakes, contests and games.
13. Termination.
This Agreement shall remain effective until terminated in accordance with its terms. Either party may terminate this Agreement immediately upon notice to the other party. In addition, we reserve the right to immediately terminate this Agreement, and/or your access to and use of our websites or any portion thereof, at any time and for any reason, with or without cause. Upon termination of this Agreement by either party, your right to use our websites shall immediately cease, and you shall destroy all Materials obtained from our websites and all copies thereof, whether made under the terms of this Agreement or otherwise.
14. Disclaimers.
OUR WEBSITES, THE MATERIALS ON OUR WEBSITES, ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE OBTAINED THROUGH OUR WEBSITES AND THE SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, COMPANY AND ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS, ADVERTISERS, SPONSORS AND AGENTS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, ACCURACY, MERCHANTABILITY, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ANY WARRANTIES THAT MAY ARISE FROM COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusions may not apply to you. COMPANY AND ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS, ADVERTISERS, SPONSORS AND AGENTS DO NOT WARRANT THAT YOUR USE OF OUR WEBSITES OR THE SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE OR SECURE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT OUR WEBSITES, THE SERVER(S) ON WHICH OUR WEBSITES ARE HOSTED OR SOFTWARE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR OBTAINING AND MAINTAINING ALL TELEPHONE, COMPUTER HARDWARE AND OTHER EQUIPMENT NEEDED TO ACCESS AND USE OUR WEBSITES, AND ALL CHARGES RELATED THERETO. YOU ASSUME ALL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK FOR YOUR USE OF OUR WEBSITES AND THE SOFTWARE AND YOUR RELIANCE THEREON. NO OPINION, ADVICE OR STATEMENT OF COMPANY OR ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS, ADVERTISERS, SPONSORS, AGENTS, MEMBERS OR VISITORS, WHETHER MADE ON OUR WEBSITES, IN THE SOFTWARE OR OTHERWISE, SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY.YOUR USE OF OUR WEBSITES AND ANY MATERIALS PROVIDED THROUGH OUR WEBSITES ARE ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK.
A possibility exists that our websites or Materials could include inaccuracies or errors, or information or materials that violate these Terms of Use (including the Code of Conduct above). Additionally, a possibility exists that unauthorized alterations could be made by third parties to our websites or Materials. Although we attempt to ensure the integrity of our websites, we make no guarantees as to our websites's completeness or correctness. In the event that a situation arises in which our websites's completeness or correctness is in question, please contact us at webdirector@commarts.com with, if possible, a description of the material to be checked and the location (URL) where such material can be found on our websites, as well as information sufficient to enable us to contact you. We will try to address your concerns as soon as reasonably practicable. For copyright infringement claims, see the section on "Claims of Copyright Infringement" above.
15. Limitation of Liability.
NEITHER COMPANY NOR ANY OF OUR AFFILIATES, LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS, ADVERTISERS OR SPONSORS, NOR OUR OR THEIR DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, CONSULTANTS, AGENTS OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVES, ARE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR OTHER DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF DATA OR LOST PROFITS), UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO OUR WEBSITES AND/OR MATERIALS CONTAINED ON OUR WEBSITES, THE SOFTWARE, ANY LINKED WEBSITE OR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE PURCHASED OR DOWNLOADED THROUGH OUR WEBSITES. YOUR SOLE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH OUR WEBSITES, MATERIALS, SOFTWARE OR ANY LINKED WEBSITE IS TO STOP USING OUR WEBSITES, MATERIALS, SOFTWARE OR LINKED WEBSITE, AS APPLICABLE. THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE MAXIMUM LIABILITY TO COMPANY FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES AND CAUSES OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, SHALL BE THE TOTAL AMOUNT PAID BY YOU, IF ANY, TO COMPANY TO ACCESS OUR WEBSITES. Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
16. Indemnification.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold Company, our affiliates, licensors, suppliers, advertisers and sponsors, and our and their directors, officers, employees, consultants, agents and other representatives, harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, costs (including reasonable attorneys' fees) and other expenses that arise directly or indirectly out of or from (a) your breach of this Agreement, including any violation of the Code of Conduct, above; (b) any allegation that any Submissions or other materials you submit to us or transmit to our websites infringe or otherwise violate the copyright, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property or other rights of any third party; and/or (c) your activities in connection with our websites.
17. Questions.
Our websites are provided by Coyne & Blanchard, Inc. If you have any questions, comments or complaints regarding this Agreement or our websites, feel free to contact us at 110 Constitution Dr., Menlo Park, CA 94025, (650) 326-6040 or webdirector@commarts.com.
18. Notice for California Users.
Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California website users are entitled to the following specific consumer rights notice: The Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs may be contacted in writing at 400 R Street, Suite 1080, Sacramento, California 95814, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210.
19. Miscellaneous.
This Agreement is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, United States of America, without regards to its principles of conflicts of law. You agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of any State or Federal court located in the County of San Mateo, California, United States of America, and waive any jurisdictional, venue or inconvenient forum objections to such courts. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this Agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. This is the entire Agreement between us relating to the subject matter herein and supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous written or oral Agreements between us with respect to such subject matter. This Agreement is not assignable, transferable or sublicenseable by you except with Company's prior written consent. No waiver by either party of any breach or default hereunder shall be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default. Any heading, caption or section title contained in this Agreement is inserted only as a matter of convenience and in no way defines or explains any section or provision hereof.
Communication Arts
©2020 Coyne & Blanchard, Inc. All Rights Reserved
Subscribe Now
Subscribe
Student
Gift
X
With a free Commarts account, you can enjoy 50% more free content
Create an Account
Get a subscription and have unlimited access
Subscribe
Already a subscriber or have a Commarts account?
Sign In
X
Get a subscription and have unlimited access
Subscribe
Already a subscriber?
Sign In