http://www.taperahmanson.com/about/privacy-policy/
Find information on the latest scheduling changes and postponements.
You are using an outdated browser.
Please upgrade your browser to improve your experience.
Your browser doesn't support some features required by this website.
Some features may be unavailable in Safari Private Browsing mode.
Skip to content
{{ timeRemainingDiff.format('m:ss') }} remaining to complete purchase.
Why?
×
Your cart has expired.
×
Center Theatre Group
About Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Updates to our privacy policy will be posted to this website. This policy may be changed at any time by Center Theatre Group.
Center Theatre Group of Los Angeles, Inc. is the not-for-profit organization that produces the Center Theatre Group Website (the "Website") for its theatre venues: the Mark Taper Forum, Ahmanson Theatre and Kirk Douglas Theatre. We are committed to safeguarding your privacy online. This Privacy Policy is applicable to this Website.
General
You can visit and enjoy our Website without disclosing any personal information about yourself. However, we offer some special services, and for these services to work properly we will need you to share with us certain personal information about yourself. If you submit any personal information to us, you can be assured that we will not sell, lease, or share your personal information to anyone else, except as follows: (1) to our third party service providers, and only so that they may help us provide the services you've requested (example: credit card purchase transaction); (2) to one or more non-profit cultural organizations, except if you make request to us that we not do so. We will never share credit card numbers or transaction information with anyone except as necessary to process a transaction.
Special Offers and Promotions
We may also send you mail to your home or business or e-mails with special offers and promotions. If you don't want to receive these, you may notify us that you do not want to receive email offers by logging in and viewing your account under the “My Account” tab or sending an email to tickets@centertheatregroup.org.
Cookies
A cookie is placed on your computer if you create a login and make a purchase. A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a Website's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies operate in the background, and you can turn them off if you wish.
Aggregated Demographic Information
We may share aggregated demographic information with third parties, but this information is not linked to any personal information that can identify you or another individual person. Therefore, no personal information is disclosed in this manner.
Disclosure for Legal Purposes
The law requires that we may be required to share your personal information pursuant to judicial or governmental subpoenas, warrants or orders. If we are required to do so, we will, of course, obey the law.
Our Security Practices
Your preferences, such as username and password are protected for your privacy and security. In certain areas, we use industry-standard SSL encryption to protect data transmissions.
How You Can Review Your Personal Information
If you want to review your personal information, you can revise your preferences. Your preferences include your shipping, payment, credit card and account information, as well as whether you want to receive communications from us. To view your preferences and make any changes including opt-ins or opt-outs log into your account via the “My Account” tab.
To request a copy of the personal information we have in our computerized ticketing system, please write a request and authorize, with your signature, our release of the information to you. Send the request to Audience Services, 601 West Temple Street, Los Angeles, CA 90012. For your protection your request and signature must be on an original document. We will send the information only to you at the address noted on your request. For your protection, we may call you to verify the authenticity of the request. We will not release your personal information to anyone other than you, except as otherwise described in this policy. We will not release any information to you or anyone if we have received the request by telephone, facsimile, photocopy or any other recorded or duplicated means.
If you want to close your account with us, you should contact our Audience Services department at 213-628-2772 or by sending an email to tickets@centertheatregroup.org.
Choosing Your Services
Our online, telephone and walk-up window ticket purchasing procedures will automatically set up your account to receive promotional materials from us by mail, telephone or email. You may, at any time, contact our Audience Services staff at 213-628-2772, by logging into your account at “My Account”, by mail at the address below, or by sending an email to tickets@centertheatregroup.org and specify one or more of the following services you do not wish to receive: mail to your home or business, sales calls, email, or any materials from sponsors or promotional literature from other non-profit cultural organizations.
As part of our policy, we do not and will not sell, share, trade, rent or lease email addresses or telephone numbers of you or anyone who has an account with us. We may, on occasion, include a special promotional offer from a third party non-profit cultural organization, but only within an official CTG email we may send you.
Links To Third Party Websites
Our Website contains links to other websites associated with Center Theatre Group, such as Amazon.com (our online store provider) and websites operated by unrelated third parties. Please note that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of third party websites. We encourage you to be aware of this when your leave our Website and to read the privacy policies of every website that collects personally identifiable information from you. The Privacy Policy applies only to this Website.
Special Rules For Children
Because of federal law, we cannot collect any personal information from a child under the age of thirteen without the consent of that child's parent. The statements in our Privacy Policy generally about our collection and use of personal information also apply to our treatment of personal information from children under the age of thirteen, with the added protection of the special rules that follow.
Parental Consent
We will not knowingly accept the registration of or purchase of tickets by anyone under the age of thirteen. If you are a child under the age of thirteen you must ask your parent for permission to complete any transaction on our website. If you are a parent of a child under the age of thirteen we expect you to approve any action your child takes with regard to and prior to registering or purchasing by your child of any ticket, activity or merchandise.
Our History
Our Timeline
Mission
Social Accountability
Press Room
Production Archive
Our Staff
Board of Directors
Employment Opportunities
Venue Rentals
Contact Us