http://www.allianceforarts.org/about_us/privacy.html
Serving the cultural community and the public · Research, advocacy and promotion
February 16, 2012
Get the News
Alliance Journal
Subscribe
Archives
Get the Facts
Introduction
Fact Sheet
Current Reports
Services to Cultural Organizations
Cultural Organizations
NYC Department of Cultural Affairs
NY State Council on the Arts
Get Involved
Learn the Issues
Express Yourself
Find Your Representatives
Donate Now
Volunteer
Guides and Calendars
About Us
From the Chairman
About the Alliance
Partners
Press
Annual Report
Staff & Trustees
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Sponsors
Alliance Photos
See more Alliance photos on flickr
Home »
About Us »
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Alliance for the Arts takes your privacy seriously. Please read the
following to learn more about our privacy policy.
What This Privacy Policy Covers
This policy covers how the Alliance for the Arts treats
personal information that the Alliance for the Arts collects and receives.
Personal information is information about you which is personally identifiable,
such as your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that which
is not otherwise publicly available.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies
or organizations that the Alliance for the Arts does not own or control,
or to people that the Alliance for the Arts does not employ or manage.
Information Collection and Use
The Alliance for the Arts collects personal information
when you register for email products from the Alliance for the Arts.
When you register we ask for information such as your
name, email address, and affiliation. Once you register with the Alliance
for the Arts and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us.
The Alliance for the Arts uses information for the
following general purposes: to improve our services, contact you, conduct
research, and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external recipients.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
The Alliance for the Arts does not rent, sell, or share
personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies
or organizations except:
when we must respond to subpoenas, court orders, or
legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend
against legal claims; and/or
we believe it is necessary to share information in
order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities,
suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical
safety of any person, violations of the Alliance for the Arts' terms of
use, or as otherwise required by law.
Your Ability to Edit and Delete Your
Account Information and Preferences
You may edit and/or delete your Alliance for the Arts
Account Information by sending an email to us at advocacynews@allianceforarts.org.
Our email communications provide you an explicit method to unsubscribe
from receiving further email communications.
We reserve the right to send you certain communications
relating to the Alliance for the Arts' service, such as service announcements,
administrative messages and the Alliance for the Arts Newsletter, which
are considered part of your Alliance for the Arts account, without offering
you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them.
Confidentiality and Security
We limit access to personal information about you to
employees of the Alliance for the Arts only.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
The Alliance for the Arts may update this policy. We
will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal
information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified
in your Alliance for the Arts account or by placing a prominent notice
on our site at www.allianceforarts.org.
Questions and Suggestions
If you have questions or suggestions, please contact
us at:
Alliance for the Arts
330 West 42nd Street
New York, NY 10036
(212) 947-6340
(212) 947-6416 (Fax)
Subscribe for E-mail Updates
Required fields are marked with an asterisk (*)
Information entered on this page will not be used to send unsolicited email, and will not be sold to a 3rd party. Read more in our Privacy Policy.
First Name *
Last Name *
Email *
ZIP Code *
Choose the Newsletter Option(s) you would like to receive.*
Advocacy Newsletter
(Periodic newsletter with information about the cultural sector)
NYCkidsARTS
(Weekly highlights of events listed on NYCkidsARTS.org)
NYC ARTS
(Weekly highlights of events listed on NYC-ARTS.org)
-->
Also Visit
©2010 Alliance for the Arts. All rights reserved.
About Us
Contact Us
Partners
Subscribe
Privacy Policy
Sponsors