https://www.piano-tuners.org/privacy-statement.html
Privacy Statement and Disclaimer
for the UK Piano Page
UK Piano Page
Type in your Town
Search
Login
Menu
Home
Piano Tuners
Piano Makers
Piano Accessories Shop
Piano Teachers
Piano Accompanists
Piano Entertainers
Piano Shops
Piano Removals
French Polishers
Piano Rehearsal Rooms
Piano Hire
Pianos For Sale
Piano Parts
Piano History
Piano Fourm
Piano Music
Piano Events
Advertise
Advanced Search
Contact Site Admin
Help with a listing
Sitemap
Main Terms And Conditions
Login
Login
Forgot Password?
Recent Listings
Also, Changing Details Previously Provided
The ABPT-Trading Ltd has created this privacy statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website, known as the "UK Piano Page."
We do not store credit card details nor do we share customer details with any 3rd parties.
An exception to this is when you buy a product or service the Credit Card process needs your details to process your card.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our
server, to administer our website, and to track Abuse. We use cookies for most of this site,
using our site services requires you to accept our Cookies if you are just browsing the site it is not necessary.
Cookies are activated if you wish to auto log into the forum and other pages that you require to edit. We use SID's to track users on the piano accessories shop. forum, accompanist, teacher, entertainer, selling and resources pages. Also, if you log in to alter your details.
Google, as a third-party vendor,
uses cookies to serve ads on our site, Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites and other piano sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie used on this site by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy The _utmz cookie is also used by Google analytics.
List of Cookies
Cookie
Name
Where on site
What is Does
__utmz
Google Analytics and Google Ad Sence .
On most pages
Tracks you around the site and servs up advertisments
PHPSESSID
UK Piano Page
On pages that you need to log in like shoping cart, Teacher Page,
When we need to know who you are so you can login and be traced
phpbb3_767pj_k
UK Piano Page Fourm
This is ony used if you visit the fourm
We need to know who you are so you can post to the fourm
from_pmd
Piano shops and piano movers
This is ony used if you visit thoses pages
We need to know who you are so you can edit your listing
Cartid and sssEss
Piano Accessories Shop
This is ony used if you visit Piano Accessories Shop
If you want to buy somthing we need to know what you are buying
This site contains links to other sites. The UK Piano Page is not
responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. The links to other sites are for information purposes only and are not an endorsement or recommendation of the products or services provided by the owners of the sites.
The UK Piano Page uses order forms for customers to request information on products and services. We collect visitors' contact
information and demographic information. Contact information from
the order form is used to send information about companies or
products on the UK Piano Page to our visitors.
The visitors' contact
information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when
necessary. Users may opt out of receiving future mailings; see the
choice/opt-out section below. Demographic and profile data is also
collected at our site. We use this data to tailor our future
visitors' experience at our site. Personal information is only held
for the use of backups of your information held on the site. If
your personal information is removed from the site then it is
removed from our backups. We do not sell or pass on personal information to third parties.
Our on-line surveys ask visitors for contact information, email
addresses, and demographic information. We use contact data from our
surveys to send the users the information they requested. The customer's
contact information is also used to contact the visitor when
necessary. Users may opt out of receiving future mailings; see the
choice/opt-out section below. We do not sell or pass on personal information to third parties.
Shoping on the UK Piano Page
Our online shop stores names and address for accounting purposes in strict accordance with data protection rules.
We do not store credit card details nor do we share customer details with any 3rd parties except for the delivery address.
Public Forums and Selling Pages
This site makes message boards and classified ad sections available to users of the site. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information, and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. In the forum, accompanist, teacher, entertainer, selling pages.
Your email details are hidden unless you choose to disclose them.
The information you add to the site will be picked up by the search engines whom we have no control over.
That information such as phone
numbers can stay with them for up to six months
All messages made available as part of this discussion forum and any opinions, advice, statements or other information contained in any messages posted or transmitted by any third party are the responsibility of the author of that message and not of ABPT-Trading Ltd The fact that a particular message is posted
on or transmitted using this "UK Piano Page" website does not mean that ABPT-Trading Ltd has endorsed that message in any way or verified the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any message. We encourage visitors to the
forum to report any objectionable message to admin. This forum is not monitored 24/7. Information on this forum is for information purposes only and not intended to constitute professional advice.
Piano Teachers, Accompanists, and Other Services
Listed
This site makes these lists available to its users. Please
remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas
becomes public information, and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. Information on these pages is for information purposes only, and not intended to constitute professional advice or an endorsement.
Search Engines
This site is visited on a daily basis by the Search Engines; information added to this site is indexed by the Search Engines.
Information removed from this site can remain in the Search Engines indexes for months we have no control over what Search Engines index.
Please remember that any information that is disclosed on the UK Pianos Page becomes public information, and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Email addresses
We take measures to protect all email addresses placed on the site from visiting robots who harvest email addresses. These range from simple fixes used on the music pages to more complex methods used on the list of tuners, teachers, etc. However, this site is open to the public, and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Opting Out
The UK Piano Page sends out six reminder/updates newsletters. If you wish to be removed from any of them, please go to the page you subscribed on and enter your email address in the box. Then tick the unsubscribe box, and hit the "let me know!" button. If you are unsure which page to go to, a URL is provided at the bottom of the last email newsletter you received from us.
Change Details
Access to Your Personal Information
You are entitled to access the personal information that we hold.
This site gives users the following options for changing and
modifying information previously provided.
Email your request to our data protection officer Barrie Heaton.
Tuners, accompanists, entertainers, teachers,
shops and movers visit:
https://www.piano-tuners.org/members/index.php
Log in
and update
your information. You
will need your password and user name. If you have lost your password enter your email address in the lost password box on the login page.
Piano Forum
visit:
https://www.piano-tuners.org/piano-forums/ucp.php
Log in
and update
your information. You
will need your Forum password and user name. If you have lost your password enter your email address in the lost password box on the login page.
Music buyers visit:
http://www.piano-tuners.org/music/maler-looking/index.php
Music sellers visit:
https://www.piano-tuners.org/music/selling-mailer/index.php
Piano Accessories Gift Shop
http://www.piano-tuners.org/piano-accessories-shop/index.php?l=account
You will need your password and Username:. If you have lost your password enter your email address in the lost password box.If you are contacting us by phone 0844 736 1976 regarding an order and get the answer phone please tell us the order number, your problem and a contact number for day and evening.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
We keep our privacy notice under regular review. This privacy notice was last updated on 25 March 2018.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the
practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you
can contact:
Contacting the website owners:
This site is owned by ABPT Trading Ltd all profits from the UK Piano Page are donated to Charity.
ABPT Trading Ltd is solely owned by the Association of Blind Piano Tuners who is a registered Charity No 294885
ABPT Trading Ltd
C/o
31 Wyre Crescent
Lynwood
Darwen
Lancashire BB3 0JG
England
Tel: 0844 736 1976
Email: Us
Charity No 294885
Featured Listings
Featured Classifieds
Weber 150cm grand piano Mahogany c2011
Weber 150cm baby grand piano in mahogany polished
Aug Neidhardt Berlin
Aug Neidhardt Berlin
H 128
W 140
D 62
Grotrian-Steinweg "Carat" traditional upright piano Black New
Grotrian-Steinweg 116cm "Carat" Traditional
Steinway model "B" 6' 11" Grand Piano Rosewood secondhand c1887
Steinway model "B" 6' 11" Grand Piano Rosewood
Bechstein "Accent" B116 Traditional Upright Piano Black New
Bechstein 116cm "Accent" traditional upright piano
Adverts
Upcoming Events
The
UK Piano Pages ©1996-2018
[ The Association of Blind Piano Tuners ]
[ Privacy Statement, Disclaimer and Contact Information
]