https://www.songstuff.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Share on Facebook Tweet (Share on Twitter) Share on Linkedin Pin it (Share on Pinterest)Songstuff is committed to the privacy of our site visitors. This privacy statement describes the information gathering and sharing techniques currently employed by Songstuff sites.This policy is effective from 24th of May, 2018.Who we areWe are Songstuff, a music resource website. Throughout this document: Songstuff Global refers to all our assets including portals on other websites, such as social media platforms. Songstuff Main refers to www.songstuff.com; Songstuff Community refers to forums.songstuff.com; Songstuff UK refers to www.songstuff.co.uk.This and other named policies relates to our Songstuff Global web properties, including, but not limited to Songstuff Main; Songstuff Community; Songstuff UK. Where specific policies apply to specific properties this will be clearly indicated.What personal data we collect and why we collect itCommentsWhen visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.MediaIf you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.What Information Do We Collect?CustomersFor customers, we collect information that is related to your order. This includes your:NameBilling AddressEmail AddressCredit Card InformationSongstuff does not store your credit card details.Mailing List MembersFor free mailing list members, we collect information that we need so that we can provide secure subscriptions. This includes your:First NameEmail AddressOptionally free members may also volunteer information concerning their interests within the admin area.Member specific registration information will not be shared with advertisers.Free MembersFor free members, we collect information that we need so that we can provide secure accounts. This includes your:Email AddressOptionally free members may also volunteer information concerning their interestsMember specific registration information will not be shared with advertisers.All Site UsersWe also collect the following information from all site users:Your IP addressbrowser typeRefer URL dataDemographic information. For example postcode, preferences and interestsOther information related to customer surveys and/or offersCookiesA cookie is a small file which requests permission to be stored on your computer’s hard drive. Once agreed to, the file is stored. A cookie can be used for many purposes including:As a part of Web Traffic AnalysisSession TrackingCustomizing ContentCookies help us to provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages interest you and which do not. A cookie does not give us access to your computer, or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Many web browsers are configured to automatically accept cookies, but you can normally modify your browser settings to decline cookies if you so wish. This may mean some site features (such as the shopping cart) may not work or will prevent you from taking full advantage of other website features.Songstuff uses tracking cookies in order to identify user sessions and session state. This includes shopping cart capability and community options. Site analytics are maintained using Google Analytics.We use this data to prevent hacking attempts, help us know what web browsers people are using, and find out where our visitors are coming from so that we can improve our marketing.Non-user specific information is also gathered to build a demographic of Songstuff site visitors for presentation to potential advertisers/sponsors. Fundamentally, to provide basic Songstuff membership for free, we have to attract advertisers/sponsors to help meet our running costs.Full details of cookies used on www.songstuff.com Can be found here:Cookie DeclarationSite Volunteers and CookiesAs a volunteer, you may have an account on www.songstuff.com and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.AnalyticsWe collect information about the use of our website using Google Analytics. That information is collected in accordance with Google’s data collection and storage practices.Contact formswe use cookies when processing our contact form. These are necessary for the operation of the contact forms. You can contact us using the contact form here:Contact UsSite ContentAffiliated sites, that share content with Songstuff, for example, one of the Songstuff portals, may have access to some information gathered by Songstuff. A list of affiliated Songstuff sites can be obtained on written request.Embedded content from other websitesArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.Data StorageWe are strongly committed to ensuring that your information is stored securely. To prevent unauthorised access or data disclosure we have suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures in place to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.Where we request an email address or name, for example for a newsletter subscription or when registering a free community account, this information is stored on secure servers provided by 3rd parties such as our web hosts, dreamhost.com and amazon.com, or a 3rd party service provider.For customers of paid services your order data, billing, shipping, and order contents data are stored on our server. This information is encrypted using a Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) before it is transmitted over a web connection. We do NOT store your Credit Card data.If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.For volunteers registered with Songstuff, we store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.Personal DataWe will not sell, distribute or otherwise lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your explicit permission to do so or Songstuff or its representatives are required to do so by law.As per the UK Data Protection Act 1998 you may request details of your personal information which we hold in storage. A small fee will be required to cover administration costs. Please contact Songstuff if you would like a copy of the information we store about you.In conformance with the EU GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), you can request Songstuff to delete any personal data we hold about you, with the exception of such data as is required for the correct function of your account, or data that concerns processed transactions.If you believe that any information we are holding concerning you is incorrect or incomplete, or if you would like Songstuff to delete personal data in compliance with the EU GDPR, please write to us or email us as soon as possible, at the address detailed in the Contact Section below or using our Contact Form.What rights you have over your dataIf you have an account on this site or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.Where we send your dataNew account registrations on Songstuff or the Songstuff Community may be checked through an automated spam detection service.A Special Note About the Children\’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA):CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13 ARE NOT ALLOWED TO REGISTER AS MEMBERS OF SONGSTUFF. In accordance with the provisions of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), we will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. Children of all ages are still welcome to enjoy the features of the publicly-accessible areas of the website. We recognize the importance of keeping children safe on the internet and encourage parents to monitor and participate in their children’s online activities.IMPORTANT: All terms governing the use of this site are subject to change without notice and are immediately enforceable. You are advised to click on the TERMS OF USE/COPYRIGHT NOTICES/PRIVACY POLICY link at the bottom of the website periodically to ensure that you are in compliance. Non-enforcement or any waiver of our rights does not constitute consent or a continuing waiver. Such non-enforcement or waiver does not preclude us from pursuing legal action, at our sole discretion, at any time.MiscellaneousSongstuff reserves the right to change our privacy policy at any time, by updating this page. Where possible members will be notified that changes have occurred.ContactYou can contact Songstuff at the following street address:Songstuff
207 Brenfield Road
Muirend
Glasgow
G44 3PE
Scotland
United KingdomIf you have any questions about this privacy statement or anything else please Contact Songstuff.