http://www.gallery7theatre.com/about-us/privacy-security-policy
Privacy Policy Overview
Gallery 7 Theatre and Performing Arts Society is committed to protecting the privacy and security of our patron, volunteer, contractor and member’s personal information in accordance with the Provincial Personal Information Act (PIPA) and the Federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Act (PIPEDA).
We recognize the right of individuals to protect their personal information and our need as Gallery 7 Theatre and Performing Arts Society to collect, use or disclose personal information in an appropriate manner. Personal information will be used for the purposes for which it was collected, or with your consent, or as required or permitted by law. Consent for the collection, retention and use of your personal information is implicit when you disclose such information with us.
What data do we collect and what do we use it for?
For box office, training course registration and donation transactions, we collect data such as patron names, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, seating preferences, performance & workshop date and time preferences, payment information, and other information necessary to processing the sale of tickets, subscriptions, registrations and donations. This information may be used to contact you about information and updates important to your ticket order, subscription, donation or registration and, unless otherwise instructed by you, to contact you about future productions, training courses, fundraising initiatives, Society news and updates, and other information that we feel may be of interest to you.
For performers, contract artists, volunteers and members, we collect data such as names, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses and other information necessary to process and approve applications and execute contracts. This information is used to contact you regarding important audition, volunteer membership and employment updates and other information. Unless otherwise instructed by you, we may use this information to contact you about future auditions, volunteer opportunities, productions, fundraising initiatives, Society news and updates, membership renewals, activities, opportunities or events, employment opportunities and other information we feel may be of interest to you.
For marketing mailing lists, we collect data such as names, addresses, phone numbers and email addresses. This information is used to contact you about upcoming productions and events, audition and volunteer opportunities, fundraising initiatives, audition & volunteer opportunities, membership opportunities, Society news and updates, and other information we feel may be of interest to you. Participation in a marketing mailing list is completely voluntary, and mail list subscribers may remove themselves from these databases at any time.
How do we collect your data?
Your information is collected by phone, through electronic means such as email, online box office and registration systems, application forms sign up forms and/or in-person. Individuals may purchase tickets using cash and/or debit payments in person and over the counter without being required to provide personal details other than seating, performance date and time preferences.
What happens to your data once we collect it?
Gallery 7 Theatre and Performing Arts Society are the sole owners of the information collected.We only have access to and/or collect information that is voluntarily given us through direct contact from you.
Payment information is discarded upon completion of a payment transaction to prevent unauthorized access, use, disclosure, modification or other risks.
We will not sell, rent, borrow or disclose this information to anyone, except where required by law.Gallery 7 Theatre may disclose personal information in some circumstances to individuals and/or corporations assigned to operate our concessions, or third-party service providers contracted to provide box office, donation & training course registration services, or to provide email database and marketing management services on our behalf.
Gallery 7 Theatre and Performing Arts Society staff, contractors and third-party service providers are subject to both this Privacy Policy and, in the case of a corporation and third-party service providers, their own privacy policies. Some third-party service providers may be located outside of Canada and are subject to privacy laws in their jurisdiction.
Where can you send questions and comments about our privacy policy?
We invite you to contact our Privacy Officer anytime regarding what personal information we have on file, how we manage your personal information, and to update your contact information, change your contact preferences and permissions, or to obtain more information regarding this privacy policy. You may contact our privacy officer via the following means:
Email: info@gallery7theatre.com.
In the subject line of your email, please type: Attn:Privacy Officer
Mailing Address: Gallery 7 theatre & Performing Arts Society P.O Box 825, Abbotsford, B.C. V2T 7A2
Phone: 604-504-5940
Website and Data Security
The security of your personal information is important to us, and we take necessary precautions to protect your information. When you submit personal information via email, phone, application form, sign-up form, in-person or our website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Are online payments secure?
Box office, donation and training course registration transactions processed via our website are done using a secure connection through third-party service providers.
Does Our Website Use Cookies or Google Analytics?
Our website uses ‘cookies’ to make your online experience while visiting our website more efficient. ‘Cookies’ can always be deleted or disabled on your computer or mobile device at any time.
Our website also uses Google Analytics to track, analyse and understand our website visitor traffic, demographics and behaviours in general, and to track ‘click-through’ transactions and conversions from Gallery 7 Theatre and Performing Arts Society-related online marketing campaigns in particular. No identifiable personal information is collected, stored or disclosed by using Google Analytics and you may opt out of this kind of data collection at any time through your Google Ad settings.
Who has access to your information and how is it stored?
Only authorized staff and volunteers have access to your private information in order to conduct the business for which the information was provided.
Your information may be stored on a Gallery 7 Theatre and Performing Arts Society firewall & password protected computer and/or in a secure filing cabinet. This information will be stored for as long as required and/or permitted by law, for as long as the information is necessary to conduct the business for which the information was provided, or for as long as you authorize us to have it.
Third-party service providers provide additional security when your information is stored online.
Updates to this Policy
Gallery 7 Theatre and Performing Arts Society reserves the right to make changes to this policy from time to time, which will be posted on this website.
If you would like to learn more about the Personal Information Protection Arts and Electronic Documents Act and how they affect you, please click the following links: Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (Federal) & Personal Information Protection Act (Provincial).