https://www.entravision.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of use Agreement
This website is owned or managed by Entravision Communications Corporation (“Entravision”) and is part of the Entravision family of companies, which includes quality entertainment brands such as broadcast and Internet radio stations and television stations, as well as digital properties.
Entravision provides this Entravision Website and related services for your personal non-commercial use only and subject to your compliance with this Terms of Use Agreement (this “Agreement”).  This Agreement applies to the website located at https://www.entravision.com/ and any other website owned or operated by Entravision that links to this Agreement (each an “Entravision Website”), as well as the services offered by Entravision, including this Entravision Website, Entravision mobile services and any other features, content, services, or applications offered from time to time by Entravision in connection with this Entravision Website (collectively, the “Services”).
Please read this Agreement carefully before using this Entravision Website.  Your use of this Entravision Website constitutes your willingness to be bound by this Agreement without limitation, qualification or change.  You are only authorized to access this Entravision Website or to use the materials and Services contained in this Entravision Website (regardless of whether your access or use is intended) if you will abide by all applicable laws and this Agreement.  If at any time you do not accept all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you must immediately discontinue use of this Entravision Website.  This Agreement sets forth Entravision’s policies with respect to its operation of the Entravision Websites.  In addition to this Agreement, we have established a Privacy Policy to explain how we collect and use information about you.  A copy of the Privacy Policy can be found at https://www.entravision.com/terms-of-use/#privacy and is incorporated by reference into this Agreement. When accessing or using the Entravision Website, you are also signifying your acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy.   Other policies govern Entravision’s non-Internet operations.
This Entravision Website is not intended for children under 16 years of age, and Entravision does not knowingly collect or use any information from children under the age of 16.  No one under the age of 16 may provide any information to or on the Website.
Certain products or services offered by this and/or other Entravision Websites and certain areas within this and/or other Entravision Websites may be governed by additional terms (“Additional Terms”) presented in conjunction with those products or services.  You must agree to these Additional Terms before using those areas or the Services.  For example, if you wish to register for this Entravision Website and make use of the Services, you must read this Agreement and indicate your willingness during the Registration process.  The Additional Terms and this Agreement shall apply equally.  In the event of an irreconcilable inconsistency between the Additional Terms and this Agreement, the Additional Terms shall control.
YOU MAY NOT USE ANY ENTRAVISION WEBSITE FOR ANY PURPOSE THAT IS UNLAWFUL OR PROHIBITED BY THIS AGREEMENT AND/OR ANY APPLICABLE ADDITIONAL TERMS.  YOUR ACCESS TO ANY ENTRAVISION WEBSITE MAY BE TERMINATED IMMEDIATELY IN ENTRAVISION’S SOLE DISCRETION, WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE, IF YOU FAIL TO COMPLY WITH ANY PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND/OR ADDITIONAL TERMS, OR FOR ANY OTHER REASON, OR NO REASON.
Changes to this Agreement
In its sole discretion, Entravision may modify, alter, or otherwise change this Agreement and/or the Additional Terms at any time.  Please review this Agreement and/or Additional Terms periodically for changes as you are bound by the version of this Agreement that exists whenever you access the Entravision Website.  Your continued use of the Entravision Website and/or Service after Entravision posts a revised Agreement constitutes your willingness to be bound by these changes without limitation, qualification or change.  If at any time you do not accept these changes, you must immediately discontinue use of this Entravision Website and/or the Service to which the changes may apply.
Privacy and Protection of Personal Information
Entravision has developed a Privacy Statement in order to inform you of its practices with respect to the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information.  You can find this Statement by clicking https://www.entravision.com/terms-of-use/#privacy.
Accounts, Security, Passwords
If a particular Entravision Website or Service requires you to open an account, you must complete the specified registration process by providing us with current, complete, and accurate information as requested by the applicable online registration form.  It is your responsibility to maintain the currency, completeness, and accuracy of your registration data and any loss caused by your failure to do so is your responsibility.  After you have fully completed the registration form, you may be asked to choose a password and a user name.  It is entirely your responsibility to maintain the confidentiality of your password and account.  You are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account.  You will notify Entravision immediately at webmaster@entravision.com if you suspect any unauthorized use of your account or access to your password.  Entravision is not liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your password or account, either with or without your knowledge.  You will not use the account, username, or password of another registered user at any time or to disclose your password to any third party.  You are solely responsible for any and all use of your account.  You may cancel your account by delivering notice in the manner provided in the Additional Terms governing the particular Service.  By using the particular Entravision Website or Services, you represent and warrant that (a) all registration information you submit is truthful and accurate; (b) you will maintain the accuracy of such information; and (c) your use of the Services does not violate any applicable law or regulation.
Entravision may terminate your account at any time, without warning for any or no reason, with or without prior notice or explanation, and without liability.  Even after your account is terminated, this Agreement will remain in effect in its entirety.
Access and Use
Materials contained in this Entravision Website (“Site Content”) are protected by international trademark and copyright laws and must only be used for personal, non-commercial purposes.  Entravision grants you a limited, revocable, non-transferable license to reproduce and display the Site Content (excluding any software code) on your computer and other electronic device solely for your personal use in connection with viewing this Entravision Website and using the Services.  This means that you may only view or download material from this Entravision Website for your own use and you must keep all copyright and other proprietary notices attached to the downloaded material.
The Services are for your personal use only and may not be used in connection with any commercial activities except those that are specifically approved by Entravision.  Illegal and/or unauthorized use of the Services, including collecting usernames and/or email addresses of users by electronic or other means for the purpose of sending unsolicited email, any unauthorized framing of this Entravision Website or any unauthorized use of music and video embedded players is prohibited.  Commercial advertisements, affiliate links, and other forms of solicitation may be removed from user profiles without notice or explanation and may result in termination of account privileges.  Entravision may take appropriate legal action for any illegal or unauthorized use of the Services.
Except for content posted by you, the reproduction, duplication, distribution (including by way of email, facsimile or other electronic means), publication, modification, copying, translation, publication, display, sale, or transmission of material from this Entravision Website is STRICTLY PROHIBITED unless you have obtained the prior written consent of Entravision or unless it is expressly permitted by this Entravision Website.  The material covered by this prohibition includes, without limitation, any text, graphics, logos, photographs, audio or video material or stills from audiovisual material available on this Entravision Website.  The use of materials from this Entravision Website on any other web site or networked computer environment is similarly prohibited.
Also, except for content you post, you are strictly prohibited from creating works or materials that derive from or are based on the materials contained in this Entravision Website including, without limitation, fonts, icons, link buttons, wallpaper, desktop themes, on-line postcards and greeting cards and unlicensed merchandise.  This prohibition applies regardless of whether the derivative materials are sold, bartered or given away.
Fees
Except where otherwise provided, access to and use of this Entravision Website and the Services offered through this Entravision Website are currently available without charge.  Entravision may charge a fee for access to or use of this Entravision Website, or any Service available on this Entravision Website at any time in the future.  Your access to or use of this Entravision Website prior to the imposition of a fee does not entitle you to the continued use of this Entravision Website without charge in the future.
Disclaimer of Warranties
YOUR USE OF, AND RELIANCE ON, ANY ADVICE OR INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM OR THROUGH THIS ENTRAVISION WEBSITE AND/OR ENTRAVISION INTERACTIVE SERVICE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.  ALL CONTENT, INCLUDING SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, TEXT AND RELATED GRAPHICS CONTAINED WITHIN OR AVAILABLE THROUGH THIS ENTRAVISION WEBSITE OR ENTRAVISION INTERACTIVE SERVICE ARE PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN “AS IS,” “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS.  ENTRAVISION MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THIS WEBSITE OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT OR MATERIALS INCLUDED ON THIS WEBSITE.  TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, ENTRAVISION DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WORKMANLIKE EFFORT, INFORMATIONAL CONTENT, TITLE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THE RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES.  ENTRAVISION DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS THAT THIS ENTRAVISION WEBSITE WILL OPERATE ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THIS WEBSITE AND/OR ITS SERVER WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES AND/OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.  ENTRAVISION DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING SUITABILITY, AVAILABILITY, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, COMPLETENESS, OR TIMELINESS OF ANY MATERIAL OF ANY KIND CONTAINED WITHIN THIS ENTRAVISION WEBSITE FOR ANY PURPOSE, INCLUDING SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, TEXT AND RELATED GRAPHICS CONTENT.
ENTRAVISION IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY FAILURES CAUSED BY SERVER ERRORS, MISDIRECTED OR REDIRECTED TRANSMISSIONS, FAILED INTERNET CONNECTIONS, INTERRUPTIONS IN THE TRANSMISSION OR RECEIPT OF TICKET ORDERS OR ENTRAVISION INTERACTIVE SERVICES, OR ANY COMPUTER VIRUS OR OTHER TECHNICAL DEFECT, WHETHER HUMAN OR TECHNICAL IN NATURE.
Submissions
You may participate in an Entravision Interactive Service by agreeing to this Agreement and the Interactive Service Additional Terms set forth below, and by completing the registration form.  Thereafter, you may post, transmit or submit messages and other materials (which include uploading videos and other files, inputting data or any other materials, “blogging,” or engaging in any form of communication in connection with this Entravision Website) (collectively “User Content”) to media libraries, bulletin boards, chat rooms, or other public areas within, or in connection with, this Entravision Website (collectively “Forums”).  You are solely responsible for such User Content.  Entravision accepts no responsibility whatsoever in connection with or arising from such User Content.  If you do not agree to this Agreement and such Interactive Service Additional Terms, you may not participate in the Entravision Interactive Service.
You agree that you will not:
Deliver any unsolicited advertisement, promotional materials, junk email, bulk email (also known as “spam”), chain letters, surveys or contests, or solicit participation in any pyramid schemes (unless it is on a page that explicitly states that such postings are allowed on that page);
Solicit personal information from anyone under age 18;
Solicit passwords or personal identifying information for commercial or unlawful purposes from other users;
Publicly post information that poses or creates a privacy or security risk to any person;
Deliver any unlawful (according to local, state, federal, or international law or regulation) postings to or through any Entravision Website, or any postings which advocate illegal activity;
Deliver, or provide links to, any postings containing material that could be considered harmful, obscene, pornographic, indecent, lewd, violent, abusive, profane, patently offensive, promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual, insulting, threatening, tortuous, harassing, hateful or otherwise objectionable;
Deliver, or provide links to, any postings containing material that harasses, victimizes, degrades, or intimidates an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, gender, age, or disability;
Deliver, or provide links to, any postings containing defamatory, false or libelous material, contains nudity or a link to an adult website;
Deliver any posting that infringes or violates any intellectual property or other right of any entity or person, including, without limitation, copyrights, patents, trademarks, laws governing trade secrets, rights to privacy, or publicity;
Deliver any posting to that you do not have a right to make available under law or contractual or fiduciary relationships;
Impersonate another person or entity or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity, or adopt a false identity if the purpose of doing so is to mislead, deceive, or defraud another;
Manipulate identifiers, including by forging headers, in order to disguise the origin of any posting that you deliver;
Use this Entravision Website or the Entravision Interactive Service in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair or otherwise interfere with the use of the Entravision Website or the computer equipment of other users, or cause damage, disruption or limit the functioning of any software, hardware, or telecommunications equipment;
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to this Entravision Website, any related website, other accounts, computer system, or networks connected to this Entravision Website, through hacking, password mining, or any other means; or
Obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available through this Entravision Website, including harvesting or otherwise collecting information about others such as email addresses.
You are solely responsible and liable for postings delivered to the Entravision Website using your account.  Any violation of these provisions can subject your Entravision account to immediate termination and, possibly, further legal action.
Entravision does not endorse, does not control and is not responsible for any notes, messages, billboard postings, blog entries or other postings, ideas, suggestions, concepts or other material, or files delivered to any Entravision Website by you or other users.  Entravision is not obligated to and does not regularly review, monitor, delete, or edit postings.  However, Entravision may do so at any time in its sole discretion, for any reason or no reason, and may delete any posting with or without notice.  Entravision is not responsible or liable for damages of any kind arising from any postings even when Entravision has been advised of the possibility of such damages, or from Entravision’s deletion of any posting.  Nonetheless, Entravision may prevent you from submitting User Content to Forums and to restrict, delete or remove such User Content for any reason at any time.  Entravision may terminate your membership or restrict, suspend, or terminate your access to any part of the Services if Entravision determines, in its sole discretion, that you have violated this Agreement or pose a threat to Entravision and/or the users of the Services.
The information and opinions expressed in postings on this Entravision Website are not necessarily those of Entravision or its affiliated or related entities, content providers, advertisers, sponsors, and Entravision makes no representations or warranties regarding that information or those opinions.  Entravision does not represent or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of any postings or determine whether the postings violate the rights of others.  You acknowledge that any reliance on material posted by other users will be at your own risk.
Unless otherwise provided, all postings to the Entravision Website automatically and immediately become the property of Entravision without any obligation of confidentiality.  Entravision shall be entitled to use the material for any type of use forever including in any media whether now known or later devised.  If any court determines that Entravision does not retain ownership of any User Content, then you hereby expressly grant to Entravision a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable right to use, reproduce, adapt, modify, publish, edit, translate, perform, transmit, sell, sublicense or otherwise distribute and display the User Content for any reason, including for promotional and advertising purposes, alone or as a part of other works in any form, medium or technology now known or later developed, and you waive all moral rights in all such postings.
By submitting any material or photographs to or through this Entravision Website, you are granting permission to have this material posted on this Entravision Website and other Entravision Websites, and are representing that you are the rightful owner of the submitted material, and that no one else may claim rights to this material.  Entravision may remove access to infringing material.  Such actions do not affect or modify any other rights Entravision may have under law or contract.
You are solely responsible for the content that you post on or through any of the Services, and any material or information that you transmit to other users and for your interactions with other users.  You will not permit any other user of this Entravision Website to access, view, store or reproduce the material for that other user’s personal use and not to restrict or inhibit the use of this Entravision Website by any other person.
You release Entravision, its parents and affiliates together with their respective employees, agents, officers, directors and shareholders, from any and all liability and obligations whatsoever in connection with or arising from your use of Forums.  If at any time you are not happy with the Forums or object to any material within Forums, your sole remedy is to cease using them.
Unsolicited Submissions
Entravision does not knowingly accept unsolicited submissions including, without limitation, submissions of scripts, story lines, articles, fan fiction, characters, drawings, information, suggestions, ideas or concepts.  Entravision’s policy is to simply delete any such submission without reading it or forwarding it to other Entravision staff.  Therefore, any similarity between an unsolicited submission and any elements in any Entravision creative work including, without limitation, a film, series, story, title or concept would be purely coincidental.
Notwithstanding the forgoing, if unsolicited submissions are sent to Entravision through this Entravision Website or through the Entravision Interactive Services, these submissions become the property of Entravision and may be used, copied, sublicensed, adapted, transmitted, distributed, publicly performed, published, displayed or deleted as Entravision sees fit.  You agree that you are not entitled to any compensation, credit or notice whatsoever and that by sending an unsolicited submission you waive the right to make any claim against Entravision, its parents or affiliates relating to unsolicited submissions, including, without limitation, unfair competition, breach of implied contract or breach of confidentiality.
Software Available Through Entravision Websites
Any software that is made available to view and/or download in connection with an Service (the “Software”) is owned or controlled by Entravision and/or licensors, affiliates and suppliers and is protected by copyright laws and international treaty provisions.  Your use of the Software is governed by the terms of the end user license agreement, if any, which accompanies or is included with the Software.  Entravision is not responsible or liable in connection with any Software owned or controlled by third parties, and makes no representation or warranty that the Software is free of defects, bugs, malicious code, adware, spyware, viruses or other harmful conditions.
With respect to the Software, you may not modify, enhance, or otherwise alter in any way any portion of the Software or its underlying technology.  This restriction includes disabling or otherwise modifying the Software in a manner that enables users to view the Entravision Website Content without using the Software.  Also, you may not embed the Software on any website or other location that contains content that is unlawful, pornographic, obscene, defamatory, libelous, threatening, harassing, vulgar, indecent, profane, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive, or encourages criminal conduct, gives rise to civil liability, violates any law, rule or regulation, infringes any right of any third party including intellectual property rights or rights of privacy, or is otherwise inappropriate or offensive.
Third-Party Merchants
This Entravision Website may enable you to order and receive products, information and services from businesses that are not owned or operated by Entravision.  The purchase, payment, warranty, guarantee, delivery, maintenance, and all other matters concerning the merchandise, services or information, opinion or advice ordered or received from such businesses are solely between you and such businesses.  Entravision does not endorse, warrant, or guarantee such products, information, or services, and is not liable for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such information or the quality of availability of such products or services.  Entravision is not a party to or in any way responsible for monitoring any transaction between you and third-party providers of such products, services, or information, or for ensuring the confidentiality of your credit card information.  Any separate charges or obligations you incur in your dealings with these third parties are your responsibility and are not part of the fee, if any, charged for the Service.
Modification/Termination by Entravision
Entravision may, in its sole discretion, modify, suspend, or terminate this Entravision Website and/or any portion thereof, including any Service, and/or your account, password, or use of any Service, or any portion thereof, at any time for any reason with or without notice to you.
Termination of your account for an Service removes your authorization to use the Service.  In the event of termination, you will still be bound by your obligations under this Agreement and any Additional Terms, including the warranties made by you, and by the disclaimers and limitations of liability.  Additionally, Entravision shall not be liable to you or any third-party for any termination of your access to an Service.
Employment Opportunities
Entravision may, from time to time, post Entravision employment opportunities on the Entravision Website and/or invite users to submit resumés to the Entravision Website.  If you choose to submit your name, contact information, resume and/or other personal information to Entravision in response to employment listings, you are authorizing Entravision to utilize this information for all lawful and legitimate hiring and employment purposes.  Entravision also may, in its sole discretion, forward the information you submit to its parents, subsidiaries and affiliates for legitimate business purposes.  Nothing in these Terms of Use or contained in the Entravision Website shall constitute a promise by Entravision to interview, hire or employ any individual who submits information to it, nor shall anything in these Terms of Use or contained in the Entravision Website constitute a promise that Entravision will review any or all of the information submitted to it by users, or that the job posted will still exist at the time your resume is received or reviewed.
Interactive Services
This Entravision Website may offer certain Services having interactive components such as bulletin boards, chat rooms and forums (collectively the “Entravision Interactive Services”).
Subscription Services
This Entravision Website may offer certain Entravision Subscription Services such as newsletters (collectively “Entravision Subscription Services”).  By registering for an Entravision Subscription Service, you will be subject to any charges and rules set forth in the description of that Entravision Subscription Service.
Premium Services
Some Services accessible through this Entravision Website, including certain Entravision Interactive and Subscription Services (the “Entravision Premium Service”), may be offered to you conditioned on your payment of a fee.  By using the Entravision Premium Service, you will be subject to any charges and rules set forth in the Additional Terms for that Premium Service.  A copy of the Premium Service Additional Terms can be found here
Contests/Sweepstakes
The specific rules and terms that apply to all contests or sweepstakes conducted by this Entravision Website, can be found at the link for the contest or sweepstakes.  Your participation in the contest or sweepstakes is subject to those rules and terms.
Limitations on Liability
In no event shall Entravision, its subsidiaries, affiliates, distributors, suppliers, licensors, directors, officers, employees, agents or others involved in creating, sponsoring, promoting, or otherwise making available the Entravision Website and its contents, be liable to any person or entity whatsoever for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, compensatory, consequential, or punitive damages or any damages whatsoever, including but not limited to:  (i) loss of goodwill, profits, business interruption, data or other intangible losses; (ii) your inability to use, unauthorized use of, performance or non-performance of the Entravision Website; (iii) unauthorized access to or tampering with your personal information or transmissions; (iv) the provision or failure to provide any service; (v) errors or inaccuracies contained on the Entravision Website or any information, software, products, services, and related graphics obtained through the Entravision Website; (vi) any transactions entered into through this Entravision Website; (vii) any property damage including damage to your computer or computer system caused by viruses or other harmful components, during or on account of access to or use of this Entravision Website or any site to which it provides hyperlinks; or (viii) damages otherwise arising out of the use of the Entravision Website and Services.  The limitations of liability shall apply regardless of the form of action, whether based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or otherwise, even if Entravision has been advised of the possibility of damages.
Indemnification
You will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Entravision, its subsidiaries, agents, distributors and affiliates, and their officers, directors and employees from and against any and all claims, actions, demands, liabilities, costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from your breach of any provision of this Agreement, the Additional Terms, or any warranty you provide herein, or otherwise arising in any way out of your use of this Entravision Website and any related Service and/or software and/or arising from a breach of this Agreement and/or any breach of your representations and warranties set forth above and/or if any content that you post on this Entravision Website or through the Services causes Entravision to be liable to another.  Entravision may take exclusive control and defense of any such claim otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will cooperate fully with Entravision in asserting any available defenses.
International Use/U.S.  Export Controls
Accessing materials on this Entravision Website by certain persons in certain countries may not be lawful, and Entravision makes no representation that materials on this Entravision Website are appropriate or available for use in locations outside the United States.  If you choose to access this Entravision Website from outside the United States, you do so at your own risk and initiative, and are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws.
The United States controls the export of any software downloadable from this Entravision Website.  No software or any other materials associated with this Entravision Website may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported to countries or persons prohibited under export control laws, including but not limited to countries against which the United States has embargoed goods, or to anyone on the U.S.  Treasury Department list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons or the U.S.  Commerce Department’s Table of Deny Orders.  You are responsible for compliance with the laws of your local jurisdiction regarding the import, export, or re-export of any such materials.  By using and/or downloading any such materials from an Entravision Website, you represent and warrant that you are no located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country to which such import, export, or re-export is prohibited or are not a person or entity to which such export is prohibited.
Personalization
Although you may use many features of this Entravision Website without completing a registration or sign-up form, visitors who do register and/or sign up for special services may have access to additional features of the site and are more likely to receive information suited to their interests.  For example, a registered user is eligible for additional services provided by this website such as listener clubs and personalized content.  Our registration and special services sign-up forms may ask you for contact information (like name or email address) and demographic information (like zip code or age), or any other information defined as personal data or personally identifiable information under an applicable law (“Personal Data”) You must provide that information in order to receive the benefits of registration or of the special service.
We may use the contact information you give us to better tailor your website experience to your interests, and to send you information about Entravision and its services as well as promotional material on behalf of some of our partners.  We use other information that you provide to us to show you content in which you may be interested and to display the content according to your preferences.  We will also share this information within the Entravision family in order to enhance your experience on this and other Entravision Websites.
In addition, Entravision collects other non-Personal Data including, aggregate user data and browser type.  This data may be used to manage and improved the Services, track usage and for security and monitoring purposes.  We may share this information with advertisers or other third parties that are not part of the Entravision family on an aggregate or other basis that does not disclose your identity or contact information.
Online Surveys/Contests and Sweepstakes
From time to time, we may conduct online surveys and contests and sweepstakes.  These activities may ask you for contact information (like name or email address) and demographic information (like zip code or age).  We may use this contact information from our surveys and contests and sweepstakes to provide you with information about the Entravision family and promotional material on behalf of some of our partners, and to contact you when necessary.
Supplemental Information
To enhance Entravision’s ability to tailor this Entravision Website to your preferences, we may combine information that you provide us on registration and other online sign-up forms with other information about you that we may obtain.  We do not share that information with any other party.
Shopping/Commercial Services
This Entravision Website may offer shopping services, which may be offered by us or by a firm that operates a store under contract with us.  If This Entravision Website offers shopping or other commercial services, you will use a customer order form to request information, products, and services.  The order form will ask you to give us contact information (like name or email address), financial information (like account or credit card numbers), and demographic information (like zip code or age).
We will use the financial information that you provide to charge you for products and services that you request.  By giving us your credit card and related personal information, you are authorizing our store to give that information to the merchant and credit card company in order to confirm and fulfill your order.
We will use contact information from the order form to fulfill your orders.  We may also use contact data to get in touch with you when necessary.  We will not otherwise use or distribute your financial information without your prior approval.
Legal Process
You should be aware that Entravision might be required to disclose your personal information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, such as in court or regulatory proceedings.
Leased Content
No third-party licensor shall have any liability for the accuracy or completeness of its materials that appear on this Entravision Website, or any component thereof or for delays, lack of authenticity, omissions, or other defects therein nor for any claims or losses arising therefrom or occasioned thereby, including, without limitation, any lost profits, indirect, special, or consequential damages.  Third-party licensors have exclusive proprietary rights to the information received via its materials that appear on this Entravision Website.  You shall not use or permit anyone to use the information provided by such third-party licensor through this Entravision Website for any unlawful or unauthorized purpose.  You are not authorized or permitted to furnish such information to any person or firm for reuse or retransmission without prior written approval of the third-party licensor of such information.  Provision of the information on this Entravision Website is subject to termination if any agreement between a third-party licensor and a provider of information distributed through the Entravision Website is terminated.  The third-party licensor and its subsidiaries, affiliates, information providers and content partners shall have no liability for any decisions based on the information provided hereby.
General Information
This Agreement and the Additional Terms shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California, as it is applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within such state, without regard to conflict of law principles.  You agree that any cause of action you or Entravision brings to enforce this Agreement and/or the Additional Terms, or in connection with any matters related to this Entravision Website and/or the Privacy Policy, shall be brought only in either the state or Federal courts located in Los Angeles, California.  You will submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts of the State of California for any cause of action arising out of this Agreement.  You must file any cause of action with respect to this Agreement within one year after the cause of action arises.  You agree that a cause of action filed after this date is barred.
If any provision of this Agreement, or the application thereof to any person or circumstances, is held invalid or unenforceable, for any reason, including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations, then such provision shall be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that matches, as closely as possible, the original provision, and the other provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.  The failure of either party to insist upon strict performance of any provision of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right.  Unless expressly provided otherwise, this Agreement is the entire agreement between you and Entravision with respect to the use of this Entravision Website and shall not be modified except in writing, signed by an authorized representative of Entravision.
If you have any questions concerning this Agreement, you may send them by email to legal@entravision.com
You must send any official correspondence via postal mail to:
General Counsel
c/o Legal Department
Entravision Communications Corporation
2425 Olympic Boulevard
Suite 6000 West
Santa Monica, CA 90404
Other Foreign Nations
This Entravision Website is governed by and operated in accordance with the laws of the United States of America and is intended for enjoyment of residents of the United States.  Entravision makes no representation that this Entravision Website is governed by or operated in accordance with the laws of other nations.  By using this Entravision Website and submitting any Personal Data, visitors from outside of the United States acknowledge that this Entravision Website is subject to U.S.  law, consent to the transfer of their data and information to the United States, and waive any claims that may arise under the law of their own nation.
COPYRIGHT & TRADEMARK NOTICE
Use of Intellectual Property
The Entravision Website, and all of its contents, including but not limited to articles, other text, photographs, images, illustrations, graphics, video material, audio material, including musical compositions and sound recordings, software, Entravision logos, titles, characters, names, graphics and button icons (collectively the “Intellectual Property”), are protected by copyright, trademark and other laws of the United States, as well as international conventions and the laws of other countries.  The Entravision Intellectual Property is owned or controlled by Entravision or by third parties that have provided material to the Entravision Website.
You may not, and agree that you will not, reproduce, download, license, publish, enter into a database, display, modify, create derivative works from, transmit, post, distribute or perform publicly by any means, method, or process now known or later developed, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, use on another computer-related environment, transfer or sell any Intellectual Property, information, software or products obtained from or through this Entravision Website, in whole or in part, without the express written permission of Entravision.
Other trademarks, service marks, product names and company names or logos appearing on this Entravision Website that are not owned by Entravision may not be used without express permission from their owners.
Additionally, unless otherwise expressly permitted, websites may not hyperlink to any page beyond the homepage of this Entravision Website, or frame any page of this Entravision Website, or any web page or material herein, nor may any entity include a hyperlink to any aspect of the Entravision Website in an email for commercial purposes, without the express written permission of Entravision.
You may inquire about obtaining permission by writing:
General Counsel
c/o Legal Department
Entravision Communications Corporation
2425 Olympic Boulevard
Suite 6000 West
Santa Monica, CA 90404
In addition, you may send them by email to legal@entravision.com
Copyright Infringement
Entravision respects the intellectual property rights of third parties, and complies with the terms of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) regarding such rights.
If you believe that your intellectual property has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, send written notification thereof, in accordance with the provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, to our Designated Agent, who can be reached as follows:
General Counsel
c/o Legal Department
Entravision Communications Corporation
2425 Olympic Boulevard
Suite 6000 West
Santa Monica, CA 90404
In addition, you may send written notification by email to legal@entravision.com
Pursuant to 17 U.S.C. §512(c), to be effective, the Notification must include the following:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit Entravision to locate the material.
Information reasonably sufficient to permit Entravision to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an email address.
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
This process only relates to reporting a claim of copyright infringement.  Messages related to other matters will not receive a response through this process.
PREMIUM SERVICE ADDITIONAL TERMS
You may register for an Entravision Premium Service by reading and agreeing to this Agreement and these Premium Service Additional Terms, and by completing the registration form.  If you do not will abide by this Agreement and these Premium Service Additional Terms, you may not register for the Entravision Premium Service.
Member Account and Password
You are responsible for any membership name and password that is associated with your account during registration.  If this Entravision Premium Service does not recognize your device from a previous sign-in, you will be asked for information that will help us to identify your registration.  You are responsible to maintain the confidentiality of your password, if one is established.  You are responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account, and must notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your account.
Member Disputes
You are solely responsible for your interactions with other Site Members.  Entravision may, but has no obligation, to resolve or arbitrate disputes between you and other Members.
Charges for Premium Service
Entravision will provide notice of any charges, or extra charges that result from the Entravision Premium Service, before you register for or enter a premium area.  You are responsible for any charges for premium content incurred by your account.  We are not liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your password or account, whether with or without your knowledge.
If you pay for an Entravision Premium Service by credit card, you authorize us to charge your credit card account by registering for the Entravision Premium Service and providing us with your credit card information.  You warrant to us that the credit card information that you provide us is correct and is your account.
Limited to Personal and Non-Commercial Use
This Entravision Premium Service is for your personal and non-commercial use only.  You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information, software, products obtained from this Entravision Premium Service without our prior written consent.  You may inquire about obtaining written permission from us to display or reproduce material from this Entravision Website by writing:
General Counsel
c/o Legal Department
Entravision Communications Corporation
2425 Olympic Boulevard
Suite 6000 West
Santa Monica, CA 90404
In addition, you may send them by email to legal@entravision.com
Cancellation
You may cancel your registration to this Entravision Premium Service at any time by contacting us using the contact information provided on this Entravision Premium Service.  If you have paid a fee to register for an Entravision Premium Service, within ninety (90) days of your cancellation, we will return the unused portion of your registration fee on a 52-week pro-rated basis.
We may terminate your access to this Entravision Premium Service or any portion thereof at any time, without notice.  Within ninety (90) days following such termination, we will return the unused portion of your registration fee on a 52-week pro-rated basis.
Modification of these Terms of Use
Entravision may from time to time change the terms and conditions governing this Entravision Premium Service.  It is important that you regularly review these terms and conditions to stay informed with regard to any changes in the terms and conditions governing your use of this Entravision Premium Service.  Your use of this Entravision Premium Service constitutes your agreement to all such terms and conditions as exist when you visit.
Submissions
Unless otherwise stated, any unsolicited submissions to this Entravision Premium Service are governed by the provisions of the Terms of Service Agreement.
Service Contact
You may email your requests for customer service through the contact information provided on the home page of this Entravision Premium Service.