http://www.mynetworktv.com/legal/terms-of-use
Ownership
Welcome to the MyNetworkTV, Inc. website at http://www.mynetworktv.com which
is owned by MyNetworkTV, Inc. ("MNTV"). This Site is operated by MNTV and
materials on the Site are primarily owned or licensed by MNTV. The Site may
also include materials owned by third parties and posted on the Site by virtue
of a license, grant or some other form of agreement between the third party
and MNTV.
MNTV has created this Site for your personal enjoyment, entertainment and
education. These Terms and Conditions of Use constitute a legal agreement
("Agreement") between you and MNTV. Use of the Site is also governed by the
MNTV Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into this Agreement by this
reference. By using the Site, you agree to be bound by this Agreement, whether
you are a "Visitor" (which means that you simply browse the Site) or you are a
"Member" (which means that you have registered with a Local Fox or MNTV
Television Station Website URL). The term "User" refers to a Visitor or a
Member. You are only authorized to access this Site or to use the materials
and services contained in the Site (regardless of whether your access or use
is intended) if you agree to abide by all applicable laws and to this
Agreement. Please read this Agreement carefully and save it. If you do not
agree with it, you should leave this Site immediately. Any questions or
comments regarding, or problems with, this Site should be sent to the Site
Administrator at mntvhelp@fox.com. MNTV reserves the right to modify or amend
this Agreement without notice at any time, and such modification will be
effective upon posting by MNTV on the Site. You agree to be bound by any
changes to this Agreement when you use the Site after any such modification is
posted. It is therefore important that you read this page regularly to ensure
you are updated as to any changes. If you become aware of misuse of this Site
by any person, please contact the Site Administrator at mntvhelp@fox.com with
your concerns.
Access and Use
All materials contained in this Site are protected by international trademark
and copyright laws and must only be used for personal, non-commercial
purposes. This means that you may only view or download material from this
Site for your own use and you must keep all copyright and other proprietary
notices attached to the downloaded material. The reproduction, duplication,
distribution (including by way of email, facsimile or other electronic means),
publication, modification, copying or transmission of material from this Site
is STRICTLY PROHIBITED unless you have obtained the prior written consent of
MNTV or unless it is expressly permitted by this Site. The material covered by
this prohibition includes, without limitation, any text, graphics, logos,
photographs, audio or video material or stills from audiovisual material
available on this Site. The use of materials from this Site on any other web
site or networked computer environment is similarly prohibited. Requests for
permission to reproduce or distribute materials found on this Site can be made
by contacting MNTV in writing at MyNetworkTV, Inc., Business & Legal Affairs,
P.O. Box 900, Beverly Hills, California 90213, or email at mntvhelp@fox.com.
You are also strictly prohibited from creating works or materials that derive
from or are based on the materials contained in this Site including, without
limitation, fonts, icons, link buttons, wallpaper, desktop themes, on-line
postcards and greeting cards and unlicensed merchandise. This prohibition
applies regardless of whether the derivative materials are sold, bartered or
given away.
Content Posted on the Site
You are welcome to post, transmit or submit messages and other materials
(which include uploading files, inputting data or any other materials,
"blogging," or engaging in any form of communication in connection with this
Site) (collectively "Content") to bulletin boards, chat rooms or other public
areas within, or in connection with, this Site (collectively "Forums"). You
are solely responsible for such Content. MNTV accepts no responsibility
whatsoever in connection with or arising from such Content.
MNTV does not endorse and has no control over the Content submitted by others
to Forums. Content submitted to Forums is not necessarily reviewed by MNTV
prior to posting and does not necessarily reflect the opinions or policies of
MNTV. MNTV makes no warranties, express or implied, as to such Content or its
accuracy and reliability. Nonetheless, MNTV reserves the right to prevent you
from submitting Content to Forums and to edit, restrict or remove such Content
for any reason at any time. MNTV may remove any form of cursing contained in
the Content with a MNTV swear filter application if and to the extent you do
not otherwise opt out of such filter.
MNTV assumes no responsibility for actively monitoring Forums for
inappropriate Content. If, at any time MNTV chooses, in its sole discretion,
to monitor the Forums, MNTV nonetheless assumes no responsibility for the
Content, no obligation to modify or remove any inappropriate Content, and no
responsibility for the conduct of the user submitting any Content. In
submitting Content to Forums, you agree to strictly limit yourself to
discussions about the subject matter for which the Forums are intended. You
agree that MNTV accepts no liability whatsoever if it determines to prevent
your Content from being submitted or if it edits, restricts or removes your
Content. You also agree to permit any other user of this Site to access, view,
store or reproduce the material for that other user's personal use and not to
restrict or inhibit the use of the Site by any other person.
You agree to release MNTV, its parents and affiliates together with their
respective employees, agents, officers, directors and shareholders, from any
and all liability and obligations whatsoever in connection with or arising
from your use of Forums. If at any time you are not happy with the Forums or
object to any material within Forums, your sole remedy is to cease using them.
Please refer to the Rules of Discussion for additional explanation regarding
the posting of Content to Forums.
Proprietary Rights in Content Posted on the Site
General. You agree that any Content whatsoever posted by you to the public
areas of the Site (excluding blogs) becomes the property of MNTV and may be
used, copied, sublicensed, adapted, transmitted, translated, distributed,
publicly performed, displayed or deleted as MNTV sees fit. You represent and
warrant that: (i) you own the Content posted by you on the Site, (ii) your
Content does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyright
rights, intellectual property rights, or any other rights of any person, and
(iii) the posting of your Content on the Site does not result in a breach of
any contract between you and a third party. You agree to pay for all royalties,
fees and any other monies owing any person by reason of any Content you post
on the site.
Blogs. By posting any Content to the blog areas of the Site, you hereby grant
to MNTV the non-exclusive, fully paid and royalty-free, worldwide license to
use, copy, sublicense, adapt, transmit, translate, distribute, publicly
perform, publicly display, modify, and translate such Content. This license
will terminate at the time you remove such Content from the Site.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a back-up or residual copy of the content
posted by you to the blog areas of the Site may remain on the MNTV servers
after you have removed such Content from the Site, and MNTV retains the rights
to those copies. You represent and warrant that: (i) you own the Content
posted by you to the blog areas of the Site or otherwise have the right to
grant the license set forth in this section, (ii) your Content does not
violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyright rights, intellectual
property rights, or any other rights of any person, and (iii) the posting of
your Content to the blog areas of the Site does not result in a breach of any
contract between you and a third party. You agree to pay for all royalties,
fees and any other monies owing any person by reason of any Content you post
to the blog areas of the Site.
Prohibited Content and/or Activity
You must use the Site in a manner consistent with any and all applicable laws
and regulations. The following is a partial list of the kind of Content that
is illegal or prohibited on the Site. MNTV reserves the right to investigate
and take appropriate legal action in its sole discretion against anyone who
violates this provision, including without limitation, removing the offending
Content from the Site and terminating the membership of such violators.
Prohibited Content includes Content that:
is obscene, patently offensive, or promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual;
harasses or advocates harassment of another person;
contains nudity, violence, or offensive subject matter;
involves the transmission of "junk mail" or "chain letters" or unsolicited mass mailing;
promotes information that you know is false or misleading or promotes illegal activities or conduct that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory or libelous;
exploits people in a sexual or violent manner;
solicits personal information from anyone under 18;
provides any telephone numbers, street addresses, last names, URLs or email addresses, including in your Member profile;
violates the copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights of any other person;
furthers or promotes any criminal activity or enterprise or provides instructional information about illegal activities such as making or buying illegal weapons, violating someone's privacy, or providing or creating computer viruses;
solicits passwords or personal identifying information for commercial or unlawful purposes from other Users; or
involves commercial activities and/or sales without our prior written consent such as contests, sweepstakes, solicitation of donations, barter, advertising, or pyramid schemes.
The following is a partial list of the kind of activity that is illegal or
prohibited on the Site. MNTV reserves the right to investigate and take
appropriate legal action in its sole discretion against anyone who violates
this provision, including without limitation, reporting you to law enforcement
authorities. Prohibited activity includes, but is not limited to:
advertising to, or solicitation of, any Member to buy or sell any products or services through the Site. You may not transmit any chain letters or junk email to other Members. Although MNTV cannot monitor the conduct of its Members off the Site, it is also a violation of these rules to use any information obtained from the Site in order to harass, abuse, or harm another person, or in order to contact, advertise to, solicit, or sell to any Member without their prior explicit consent. In order to protect our Members from such advertising or solicitation, MNTV reserves the right to restrict the number of emails which a Member may send to other Members in any 24-hour period to a number which AmericanIdol.com deems appropriate in its sole discretion;
any automated use of the system;
attempting to impersonate another User or person;
using the account, username, or password of another Member at any time or disclosing your password to any third party or permitting any third party to access your account;
selling or otherwise transferring your profile;
covering or obscuring the banner advertisements on Forums, or any MNTV page via HTML/CSS or any other means; or
interfering with, disrupting, or creating an undue burden on the site or the networks or services connected to the Site.
Fantasy Games
All MNTV fantasy games and their components are offered for informational
and/or entertainment purposes only and may not be used in connection with any
form of gambling or wagering.
MNTV and any third parties used to provide the fantasy games will use
reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information, such as
statistics, rankings, etc., however, neither warrant or make any
representations of any kind with respect to the information provided to you.
Neither MNTV or any of its providers shall be responsible or liable for the
accuracy, usefulness or availability of any information transmitted or made
available, and shall not be responsible or liable for any error or omissions
in that information.
By signing up for any MNTV fantasy game, you agree to MNTV's use of your
personal information as described in the MNTV Privacy Policy and on the
fantasy game registration page.
All fantasy games and any related benefits are offered at the discretion of
MNTV, and MNTV has the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or
permanently, any fantasy game, whether in whole or in part for any reason,
with or without notice to you. You agree that MNTV will not be liable to you
or to any third party for any modifications or discontinuance.
If you witness any user activity in any MNTV fantasy game that violates this
Agreement or the specific game rules then in effect, please notify us of such
activity. MNTV does not guarantee that any action will be taken as a result of
your notification, but it appreciates your assistance.
Unsolicited Submissions
MNTV does not knowingly accept unsolicited submissions including, without
limitation, submissions of scripts, story lines, articles, fan fiction,
characters, drawings, information, suggestions, ideas or concepts. MNTV's
policy is to simply delete any such submission without reading it or
forwarding it to other MNTV staff. Therefore, any similarity between an
unsolicited submission and any elements in any MNTV creative work including,
without limitation, a film, series, story, title or concept would be purely
coincidental.
If unsolicited submissions are sent to MNTV via this Site, however, these
submissions become the property of MNTV and may be used, copied, sublicensed,
adapted, transmitted, distributed, publicly performed, published, displayed or
deleted as MNTV sees fit. You agree that you are not entitled to any
compensation, credit or notice whatsoever and that by sending an unsolicited
submission you waive the right to make any claim against MNTV, its parents or
affiliates relating to unsolicited submissions, including, without limitation,
unfair competition, breach of implied contract or breach of confidentiality.
Employment Opportunities
MNTV may, from time to time, post MNTV employment opportunities on the Site
and/or invite users to submit resumes to it. If you choose to submit your name,
contact information, resume and/or other personal information to MNTV in
response to employment listings, you are authorizing MNTV to utilize this
information for all lawful and legitimate hiring and employment purposes. MNTV
also reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to forward the information
you submit to its parents, subsidiaries and affiliates for legitimate business
purposes. Nothing in this Agreement or contained in the Site shall constitute
a promise by MNTV to interview, hire or employ any individual who submits
information to it, nor shall anything in this Agreement or contained in the
Site constitute a promise that MNTV will review any or all of the information
submitted to it by users.
Linked Sites and Advertising
If you are interested in creating hypertext links to this Site, you must
contact MyNetworkTV, Inc., Business & Legal Affairs at P.O. Box 900, Beverly
Hills, California 90213, or email at DMCA@FOX.com before doing so. In
establishing hypertext links, you must not represent in any way, expressly or
by implication, that you have received the endorsement, sponsorship or support
of this Site or MNTV, including its respective employees, agents, directors,
officers and shareholders.
If MNTV has provided links or pointers to other web sites, no inference or
assumption should be made and no representation should be implied that MNTV is
connected with, operates or controls these web sites. MNTV is not responsible
for the content or practices of third party web sites that may be linked to
this Site and makes no representation or warranty regarding such web sites or
their content. This Site may also be linked to other web sites operated by
companies affiliated or connected with MNTV. When visiting other web sites,
however, you should refer to each such web site's individual "Terms of Use"
and not rely on this Agreement.
MNTV takes no responsibility for third party advertisements which are posted
on this Site, nor does it take any responsibility for the goods or services
provided by its advertisers.
Disclaimer of Liability and Warranties
While MNTV does its best to ensure the optimal performance of the Site, you
agree that you use this Site and rely on material contained in this Site at
your own risk.
The Site, and all materials in this Site, are provided "as is" and, to the
fullest extent permitted by law, are provided without warranties of any kind
either express or implied. This means, without limitation, that MNTV DOES NOT
WARRANT that the Site is fit for any particular purpose; that the functions
contained in the materials in the Site will be uninterrupted; that defects
will be corrected; that the Site is free of viruses and other harmful
components or that the Site is accurate, error free or reliable.
You acknowledge that MNTV, its parents and affiliates together with their
respective employees, agents, directors, officers and shareholders, ARE NOT
LIABLE for any delays, inaccuracies, failures, errors, omissions,
interruptions, deletions, defects, viruses, communication line failures or for
the theft, destruction, damage or unauthorized access to your computer system
or network.
You acknowledge that MNTV is not liable for any defamatory, offensive or
illegal conduct or material found in connection with this Site, including such
conduct or material transmitted by any means by any other person. You
acknowledge that MNTV is not liable for any damages, including, without
limitation, direct, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, in
connection with or arising from your use or from your inability to use the Site.
Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless MNTV, its parents and
affiliates together with their respective employees, agents, directors,
officers and shareholders, from and against all the liabilities, claims,
damages and expenses (including reasonable attorney's fees and costs) arising
out of your use of this Site; your failure to use the Site; your breach or
alleged breach of this Agreement or your breach or alleged breach of the
copyright, trademark, proprietary or other rights of third parties.
Termination
MNTV reserves the right to immediately terminate your use of, or access to,
this Site at any time if MNTV decides at its sole discretion that you have
breached this Agreement or any relevant law, rule or regulation or you have
engaged in conduct that MNTV considers to be inappropriate or unacceptable.
Copyright Infringement
MNTV respects the intellectual property of others and requires that our users
do the same. MNTV will respond expeditiously to claims of copyright
infringement and reserves the right to remove or disable access to any
transmission of Content that infringes the copyright of any person under the
laws of the United States upon receipt of a notice that substantially complies
with the requirements of 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)(3) as set forth below. MNTV also
has a policy that provides for the termination in appropriate circumstances of
subscribers and account holders of Company Services who are repeat infringers.
If you believe that any material residing on or linked to from the Site
infringes your copyright, you must send MNTV's a written notification of
claimed infringement that contains the following information to the Copyright
Agent designated below:
(a) identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works;
(b) identification of the claimed infringing material and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material on the Company Services (such as the URL(s) of the claimed infringing material);
(c) information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and an email address;
(d) a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
(e) a statement by you that the above information in your notification is accurate and a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that you are the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed or are authorized to act on the owner's behalf; and
(f) your physical or electronic signature.
MNTV's Copyright Agent for notification of claimed infringement can be as follows:
Fox Corporation
Copyright Agent
Address: 2121 Avenue of the Stars, Suite 700
Los Angeles, CA 90067
Email: FoxDMCA@fox.com
This contact information is exclusively for the purpose of notifying MNTV of
claimed infringement. Please be advised that requests sent to the Copyright
Agent for purposes other than communication about copyright claims may not be
reviewed or responded to.
If you posted material to Company Services that Company removed due to a
notice of claimed infringement from a copyright owner, Company will take
reasonable steps promptly to notify you that the material has been removed or
disabled. This notice may be by means of a general notice on the Site or
Company Service or by written or electronic communication to such address(es)
you have provided to Company, if any. You may provide counter-notification in
response to such notice in a written communication directed to the Copyright
Agent as described above, that includes the following:
(i) identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;
(ii) a statement by you, under penalty of perjury, that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled;
(iii) your name, address, telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the judicial district in which your address is located, or if your address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which Company may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification requesting the removal or disabling of access to the material or such person's agent; and
(iv) your physical or electronic signature.
Please note that, under 17 U.S.C. §512(f), any person who knowingly makes
material misrepresentations in a notification of claimed infringement or any
counter-notification may be liable for damages.
Other
This Agreement operates to the fullest extent permissible by law. If any
provision of this Agreement is unlawful, void or unenforceable, that provision
is deemed severable from this Agreement and does not affect the validity and
enforceability of any remaining provisions.
This Agreement is governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of
the State of California without giving effect to any principles of conflicts
of law. You agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the
State of California or, if appropriate, the United States District Court for
the Central District of California for resolution of any dispute, action or
proceeding arising in connection with this Agreement or your use or non-use of
the Site, and you further irrevocably waive any right you may have to trial by
jury in any such dispute, action or proceeding. Copyrights © / Trademarks ™
© 2019 Trademark and Copyright Notice: ® and © MyNetworkTV, Inc. and its
related entities or used under license. All rights reserved. Use of this Site
assumes acceptance of the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. All materials
contained in MNTV's web sites are protected by copyright and trademark and
shall not be used for any purpose whatsoever other than private,
non-commercial viewing purposes. Reproduction, duplication, distribution,
derivative works, and other unauthorized copying or use of stills, audio,
video footage, or any other materials contained in MNTV's web sites are
expressly prohibited. If you have any questions please send an e-mail to
DMCA@FOX.com.