https://www.aada.edu/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
The American Academy of Dramatic Arts is committed to protecting your privacy and we treat any information you share with discretion, care and respect.
What types of personal and non-personal information do we gather online?
We gather personally identifiable information when completing and filling out the application and requests for information through our promotions and password protected areas of this Site. We collect only personal information that you provide to us such as: name, address, phone number, email address, and responses to specific questions. We may also record the types of product/resource information you have requested on the Site. Our site is meant for those 13 or older. Please consent with a parent if you are less than 13 years of age before registering for an account with us or sharing any personal information.
How do we use the personal and non-personal information that we gather?
We use personally identifiable information to respond to requests, to provide special offers, and to notify of new resources or actions on our site. Like most Websites, we may also add to the above personally identifiable information a variety of technical data, including (but not limited to) your IP address (a unique number that identifies your access account on the Internet), domain, and Web browser information. We may track the page you visited before coming to our Site, the page you link to when you leave, which of our pages you access, and how long you spend on each page.
What about cookies and gifs?
We receive and store certain types of information automatically through the use of "cookies" and 1-pixel gifs. Cookies are files that your Web browser places on your computer's hard drive. 1-pixel gifs are tags that reside on certain pages of our Website. We use cookies and gifs to track your experience with this website, to tell us if you have visited this site previously. You may set your browser to reject cookies, but this may limit some functionality of the Site. We do not use cookies or gifs to retrieve personal information about you from your computer.
Do we disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties?
From time to time, we may provide your personally identifiable information with third parties that we use for our own business purposes, such as to process your order or request for information, or to provide special services for us. If you do not want us to disclose this information to these companies, please write to us at: The American Academy of Dramatic Arts, Attention: Marketing Department, 1336 N. La Brea Avenue, Los Angeles, CA 90028. Please be sure to include your first name, last name, address, city, state, zip code, and phone number to ensure we can process your request. Please be aware that you may receive another contact before your name removal takes effect. We regret any inconvenience this may cause.
Notwithstanding anything else in this policy, we may: (a) disclose personal and aggregate information when required by a valid legal mechanism such as a search warrant, subpoena, or court order, or when we deem it necessary to protect the safety of Site users, our employees or property; and (b) disclose personal information in the context of the sale of some or all of our assets.
How are "Contact Us" emails treated?
We use "Contact Us" forms to allow you to contact us directly with any questions or comments you may have. We read every message sent in and try to reply promptly to each one. This information is used to respond directly to your questions or comments. We may also file your comments to improve the website.
Can I opt out of receiving communications from AADA.edu?
Yes. If you do not wish to receive email communications please call 800-463-8990 and ask to opt out of communications from The Academy. We regret any inconvenience this may cause. If you prefer, you may send us a letter at the following address. Please include your first name, last name, address, city, state, zip code, and phone number to ensure we can process your request: The American Academy of Dramatic Arts, Attention: Marketing Department, 1336 N. La Brea Avenue, Los Angeles, CA 90028
Can I delete my Academy Account?
Yes. If you wish to delete your Academy Account please call 800-463-8990 x317. You may also make this request using our online contact form.
Site Links
This Site may contain links to other Websites. The American Academy of Dramatic Arts is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Websites.
Will this policy change?
From time to time this privacy policy may be revised, please check this privacy policy for the most recent update.
How do I contact the Website?
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, you may contact us using our online contact form, or write us at: The American Academy of Dramatic Arts, Attention: Marketing Department, 1336 N. La Brea Avenue, Los Angeles, CA 90028
×