http://www.cbs58.com/privacy-policy
Send a tip
News Links
Privacy Policy
We take your electronic privacy seriously. Questions regarding this statement or our practices should be directed to the cbs58.com Privacy Coordinator by email at info@cbs58.com. You may also send inquiries by mail to:
CBS58 / WDJT
809 S. 60th St.
Milwaukee, WI 53214
We reserve the right to change our policy from time to time as we deem appropriate in our sole discretion.
KINDS OF INFORMATION
There are two kinds of information web sites can obtain about you:
Aggregate Information: Aggregate Information is anonymous data that web sites use to diagnose problems on the sites' servers, administer the sites, and to help improve the quality of the Web pages. It may be your domain name (i.e. "XYZ.com") or your IP address.
Personally Identifiable Information: Personally Identifiable Information is any information that personally identifies you. It can be your first and last name, your email address, your home address, or your telephone number. Sometimes this personal information is needed when you order products online or subscribe to an email newsletter. Other times, web sites collect this information to help target advertising and marketing.
We collect Aggregate Information - such as your IP address (a number that's automatically assigned to your computer whenever you're surfing the Internet), browser type (e.g., Netscape or Internet Explorer), and domain (e.g., "XYZ.com"). We do this in the background so it does not interrupt your cruising speed. We use this information to help diagnose problems with our servers, to administer our site, and to gather broad demographic information. We share Aggregate Information with third parties for advertising and promotional purposes. None of this information is connected with Personally Identifiable Information. So, when you enter our site, you are anonymous and will remain that way unless you choose otherwise.
SURVEYS AND REGISTRATION FORMS
Sometimes CBS58.com posts surveys and registration forms in which we ask for Personally Identifiable Information. Here are some ways we might use that information:
- To send you information about CBS58 and this Web site
- To give to our content partners, who may send you promotional material
- To give to our advertisers, who may send you information about their products and services
The choice is yours - you do not have to answer surveys or register for newsletters or service. If you choose to answer the survey or complete the registration, we will tell you on the survey or registration form how we will use the Personally Identifiable Information. If we are asking for optional information, we will mark it with an asterisk (*) so you know you can skip it if you want. And on that same page we will give you a way to "opt out" of being contacted by CBS58.com and any third parties.
CONTESTS AND SWEEPSTAKES
From time to time we run contests and sweepstakes in which we ask for Personally Identifiable Information such as your name, email address or telephone number. That's so we can let you know if you win. Sometimes we request additional Personally Identifiable Information such as your age, gender, and income level. And once in a while - though not often - we require this additional information in exchange for allowing you to enter the contest. Here are some of the ways we might use the information that we collect:
- To notify you if you are a winner
- To send you information about CBS58 and our site
- To give to content partners, who may send you promotional email
- To give to advertisers, who may send you emails about their products and services
We may share Aggregate Information with our partners and advertisers. We will not share your Personally Identifiable Information with third parties unless we tell you otherwise when asking for it. We will give you a way to "opt out" of being contacted by CBS58.com and any third parties.
If you win one of our contests or sweepstakes, we will not publish your name, hometown, or other Personally Identifiable Information on the Site unless you give us your permission.
OPT OUT
If we ask you for Personally Identifiable Information, we will tell you if we intend to share it with others. We will provide you with a way to tell us that you don't want us to share the information or if you don't want to receive promotional and/or marketing information about products, services, and offerings from CBS58.com and/or any third parties. Let us know and we will use your name and address only to tell you if you win a contest.
SUBPOENAS AND LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES
We reserve the right to cooperate with government and law enforcement agencies engaged in investigations of activities that are, or are believed to be, illegal. Further, we may share your Personally Identifiable Information with such agencies if we believe that a crime or any act that endangers the health and safety of others may have been or may be committed. We may also share your Personally Identifiable Information in response to an appropriate subpoena.
COMMUNITY AND PUBLIC AREAS
Information posted to message boards or chat areas is available to the general public. Please use caution when posting any such information. Users under the age of 18 should be particularly careful not to provide any personally identifying information while using chat rooms or message boards. We reserve the right to, but are not obligated to, refuse or delete any content that in our sole discretion is considered inappropriate. Please see our Terms of Service for additional information.
FEEDBACK AND EMAIL
On every page at CBS58.com there is a link to a Contact Us email form so you can comment, complaint, make suggestions, and ask questions. Your email address is required on this form so we can answer your questions, and we want your name, too, so we can address our answer in a mannerly way. We may also track your browser type and referring URL to better diagnose technical issues you may be having. We do not share this information with third parties and we will use it only to answer your correspondence.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
When you visit our site, you may be directed to other sites outside our service. For example, if you click on a banner advertisement, you will leave our site. This includes links to sites operated by advertisers, sponsors and partners that may use our logo as part of an agreement with us. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information. These other sites are not subject to our privacy policy and we are not responsible for the privacy policies for these other sites, nor for the use of any information that these sites may collect.
DELETING OR MODIFYING YOUR INFORMATION
If you've given us personally identifiable information in the past and then have second thoughts or want to update it, here are your choices:
Email to: info@CBS58.com
Regular mail to:
CBS58 / WDJT
809 S. 60th St.
Milwaukee, WI 53214
Although it is not always possible to remove or modify information in the databases, we will make reasonable efforts to do so. If you've given us information for one of those third parties we mentioned above and we've already passed it on, we cannot delete or change the information.
SECURITY OF PRIVATE INFORMATION
Any personal information you give us is kept in secure files. Access is limited to the few employees who have a need to know. We would like to tell you that your information is as safe with us as it is in your head, but, as hackers have proved worldwide, no computer security system is entirely foolproof. The most any Web site can do is make reasonable efforts, which is what we do at CBS58.com, to protect your information from theft, misuse and alteration.
Top Stories
Officer-involved shooting under investigation in Wauwatosa village
FPC vote for new Milwaukee police chief ends in 3-3 tie, again
Kids in Milwaukee County's minority groups disproportionately affected by COVID-19 hospitalizations
Milwaukee, WI
Sponsored By:
Today
45°
Cloudy, periods of rain
Tomorrow
39°
Windy, rain mixed with snow
10 Day Forecast
CBS 58 Ready Weather Forecast
Radar
Maps
Cameras
Latest
Biden told civil rights leaders in private meeting that progressives' hopes for executive actions are 'way beyond the bounds' of his presidential auth
1h ago
A surfer was attacked and killed by a shark in Hawaii, forcing the suspension of a surfing competition
1h ago
Officer-involved shooting under investigation in Wauwatosa village
2h ago
Joe Biden and Kamala Harris named Time Person of the Year
2h ago
FPC vote for new Milwaukee police chief ends in 3-3 tie, again
2h ago
Sign up for the CBS 58Newsletter
Trending
Crime Woman arrested in St. Louis, accused of providing gun that killed Marcus Caldwell in Racine
8h ago
Local News 115th Fighter Wing announces death of F-16 pilot after crash in Michigan's Upper Peninsula
6h ago
Local News Town of East Troy asks residents to stop calling police over howling coyotes
18h ago
On CBS 58
CBS 58 to air 121st Army vs. Navy game on December 12
Natalie's Everyday Heroes: Ossie Kendrix, CEO of the African American Chamber of Commerce of WI
Racine & Me: Community Calendar
Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
Cancel Delete
Close
Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
Cancel Delete