http://www.trishayearwood.com/privacy-policy/
HER STORY
MUSIC
EVENTS
ALL EVENTS
TRISHA’S KITCHEN
SHOP
Privacy Policy
Welcome to trishayearwood.com, the Official Website of Trisha Yearwood!
This website is operated by g.com, LLC on behalf of Trisha Yearwood, Inc. (“we,” “us” or “our”).  This Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) explains how we collect, use and protect information that we learn about you as a result of your interaction with us through the websites provided by the domain Trishayearwood.com (collectively, the “Sites”) and the services provided through the Sites (the “Services”).  By accessing any part of the Sites or using the Services, you agree to this Policy.  If you do not agree with any part of this Policy, please do not use the Sites or the Services.
We comply with United States privacy laws and regulations.  We do not represent that the Sites are governed by or operated in accordance with the laws of other nations, or that the Sites or any portion of the Sites are appropriate or available for use in any particular location.  If you choose to access the Sites, you do so at your own risk, and you are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules, and regulations.  Visitors to the Sites from outside the United States acknowledge and agree by using the Sites that the Sites are subject to United States laws and regulations, and waive any claims against us that may arise under their own national laws.
This Policy applies solely to our online information gathering and disclosure practices in connection with the Sites, and does not apply to any of our practices conducted offline. This policy does not apply to and we are not responsible for information you post in a public fashion, e.g. a bulletin board or chat room, or any other Site area where information you share is visible to others.  Further, this Policy is only applicable to the Sites and not to any other website, including purchase and payment processing websites, that you may be able to access from any of the Sites which may have its own data collection and use practices and policies. This Policy is effective as of the indicated “Last Updated on” date.  We reserve the right to modify this Policy at any time, and such revisions will become effective upon posting of the revisions to the Sites.  For this reason, please visit this page on a regular basis and check the “Last Updated on” date to ensure that you are familiar with the most recent version of this Policy.  Your continued use of any of the Sites or Services after the effective date of the revisions signifies your acceptance of any such changes or revisions.  You can address your questions or concerns regarding this Policy to info@trishayearwood.com.
This Policy answers the following questions:
What is our policy on children’s privacy?
What information do we collect about you and how do we use it?
Will we share your personally identifiable information with third parties?
What choices do you have about the collection and use of your information?
What security measures do we take to safeguard your information?
If you are a resident of California, what are your California Privacy Rights?
How can you contact us?
What is our policy on children’s privacy?
The Sites are not for children under 13 years of age.  However, there are some areas of the Sites that may be attractive to children under 13.  We do not condition participation by a child of any age in any activity or any of the Services that are available on or through the Sites on the disclosure of more personally identifiable information than is reasonably necessary to participate in an activity.  We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from users of the Sites who are under 13 years of age.  No personally identifiable information should be submitted to or posted at the Sites by visitors under 13 years of age without the prior written consent of their parent or guardian.  If we receive an e-mail message from a child who discloses, or is otherwise known to us, to be under 13 years of age, we may, without the consent of the child’s parent or guardian:
Respond to a one-time request from the child;
Provide notice of the child’s communication to the child’s parent or guardian;
Use this information as may be necessary to ensure the safety of the child on the Sites; or
Send our electronic periodical publications and materials, with notification to the child’s parent or guardian and the opportunity to discontinue any future delivery of the above information.
Any parent or guardian of a child under 13 years of age who has provided personally identifiable information to us may request a description of the personally identifiable information that has been collected from or about that child, and either limit or restrict any further maintenance or use of such information from that child and/or direct us to delete it.  Also, a parent may decline to allow any future collection of personally identifiable information from that child.  Such requests can be made by contacting us at info@trishayearwood.com. We will take reasonable measures to verify that the requesting party is, in fact, the parent or guardian of the child in question before providing a child’s personally identifiable information to such person.
We will not knowingly use or disclose any personally identifiable information of a child under 13 years of age for any purpose except as described above.
What information do we collect about you and how do we use it?
Types of information we collect and how we collect it.  By accessing or using the Sites, you may provide us with two types of information: (1) personally identifiable information that you voluntarily choose to disclose to us, such as your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address; and (2) non-personally identifiable information, which we collect through the use of the technology called “cookies,” “web beacons” and/or “web logs.”  You do not need to submit personally identifiable information to access certain areas of the Sites, but if you do not want to disclose certain personally identifiable information to us, you will not be able to access certain aspects of the Services. We collect personally identifiable information when you subscribe to our mailing list, participate in contests, sweepstakes, or other promotions, contact us, or receive customer or technical support. When you make a purchase of digital music, Amazon.com, Inc. or Apple, Inc., whichever is applicable, collects personally identifiable information in order to facilitate the transaction. Amazon.com, Inc. handles your personally identifiable information in accordance with the privacy policy displayed at https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=468496. Apple, Inc. handles your personally identifiable information in accordance with the privacy policy displayed at https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/. The personally identifiable information you provide in connection with any other purchase on trishayearwood.com is collected by Shopify, Inc. in order to facilitate the transaction and may be transferred, processed, and stored outside the United States. Shopify, Inc. handles your personally identifiable information in accordance with the privacy policy displayed at https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy.
How we use your personally identifiable information.The personally identifiable information that you provide to us will allow us to communicate with you and, among other things, alert you of new products, services, features or enhancements, notify you of changes in the Services, handle/route your customer service questions or issues, send messages to you in response to your request to perform an activity in connection with your use of any of the Services, and/or inform you of contests, promotions, or special events and offers.  We keep track of your interactions with us, including, but not limited to, your activity within the Services.  We may use information relating to your interactions with us to generate information about the popularity of certain Services and how users of the Sites utilize different aspects of the Services (“Popularity Data”).  We may use this Popularity Data to design, develop and implement additional services and features of the Sites and to improve the Services.  Popularity Data may be associated with your account. Amazon.com, Inc. and Shopify, Inc. collect your personally identifiable information in order to facilitate purchases you make via trishayearwood.com. Amazon.com, Inc. handles your personally identifiable information in accordance with the privacy policy displayed at https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=468496. Shopify, Inc. handles your personally identifiable information in accordance with the privacy policy displayed at https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy.
How we use your non-personally identifiable information.  We use “cookies” to collect information, on an aggregate basis, about how the Sites are used.  This information may include the date and time of visits to the Sites and time spent on the Sites.  The use of “cookies” allows us to personalize your use of the Sites and to provide greater convenience each time that you visit.  Additionally, cookies may be used in connection with the advertisements managed by third parties, which may appear on the Sites.  Advertisers use cookies to collect non-personal information when you click on or move your cursor over one of their banner advertisements. You may not realize this information is being collected.  Advertisers use this information to monitor the performance of their advertisements.  In some cases, we may have access to information from cookies used by these advertisers on the Sites and this information may permit us to identify other sites that you have visited that are also associated with such advertisers. You may choose to disable cookies on your computer, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored on your computer (please consult instructions for your web browser).  However, if you disable or block cookies, it is possible that some parts of the Services will not be accessible to you. Our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit the Sites.  This information includes your Internet Protocol address, your geographic location, your browser type and version, which Sites and/or Services you use and when and how long you use them.  We use this information to monitor and analyze how users use the Sites and Services, to provide customer service, and to maintain and improve the Services.
Will we share your personally identifiable information with third parties?
Sharing of information. We may disclose certain elements of your personally identifiable information (e.g., your name and e-mail address) with Trisha Yearwood and members of her management team, her employees, agents, contractors and sub-contractors, and her companies and subsidiaries, and their respective employees, agents, contractors and sub-contractors, for the limited purpose of enabling them to communicate directly with you about upcoming musical performances, personal appearances, contests, sweepstakes, promotions, announcements, and other special events. We may use your personally identifiable information to provide analyses of our users in the aggregate to prospective partners, advertisers and other third parties.  We may also disclose and otherwise use, on an anonymous basis, affiliation, position, interests and other non-personally identifiable information about customers. In addition, we will share the personally identifiable information we collect from you under the following circumstances:
Protection of rights.  We will share personally identifiable information if we have a good faith belief that: (i) access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, such as a court order or subpoena, or a request by law enforcement or governmental authorities; (ii) such action is appropriate to enforce this Policy or to conduct any investigation of potential violations thereof; (iii) such action is necessary to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues associated with the Services; or (iv) such action is appropriate to protect our rights, property or safety or the rights, property or safety of our employees, users of the Services or others.
Asset transfers.  If we become involved in a merger, acquisition or other transaction involving the sale of some or all of our assets, user information, including personally identifiable information collected from you through your use of the Services, could be included in the transferred assets.  Should such an event occur, we will use reasonable means to notify you, either through e-mail and/or a prominent notice in the Privacy Policy section of the Sites.
Service Providers.  We may share your personally identifiable information with service providers that we engage for the purpose of processing information on our and your behalf.  For example, we may have partnered with other companies to sell products through the Services, fulfill product orders, process payments, and administer our e-mail announcements.  Additionally, we may partner with other companies to process consumer surveys; fulfill prizes; or to process, analyze and/or store data.  While providing services for us, these companies may access your personally identifiable information.  To the extent applicable, we require these entities to comply with this Policy and appropriate confidentiality and security measures. We also require that your payment information remain encrypted in accordance with United States law. When you make a purchase of digital music, Amazon.com, Inc. or Apple, Inc., whichever is applicable, collects personally identifiable information in order to facilitate the transaction. Amazon.com, Inc. handles your personally identifiable information in accordance with the privacy policy displayed at https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=468496. Apple, Inc. handles your personally identifiable information in accordance with the policy displayed at https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/. The personally identifiable information you provide in connection with any other purchase on trishayearwood.com is collected by Shopify, Inc. in order to facilitate the transaction. Shopify, Inc. handles your personally identifiable information in accordance with the privacy policy displayed at https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy.
On-line Sweepstakes and Contests. We may share personally identifiable information collected in connection with on-line contests, sweepstakes or other promotions with the third-party sponsors and/or administrators of such promotions, or otherwise as set forth in the Official Rules applicable to the promotion.  You should carefully review the Official Rules of each promotion in which you choose to participate through the Sites, as they may contain additional important information about a third party’s use of your personally identifiable information.  To the extent any Official Rules conflict with this Policy, the Official Rules will govern that particular promotion.
Additional information you should know about third parties. This Policy does not cover the information practices of third-party websites linked to any of the Sites.  Although we encourage such third parties to adopt and follow their own privacy policies, we do not control, and are not responsible for, their collection and use of your personally identifiable information.  You should refer to the privacy policies and statements of other websites to obtain information regarding their information collection, use, and disclosure policies.  When you click on an advertisement or a third-party logo displayed or another hyperlink on the Sites that links you to a different website, this Policy no longer applies and you must read the privacy policy of the advertiser or the third party to see how your personally identifiable information will be handled on their website. In addition, the personally identifiable information that you provide in connection with making a purchase via trishayearwood.com is collected directly by third parties who process payments on behalf of TRISHA YEARWOOD, INC. When you make a purchase of digital music, Amazon.com, Inc. or Apple, Inc., whichever is applicable, collects personally identifiable information in order to facilitate the transaction. Amazon.com, Inc. handles your personally identifiable information in accordance with the privacy policy displayed at https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=468496. Apple, Inc. handles your personally identifiable information in accordance with the privacy policy displayed at https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/. The personally identifiable information you provide in connection with any other purchase on trishayearwood.com is collected by Shopify, Inc. in order to facilitate the transaction. Shopify, Inc. handles your personally identifiable information in accordance with the privacy policy displayed at https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy.
What choices do you have about the collection and use of your information?
Control of your information. We only have access to the personally identifiable information you provide to us. You may provide us personally identifiable information in the process of creating an account or joining a mailing list. The personally identifiable information you provide in order to make a purchase via trishayearwood.com is provided to third parties as described in this agreement. With respect to information you provide to us to create an account, you may access, update or delete your personally identifiable information by logging into your account and following the instructions to opt out of Services and/or delete your information. With respect to personally identifiable information that you provide to us in the process of joining a mailing list, you may delete your personally identifiable information by selecting the “Unsubscribe from this list” included in each mailing list email.  Please note that when you delete your account, we may retain your account information for a reasonable period of time afterward for the purpose of internal account management and fraud prevention activities.  Please also understand that, once deleted, your information may not be available on the Sites but may remain stored indefinitely in our databases. For information on personally identifiable information that you provide when you make a purchase of digital music, see the Amazon.com, Inc. privacy policy displayed at https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=468496 or the Apple, Inc. privacy policy at https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/. For information on the personally identifiable information you provide in connection with any other purchase on trishayearwood.com see the Shopify, Inc. privacy policy displayed at https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy.
Opting out of receiving communications from us. If you no longer want to receive our announcements by e-mail, you may unsubscribe from receiving them at any time by choosing the “Unsubscribe from this list” link at the bottom of our e-mails and following the instructions provided.  Please note that you cannot unsubscribe from certain correspondence from us, including messages relating to your account transactions. Unsubscribing to the mailing list will not delete any account you may have created on trishayearwood.com. To delete your account, you will need to log into your account. If you choose to join one of our mobile marketing lists, please be aware that there are usually costs associated with receiving SMS or MMS messages, depending on your wireless carrier and plan.  You should check with your wireless carrier to determine what charges apply before signing up to receive our updates via your mobile phone.  If you wish to stop receiving messages from us on your mobile phone, simply reply to the message with “STOP.”
Mediation.  If any dispute or claim arises out of or relating to this Policy, you will attempt in good faith to negotiate a written resolution of the matter directly with us.  You agree that if the matter remains unresolved for forty-five (45) days after we have received notification (via certified mail or personal delivery to Trisha Yearwood Customer Service c/o O’Neil Hagaman, LLC, 3310 West End Ave., Suite 400, Nashville, TN 37203) that a dispute exists, the parties shall join in mediation services in Davidson County, Tennessee, with a mutually agreed mediator in an attempt to resolve the dispute.  Should you file any arbitration claims, or any administrative or legal actions without first having attempted to resolve the matter by mediation, then you agree that you will not be entitled to recover attorney’s fees or costs, even if you would otherwise be entitled to them.
What security measures do we take to safeguard your information?
The personally identifiable information that you provide to us is stored on servers, which are located in secured facilities with restricted access, and protected by protocols and procedures designed to ensure the security of such information.  In addition, we restrict access to personally identifiable information to our employees, independent contractors and agents who need to know this information in order to develop, operate, and maintain the Sites and Services.  However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure, and, for this reason, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to us.  You can help protect your personally identifiable information by using a combination of letters and numbers in your password, changing your password often, using a secure web browser, and signing off and closing your web browser when you are finished with the use of the Sites.
How can you contact us?
If you have any questions about our privacy practices or about this Policy, please contact us at:
Trisha Yearwood Customer Service c/o O’Neil Hagaman, LLC, 3310 West End Ave., Suite 400, Nashville, TN 37203
E-mail: info@trishayearwood.com.
©2016 Trisha Yearwood, Inc.  All Rights Reserved. Trisha Yearwood®, the “TY” logo, Gwendolyn Records®, and Trisha Yearwood Home Collection®, are registered trademarks of Trisha Yearwood Enterprises, LLC.Last Updated on September 13, 2016