http://www.queensongs.info/privacy-policy
Hledat
Home
Instrumental Guides
Album Data
Song Analysis
Studio Info Page
Forum
About this site
Links
Guestbook
Submit instrumental guides
On this day
1975: Queen live on A Night At the Opera Tour at City Hall, Newcastle, UK.
1977: Queen live on News Of The World Tour at Summit, Houston, USA.
Read all 6 events for 11 December at diary.QueenSongs.info
:: Privacy policy
Privacy policy
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.
We also use third party advertisements on www.QueenSongs.info to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).
We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. This could include the ability to login to some of our features.
You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in dedicated programs. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
www.QueenSongs.info | Privacy Policy | Sitemap | Guestbook | © LG 2007 - 2015 | GetInTouch@QueenSongs.info