https://www.tell-mama.com/privacy/
Privacy
Privacy Policy:TM Media Inc ("TM Media Inc") operates https://www.tell-mama.com and may operate other websites. It is TM Media Inc's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, TM Media Inc collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. TM Media Inc's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how TM Media Inc's visitors use its website. From time to time, TM Media Inc may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
TM Media Inc also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on https://www.tell-mama.com blogs/sites. TM Media Inc only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to TM Media Inc's websites choose to interact with TM Media Inc in ways that require TM Media Inc to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that TM Media Inc gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at https://www.tell-mama.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with TM Media Inc are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, TM Media Inc collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with TM Media Inc. TM Media Inc does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
TM Media Inc may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. TM Media Inc may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, TM Media Inc does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
TM Media Inc discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on TM Media Inc's behalf or to provide services available at TM Media Inc's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using TM Media Inc's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. TM Media Inc will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, TM Media Inc discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when TM Media Inc believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of TM Media Inc, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an TM Media Inc website and have supplied your email address, TM Media Inc may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with TM Media Inc and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. TM Media Inc takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. TM Media Inc uses cookies to help TM Media Inc identify and track visitors, their usage of TM Media Inc website, and their website access preferences. TM Media Inc visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using TM Media Inc's websites, with the drawback that certain features of TM Media Inc's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If TM Media Inc, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that TM Media Inc goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of TM Media Inc may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by TM Media Inc and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, TM Media Inc may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in TM Media Inc's sole discretion. TM Media Inc encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a https://www.tell-mama.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Recent Posts
Four Reasons Why You Need a Real Estate Agent
Tips When Buying Window Blinds Online
Guide When Selecting the Right Translation Service
Benefits of Weighted Blankets
General Dog Care Essentials
Need a circular saw – here is what to look for
Reasons You Need A Tree Service
Ways to watch your favorite tv series and shows
Basic Tips To Finding The Right Excavation Contractor
What type of personal trainer do you need?
What to consider when comparing credit card companies
Visit These Philippine Destinations For A Fabulous Vacation
How To Select The Best Baby Photographer
Understanding the ESTA travel authorisation
What Are The Top Benefits Of SEO?
The True Worthiness Of Kitchen Appliances
Features Of Employment Application Forms
Choosing The Right Type Of A Pool Cleaner
What Top Notch SEO Companies Offers Your Business
Questions To Ask Your Data Security Firm
How To Communicate With Your Pet
How To Choose A Good Car Mechanic
Pages
About Us
Contact Us
How to Choose a Cryptocurrency to Invest In
Privacy
Terms
Tips to Stop Hair Loss
Wedding
TagsApplication
Baby
Baby Photographer
Baby Photo Shoot
Baby Portrait
Blackout Window Blinds
Building
car
card
car mechanic
communicating with pets
companies
Construction
credit
Cyber Security
Data Security
Destinations
E-commerce
Employment
Encrypted Data
ESTA applicatiom
ESTA approval
Excavate
Excavation Contractor
Fabulous
Features
fitness services
Forms
Home
Home Improvement
Internet Marketing
Online Business
Online Data
Online Marketing
personal fitness
personal trainer
pets
search engine optimization
SEO
SEO for business
Social Media
travel authorization
Vacation
Window Blinds
Windows
Follow Us On Social Media
Find Us On Social Media
Categories
Arts and Entertainment
Automobiles
Data Security
Excavation
Fitness
Home
Home Improvements
Internet Marketing
Jobs
Landscaping
Loans
Pets
Photography
Pool
SEO
Shopping and Product Review
Translation
Travel
Uncategorized