https://www.thoughtco.com/ancient-egyptian-terms-for-children-121152
Share
Flipboard
Email
Print
History & Culture
Ancient History and Culture
Egypt
Figures & Events
Ancient Languages
Greece
Asia
Rome
Mythology & Religion
American History
African American History
African History
Asian History
European History
Genealogy
Inventions
Latin American History
Medieval & Renaissance History
Military History
The 20th Century
Women's History
View More
By
N.S. Gill
Ancient History and Latin Expert
M.A., Linguistics, University of Minnesota
B.A., Latin, University of Minnesota
N.S. Gill is a Latinist, writer, and teacher of ancient history and Latin. She has been featured by NPR and National Geographic for her ancient history expertise.
our editorial process
N.S. Gill
Updated January 22, 2020
When children are studying ancient Egypt, they should become familiar with most of these terms, some — like Cleopatra and King Tut — because they are such colorful figures and part of common culture. The others should be learned and quickly because they are essentials needed for reading and discussing further. In addition to these terms, discuss the Nile's floods, irrigation, the limitations imposed by the desert, the results of the Aswan Dam, the role of Napoleon's army in Egyptology, the Mummy's curse, Ancient Egyptian myths, and more that may occur to you.
Cleopatra
Culture Club / Getty Images
Cleopatra was the last pharaoh of Egypt before the Romans took over. The family of Cleopatra was Macedonian Greek and had ruled Egypt from the time of Alexander the Great, who died in 323 B.C. Cleopatra is thought of as the mistress of two of Rome's great leaders.
Hieroglyphs
powerofforever / Getty Images
There is more to Egyptian writing than just hieroglyphs, but the hieroglyphs are a form of picture writing and, as such, are beautiful to look at. The term hieroglyph refers to the fact that it is carving for sacred things, but hieroglyphs were also written on papyrus.
Mummy
DEA PICTURE LIBRARY / Getty Images
Various entertaining B-movies introduce young viewers to mummies and mummy curses. Mummies didn't walk around, though, but they are to be found inside the carved and brilliantly painted burial case known as a sarcophagus. Mummies are also found elsewhere in especially arid parts of the world.
Nile
De Agostini Picture Library / Getty Images
The River Nile is responsible for the greatness of Egypt. If it hadn't flooded each year, Egypt wouldn't have been Egypt. Since the Nile is in the Southern Hemisphere, its flow is opposite that of northern rivers.
Papyrus
CM Dixon / Print Collector / Getty Images
Papyrus is the word from which we get paper. The Egyptians used it as a writing surface.
Pharaoh
Instants / Getty Images
"Pharaoh" designates the king of ancient Egypt. The word pharaoh originally meant "great house," but came to mean the person who resided in it, i.e., the king.
Pyramids
Ratnakorn Piyasirisorost / Getty Images
A geometrical term that refers to the aboveground part of the burial complexes especially for Egyptian pharaohs. Classic examples are the great pyramids of Giza, and the idea of the Mastabas.
Rosetta Stone
George Rinhart / Corbis via Getty Images
The Rosetta Stone is a black stone slab with three languages on it (Greek, demotic and hieroglyphs, each saying the same thing) that Napoleon's men found. It provided the key to translating the previously mysterious Egyptian hieroglyphs.
Sarcophagus
MOHAMED EL-SHAHED / AFP via Getty Images
Sarcophagus is a Greek word meaning flesh-eating and refers to the mummy case.
Scarab
Simanovskiy / Getty Images
Scarabs are amulets formed to look like the dung beetle, an animal associated, by the ancient Egyptians, with life, rebirth, and the sun god Re. The dung beetle gets its name from laying eggs in dung rolled into a ball.
Sphinx
MOHAMED EL-SHAHED / AFP via Getty Images
A sphinx is an Egyptian desert statue of a hybrid creature. It has a leonine body and the head of another creature — typically, human.
Tutankhamen (King Tut)
tepic / Getty Images
The tomb of King Tut, who is also referred to as the boy king, was found in 1922 by Howard Carter. Little was known of Tutankhamen beyond his death as a teen, but the discovery of Tutankhamen's tomb, with his mummified body inside, was of tremendous importance for the archaeology of Ancient Egypt.
Ancient Egypt Picture Gallery
The Rosetta Stone: An Introduction
Old Kingdom: Ancient Egypt's Old Kingdom Period
What Are Hieroglyphs?
About Persian and Egyptian Types of Columns
Bent Pyramid of Dahshur
What You Should Know About the Rosetta Stone
Biography of Imhotep, Ancient Egyptian Architect, Philosopher, God
Osiris: Lord of the Underworld in Egyptian Mythology
The Discovery of King Tut's Tomb
Pharaoh Hatshepsut's Temple of Deir el-Bahri in Egypt
Pictures of the Periods of History in Ancient Egypt
Ancient Egyptian Cuisine and Food Habits
What Is the Great Sphinx?
Powerful Female Pharaohs of Egypt
Dynastic Egypt Timeline - 2,700 Years of Change in Egyptian Society