https://www.ronniescotts.co.uk/webterms/
What's On
Show Times
Membership
About
Food & Drink
Upstairs @ Ronnie's
Artists
Shop
Private Hire
Gallery / Press
Contact
CRF
OPEN
COVID
Reopening
#RETURNSESSIONS
Jazz Club Ronnie Scott's
My basket
Ronnies Twitter
Ronnies on Facebook
Newsletter
Your Account
Home
What's On
Show Times
Membership
About
Club History
FAQ
Meet The Team
360 view
Gallery / Press
Tech Spec
Our Piano
RS Radio
Sunday Jazz Lunches
Seating Plan
Our Double Bass!
Student "Big Band In A Day" Opportunity!
Food & Drink
Drinks
A la Carte Menu
Bar Menu
Sunday Lunch
Desserts
Upstairs @ Ronnie's
About the Bar
Drinks
Bar Menu
Shop
Contact
HOUSE BANDS
Login
Menu
Highlights
On Today
Full Calendar
TERMS OF WEBSITE USE
This page (together with the documents referred to on it) advises you of the terms upon which you may make use of our website www.ronniescotts.co.uk ('our Site').
Please read these Terms of Use carefully before you start to use the Site.
You must be at least 18 years of age to agree to and enter into this Agreement and to register as a member of this Site.
If you are under 18 you may not register as a member on the Site.
You represent that (i) you have read, understood and agree to be bound by this Agreement and (ii) you are at least 18 years old,
We do not permit you to share your user name and password with any other person nor with multiple users on a network.
If you do not agree to (or cannot comply with) any of these Terms and Conditions, do not attempt to access the Site.
By using our Site, you accept these Terms of Use and you are agreeing to abide by them.
If you do not agree to them, please refrain from using our Site.
We may revise these Terms of Use at any time by amending this page.
You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we may make, as such changes are binding on you.
Some of the provisions contained in these Terms of Use may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our Site.
1.	INFORMATION ABOUT US
1.1	www.ronniescotts.co.uk
is a website owned and operated by Palmglen Limited ('we', 'us', 'our'), a private limited liability company.
We are registered in England and Wales under company number 1590762 and we have our registered office at 73 Cornhill, London, EC3V 3QQ.
Our VAT number is 340781366.
1.2	Our Site is established to enable you to obtain information about us ('Information') and to book tickets for our facilities, events and services.
2.	ACCESSING OUR SITE
2.1	Access to our Site is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the service we provide on our Site without notice (see below).
We will not be liable if for any reason our Site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
2.2	From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of our Site, or to our entire Site, to visitors.
2.3	If you choose, or if you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any third party.
We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms.
3.	OUR RIGHT TO VARY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
3.1	We have the right to revise and amend these Terms and Conditions from time to time, for example, to reflect changes in market conditions affecting our business, changes in technology, changes in relevant laws and regulatory requirements and changes in our system's capabilities.
3.2	You will be subject to the policies and Terms and Conditions in force at the time that you request any Information from us, unless any change to those policies or these Terms and Conditions is required to be made by law or governmental authority, or if we notify you of the change to those policies or these Terms and Conditions (in which case we have the right to assume that you have accepted the change to the Terms and Conditions).
4.	YOUR AGREEMENTS
YOU AGREE that:-
4.1	we shall be entitled to withdraw any information from our Site if the Information is inaccurately described on the Site or where obvious errors have been made;
4.2	it is your responsibility to provide accurate personal information ('Personal Data') if you register as a member and to update your Personal Data as necessary to keep it accurate. You undertake that all the details you provide to us for the purpose of your registration as a
member are correct and that the credit card or debit card that you propose to use is your own or that of a third party who has given you full permission and authority to use it and that you or such third party have sufficient funds to meet the membership fees. We will not store your credit card or debit card details anywhere in the Site;
4.3	it is your responsibility to ensure that your email address is current otherwise certain functions of the Site will not be available to you. We will only use your Personal Data in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and our Privacy and Cookies Policy, which you can review at www.ronniescotts.co.uk/privacypolicy;
4.4	it is your responsibility to maintain the confidentiality and security of your Personal Data especially your User name and password. You will not allow others to use your User name or password and you will notify us immediately of any unauthorised use of your User name and/or password. We shall not be responsible for any losses arising out of the unauthorised use of your User name and/or password and you agree to indemnify and hold us harmless for any improper, unauthorised or illegal uses of the same;
4.5	whilst we will utilise anti-virus protections, it is your obligation to ensure that any use you make of our Site is free of any virus, Trojan horse, worm or any other items of a destructive nature. You will not hold us responsible for any damages that result from you accessing the Site (including any software or systems you use to access the Site).
4.6	you will not attempt or permit or encourage others to attempt to copy or make use of any intellectual property appearing on our Site for any commercial use or in any manner which would constitute an infringement of our copyright.
4.7	variation in computer, browser and operation will create differences in visual layout and usability of the Site.
We have given due care and attention to minimising these differences, but cannot be held responsible for specific operational differences.
5.	SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS
The computer, internet access and system operated by you and your ability to use the same may affect your ability to use our Site.
You acknowledge and agree that any system requirements necessary to preview, and /or view any Information from our Site are your responsibility.
6.	MISUSE OF THE SITE
6.1	We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your access to the Site or parts of it if at our sole discretion we believe you are in breach of any provision of this Agreement.
If your access has been suspended or terminated you will not be permitted to re access the Site without our prior consent.
6.2	You will only use the Site for the purposes referred to in this Agreement and not access the Site or use information gathered from it to send unsolicited e-mails.
7.	INTERACTIVE SERVICES
7.1	We may from time to time provide interactive services on our Site for our registered members, including, without limitation:
-	A Chat room.
-	Bulletin boards.
-	Personal messages
-	Forum
('interactive services').
7.2	Where we do provide any interactive service, we will provide clear information to you about the kind of service offered, if it is moderated and what form of moderation is used (including whether it is human or technical).
7.3	We will do our best to assess any possible risks for users (and in particular, for minors) from third parties when they use any interactive service provided on our Site, and we will decide in each case whether it is appropriate to use moderation of the relevant service (including what kind of moderation to use) in the light of those risks.
However, we are under no obligation to oversee, monitor or moderate any interactive service we provide on our Site, and we expressly exclude our liability for any loss or damage arising from the use of any interactive service by a user in contravention of our content standards, whether the service is moderated or not
7.4	We advise parents who permit their children to use an interactive service that it is important that they communicate with their children about their safety online, as moderation is not foolproof.
Minors who use any interactive service should be made aware of the potential risks to them.
7.5	Where we do moderate an interactive service, we will normally provide you with a means of contacting the moderator, should a concern or difficulty arise.
8.	CONTENT STANDARDS
8.1	These content standards apply to any and all content which you contribute ('Contributions') to any interactive services on our Site.
8.2	You must comply with the spirit of the following standards as well as the letter.
The standards apply to each part of any contribution as well as to its whole.
9.	Contributions must:
9.1	Be accurate (where they state facts).
9.2	Be genuinely held (where they state opinions).
9.3	Comply with applicable law in the United Kingdom and in any country from which they are posted.
Contributions must not:
9.4	Contain any material which is defamatory of any person.
9.5	Contain any material which is obscene, offensive, hateful or inflammatory.
9.6	Promote sexually explicit material.
9.7	Promote violence.
9.8	Promote discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age.
9.9	Infringe any copyright, database right or trade mark of any other person.
9.10	Be likely to deceive any person.
9.11	Be made in breach of any legal duty owed to a third party, such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence.
9.12	Promote any illegal activity.
9.13	Be threatening, abuse or invade another's privacy, or cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety.
9.14	Be likely to harass, upset, embarrass alarm or annoy any other person.
9.15	Be used to impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person.
9.16	Give the impression that they emanate from us, if this is not the case.
9.17	Advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act such as (by way of example only) copyright infringement or computer misuse.
10.	SUSPENSION AND TERMINATION
10.1	We will determine, in our discretion, whether there has been a breach of our Content Standards through your use of our Site.
When a breach of these has occurred, we may take such action as we deem appropriate.
10.2	Failure to comply with our Content Standards constitutes a material breach of the terms of use upon which you are permitted to use our Site, and may result in our taking all or any of the following actions:
10.2.1	Immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use our Site.
10.2.2	Immediate, temporary or permanent removal of any posting or material uploaded by you to our Site.
10.2.3	Issue of a warning to you.
10.2.4	Legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach.
10.2.5	Further legal action against you.
10.2.6	Disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary.
10.3	We exclude liability for actions taken in response to breaches of our Content Standards.
The responses described in these terms of use are not limited, and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate.
11.	INDEMNITY
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless us, our directors, employees and consultants from and against any and all claims, losses, demands, causes of action and judgments (including solicitors' or attorneys' fees and court costs) arising from or concerning any breach by you of this Agreement and/or these Terms and Conditions for your use of the Site and you agree to reimburse us on demand for any losses, costs or expenses we incur as a result thereof.
12.	ASSIGNMENT
12.1	You may not transfer or otherwise deal with your rights and/or obligations under these Terms and Conditions.
12.2	We may sub-contract, transfer or otherwise deal with our rights and/or obligations under these Terms and Conditions in whole or in part.
13.	INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
13.1	All intellectual property content on the Site including, without limitation trademarks, button icons, logos, graphics and images is owned by us or licensed to us and is protected by International Copyright laws.
Your use of them is governed by this Agreement, certain end-user licence agreements, and applicable law.
13.2	You will infringe our rights if you copy or reproduce any part of the Site save for:
13.2.1	a temporary copy of any part of the Site which is automatically made or retained by your browser as you browse the Site; or
13.2.2	you printing out any pages from the Site as a record of any Information you have requested or obtained
from it; or
13.2.3	you printing out a copy of these Terms and Conditions which we would request you to do; or
13.2.4	your own personal use provided that:
13.2.4.1	no documents or related graphics on the Site are modified in any way;
13.2.4.2	no graphics on the Site are used separately from the corresponding text; and
13.2.4.3	the Company's copyright and trade mark notices and this permission notice appear in all copies.
Other than for the above four exceptions you must not copy the intellectual property in question for any purpose.
13.3	For the purposes of this Clause 13 "copy" and "copying" shall include non-literal copying as well as the copying of the structure and form of the Site and any elements within it.
14.	TICKETS AND ADMISSION TO THE CLUB
14.1	Your rights and liabilities with respect to the purchase and use of tickets purchased from our Site are governed by our Ticket and Admission Terms and Conditions which appear on every page of this Site.
15.	GENERAL
15.1	We may require you to change your password or any other information which permits you access to any part of the Site.
15.2	We will not be liable for errors or omissions on the Site nor for loss or damage suffered by you as a result of any unavailability of the Site or by any use by you or reliance placed on the Site or its contents including any damage caused to your computer or otherwise howsoever, or any direct, indirect or consequential loss or loss of data.
15.3	We shall not be liable to you for the failure of any equipment, data processing system or transmission link and will not be liable to you as a result of any down-time which may occur upon the Site.
15.4	The Site is provided "as is" and you acknowledge that despite our reasonable endeavours the Site may contain bugs, errors and other problems (including, but not by way of limitation) infection by viruses (despite anti-virus protections which may be incorporated) or anything else which may cause contamination or destruction of any sort that may cause system failures. Notwithstanding, we will use all reasonable endeavours to correct any errors and omissions as quickly as practicable after being notified by e-mail to ronniescotts@ronniescotts.co.uk.
15.5	We shall not be responsible to you for damages or otherwise in respect of any error made in Information on the Site.
15.6	We reserve the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently the Site (or any part thereof) without notice to you and without any liability to you or to any third party.
15.7	Links to third party websites on the Site are provided solely for your convenience.
If you use these links, you leave the Site.
We have not reviewed all of these third party websites and do not control and are not responsible for these websites or their content or availability.
We therefore do not endorse or make any representations about them, or any material found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them.
If you decide to access any of the third party websites linked to the Site, you do so entirely at your own risk.
15.8	You may not include a link to our Site, or display the contents of our Site, surrounded or framed or otherwise surrounded by content not originating from us without our consent.
Any unauthorized framing of or linking to the Site will be investigated, and appropriate legal action will be taken, including without limitation, civil, criminal, and injunctive redress and may result in the termination of this Agreement or other remedies as set out in this Agreement.
15.9	It is the responsibility of any third parties on this Site to ensure that any content submitted by them for inclusion on the Site complies with applicable laws and regulations and we shall not be responsible for or liable to any extent for any error or inaccuracy which may appear in such content.
16.	DISCLAIMERS
16.1	To the extent that in a particular circumstance any disclaimer or limitation on damages or liability set out in this Agreement is prohibited by any law which is applicable, then, instead of the provisions hereof in such particular circumstance, we shall be entitled to the maximum disclaimers and/or limitations on damages and liability available at law or in equity by such applicable law and in no event shall such damages or liability exceed ten pounds (£10).
16.2	You understand and agree that your use of the Site is at your own sole risk.
The Site is provided "as is" and without warranty by us, and, to the maximum extent allowed by applicable law, we expressly disclaim all warranties, express or implied including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, and any warranty of non-infringement.
We do not warrant, guarantee, or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the Site with respect to performance, accuracy, reliability, security capability or otherwise. You will not hold us responsible for any damages that result from you accessing (including any software or systems you use to access) the website service or using the Site including, but not limited to, infection by virus, damage to any computer, software or systems or portable devices you use to access the same. No oral or written information or advice given by any person shall create a warranty or a representation from us.
16.3	We make no warranty that any particular device or software you use will be compatible with this Site. It is your sole responsibility to ensure that your system(s) will function correctly with this Site.
16.4	Under no circumstances shall we be liable for any unauthorised use of the Site or the Information on it.
16.5	Under no circumstances shall we be liable to you for any direct, indirect, consequential, incidental or special damages arising out of your use of or inability to use the Site, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
17.	THIRD PARTY RIGHTS
This Agreement is only for the benefit of you and us and no other person can claim a benefit from this Agreement by virtue of the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 which Act shall not apply to this Agreement.
18.	LAW AND LEGAL NOTICES
This Agreement and any other terms or documents referred to herein represent your entire agreement with us with respect to your use of this Site. If any part of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed in a manner consistent with the applicable law to reflect, as nearly as possible, the original intentions of the parties, and the remaining portions shall remain in full force and effect. English Law governs this Agreement and your use of the Site, and you expressly agree that the English courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim or dispute between us or relating in any way to your account or your use of this Site.
19.	ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
19.1	You acknowledge that we may change the terms of this Agreement by posting a new Agreement on the Site.
You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to check the Site regularly to ascertain if changes have been made and your continued use of the Site after such a change will constitute your acceptance of the changes.
19.2	You acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by the Terms and Conditions of this Agreement and by our Privacy and Cookies Policy both of which are available from our website www.ronniescotts.co.uk
Palmglen Limited is a limited liability company incorporated in England and Wales with Registered Number 1590762 and whose Registered Office is at 73 Cornhill, London, EC3V 3QQ.
Our VAT number is 340781366
Menu
Copyright ©
2020 Ronnie Scott's, All Rights Reserved.
PRIVACY & COOKIES | Website Terms of Use | Ticket and Admission Terms
Registered in England No. 1590762.
Registered Address: Palm Glen Ltd, 73 Cornhill, London, EC3V 3QQ
Copyright © 2020 Ronnie Scott's, All Rights Reserved.
Website production by MRS Digital
Join Newsletter
never miss out on a show again!
Copyright © 2020 Ronnie Scott's, All Rights Reserved.
View Full Website
Select Date
Search Artist
0Your Basket
Search Artist
Search
X
Search by Date
12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031
JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember
Search
X