http://www.faea.org/about/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Home
•
About
•
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
What this policy covers
This policy covers how FAEA treats personal information that FAEA collects and receives. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available.
This policy does not apply to the practices of Associations or Companies that FAEA does not own or control or to people that FAEA does not employ or manage.
Information We Collect and Use
FAEA collects information when you become a member of FAEA and when you register for one of our events.
When you login we ask for information such as your preferred email address and work information. For some financial services we may also ask for your Social Security Number and/or Drivers License Number and date of birth. Once you sign into our services, you are not anonymous to us.
FAEA collects information about your transactions with us.
FAEA automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, FAEA cookie information, and the page you request.
FAEA uses information for the following general purposes: to customize the content you see, fulfill your conference registration requests, improve our services, contact you, conduct research, and provide anonymous reporting for internal clients.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
FAEA does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you or students registered by you except under the following circumstances:
We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with FAEA under confidentiality agreements. These companies do not have any independent right to share this information.
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims;
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or as otherwise required by law.
AboutFAEA
Become aMember
our partners
Some of our great Partners (Become a Partner)
(Become a Partner)