http://www.paulbowles.org/terms.html
www.PaulBowles.org
Paul Bowles Biography
Paul Bowles Biography: a biographical essay by Allen Hibbard
'Paul Bowles, Composer' by Irene Herrmann Chronology of the Life of Paul and Jane Bowles
Chronology of the Life of Paul Bowles (1910-1946)
Chronology of the Life of Paul Bowles (1947-2000)
Travel Writings
'How to Live on a Part-time Island' (1957) by Paul Bowles
'The Worlds of Tangier' (1958) by Paul Bowles
'Journey Through Morocco' (1963) by Paul Bowles
'Fez' (1984) by Paul Bowles
Galleries of Paul Bowles Photographs
Moroccan Writers and Storytellers Translated
Mohamed Choukri: biography and worksAhmed Yacoubi: biography and exhibitions
Mohammed Mrabet: biography by Roberto de Hollanda
Literary Works, Books and Films
Catalogue of Paul Bowles' Literary Works, Part One by Jeffrey Miller, Kenneth Lisenbee and Allen Hibbard (Early Works, Poems, Novels, Short Stories, Translations, Letters and Correspondence)
Catalogue of Paul Bowles' Literary Works, Part Two by Jeffrey Miller, Kenneth Lisenbee and Allen Hibbard (Interviews, Bibliographies, Biographies, References, Journals, Studies, Books of Photographs, Audio Recordings, Collections and Archives)
Paul Bowles Books Available
Books by or about Paul Bowles and Jane Bowles
Films and Documentaries on Paul Bowles
Music, Scores and Sound Clips
Paul Bowles, Composer by Irene Herrmann
Catalogue of Paul Bowles' Musical Works by Irene Herrmann and Benjamin Folkman
Music Scores In Print or Available Through Rental
Out-of-Print or Unpublished Music Scores Available from Irene Herrmann
Liner Notes of Paul Bowles Music
'Sixty Years in Limbo: The Rediscovery of Tamanar' by Benjamin Folkman
Two Sound Clips with notes and MIDI realization by Benjamin Folkman
Lost and Found Music: Two Paul Bowles Dance Works by Benjamin Folkman
'I Never Liked to Raise My Voice.' (interview on music') by Phillip RameyInterviews and Memoirs
'A Talk with Paul Bowles' by Phillip Ramey
'My Friend Paul Bowles' by Gavin Lambert
'A Memoir
of Tangier and Paul Bowles' by Ruth Fainlight'An
Interview with Paul Bowles' [1970] by Daniel Halpern
'Sunrise Tangier' [2017] by Johnny Strike
'The Art of Fiction LXVII' - A 1976-1978 Interview with Paul Bowles by Jeffrey Bailey
'A Translator's Experience' by Claude Nathalie Thomas
Desultory Correspondence: An Interview with Paul Bowles on Gertrude Stein by Florian Vetsch
'The Paul Bowles I Knew' by Tessa Codrington Wheeler
'I Never Liked to Raise My Voice.' (interview on music) by Phillip Ramey
'Meeting Paul' by Millicent Dillon
'The Return Trip' by Rodrigo Rey Rosa
'Last Thoughts on Paul Bowles' by Ned Rorem
'At Home With Paul Bowles: a Conversation' (Cherie Nutting and Phillip Ramey)
'Are We Going to Fez? Talking Paul Bowles with Cherie Nutting' by Stephen Aiken
'Paul Bowles: A Memoir' (1995) by Phillip Ramey
'In Memoriam: On Hearing of the Death of Paul Bowles' by Millicent Dillon
'How I Came to Write Paul Bowles: a Life' by Virginia Spencer Carr
Jane Bowles Biography
Jane Bowles: a Short Biography by Millicent Dillon
Jane Bowles Biographie (Adaptation française: Claude Nathalie Thomas)
Jane Bowles Biographie (Deutsch: Pociao de Hollanda - German)
Catalogue of Jane Bowles' Literary Works (and References)
In the Summer House (Article by Paul Bowles on Jane Bowles' Play
Chronology of the Life of Jane BowlesObituary of Jane Bowles
Jane Bowles Photographs
Jane Bowles' friends Maurice Grosser, Libby Holman Reynolds, Princess Marthe de Chambrun Ruspoli, and Woolworth heiress Barbara Hutton, who lived at Sidi Hosni in Tangier
Jane Bowles' friends David Herbert, Truman Capote, W. H. Auden, Helvetia Perkins, Cherifa, Yvonne and Isabelle Gérofi, Peter Owen, Cecil Beaton, Steffi and Frederick Kiesler, Virgil Thomson, Leonore Gershwin, John Hopkins, Marguerite McBey, and Joseph A. McPhillips III
Books about Jane Bowles
Galleries of Photographs
Early Portraits of Paul Bowles
Part One. Photographs of Paul Bowles in high school in 1926, in Paris in 1930, and in New York in the 1930s
Part Two. Early Photographs of Paul Bowles in New York and Morocco
Cherie Nutting Photographs of Paul Bowles
Photographs of Paul Bowles in Tangier by Cherie Nutting.
Photographs of Paul Bowles in Morocco by Cherie Nutting
Literary Friends and Associates
Tennessee Williams, Gavin Young and Rodrigo Rey Rosa (Paul Bowles' literary heir)Gertrude Stein, Charles Henri Ford, Gavin Lambert, Claude Nathalie Thomas and Virginia Spencer Carr
William Burroughs, Allen Ginsberg, Brion Gysin, Gregory Corso, Mohammed Mrabet, Truman Capote, Gore Vidal, John Hopkins and Ira Cohen
Abdeslam Boulaich, Mohamed Choukri, Larbi Layachi (Driss ben Hamed Charhadi), Mohammed Mrabet, Ahmed Yacoubi, Patricia Highsmith, Christopher Isherwood, Mario Vargas Llosa, Claudio Bravo and Jeffrey Miller
Musical Friends and Associates
Mirian Conte, Alain Cercio, Phillip Ramey, Owsley Brown III, David Diamond, Arthur Gold, Robert Fizdale, Gnawa Musicians
Aaron Copland, Phillip Ramey
Virgil Thomson, Peggy Glanville-Hicks, Bennett Lerner
Leonard Bernstein, Irene Herrmann (Paul Bowles' musical heir), Ivan Tcherepnin, Gustavo Romero, Rafaello de Banfield Tripcovich, Mick Jagger, David Drew, Zane and the Jilala musicians in Tangier
Friends and Associates
Joseph A. McPhillips III, Marguerite McBey, the Hon. David Herbert and Cherie Nutting
Kenneth Lisenbee, Parrots and Cats, Phillip Ramey
Claude Nathalie Thomas, Vittorio Santoro, Karim Jihad Achouatte, Mohammed Temsamany, Peggy Guggenheim
Mick Jagger, Ron Wood, Keith Richards, The Rolling Stones in Tangier, Morocco with The Master Musicians of Jajouka led by Bachir Attar, Patti Smith, and Lawrence Mynott and Anthea Pender-Mynott
Karim Debbagh (Kasbah Films), Frieder Schlaich, Martin Soames, Rachel Muyal (Librairie des Colonnes), Mercedes Guitta, Benjamin Folkman
Return to New York (1995)
Paul Bowles in New York with Jonathan Sheffer and the EOS Orchestra; with Phillip Ramey at the New York School for Social Research Symposium
Paul Bowles at Phillip Ramey's reception; Rodrigo Rey Rosa, writer and composer Ned Rorem, Raphael Aladdin Cohen, Allen Hibbard, Gavin Lambert, Claude Nathalie Thomas and Joseph A. McPhillips III
Paul Bowles with Ned Rorem, musicologist K. Robert Schwarz and pianist Gustavo Romero
Paul Bowles with EOS founder and conductor Jonathan Sheffer, baritone Kurt Ollmann, Bowles taking tea at the airport and back home in Tangier
Late Years
Paul Bowles at the Café Hafa, in his study in Tangier, in Asilah, at the door of his former house near Place Amrah (upper medina) and at the Grand Hôtel Villa de France
Paul Bowles in Asilah, Morocco, at a café
near Tétouan, during the filming of Jennifer Baichwal's documentary film Let It Come Down: the Life of Paul Bowles, and at home in Tangier
Paul Bowles with his last maid Souad, the Palace Hotel in Madrid, Spain in 1993, with Abdelwahab El Abdellaoui, enjoying a doughnut with tea, and Paul Bowles before his deathThe Final Portrait of Paul Bowles by the artist James KronePhotographs from the University of Delaware Paul Bowles Collection
Photographs of Jane Bowles and Paul Bowles by Robert Freson, 1963, Tangier and Asilah, Morocco
The Paul Bowles Wing at the Tangier American Legation Museum
Photographs of Paul Bowles' Funeral and Burial in the Lakemont, New York Cemetery on November 1, 2000
Photographs of Jane Bowles, Friends and Associates
Jane Bowles' friends Maurice Grosser, Libby Holman Reynolds, Princess Marthe de Chambrun Ruspoli, and Woolworth heiress Barbara Hutton, who lived at Sidi Hosni in Tangier
Jane Bowles' friends David Herbert, Truman Capote, W. H. Auden, Helvetia Perkins, Cherifa, Yvonne and Isabelle Gérofi, Peter Owen, Cecil Beaton, Steffi and Frederick Kiesler, Virgil Thomson, Leonore Gershwin, John Hopkins, Marguerite McBey, and Joseph A. McPhillips III
Resources and Links
Links and
Resources
Paul Bowles Collection, University of Delaware Library
Paul Bowles Collection, Harry Ransom Research Center, University of Texas at Austin
Jane Auer Bowles Collection, Harry Ransom Research Center, University of Texas at Austin
The Paul Bowles Moroccan Music Collection, Library of Congress
Library of Congress Online Catalog
'Moroccan Sojourn: a Visit with Paul Bowles' by Annette SolystPaul Bowles Obituary (November 19, 1999) from The New York Times
Morocco Links and Resources
Links and
Resources
Information on the Kingdom of Morocco
Royal Air Maroc
Le Matin du Sahara et du Maghreb
El Minzah Hôtel - Tangier, Morocco
TANGER: Histoires et culture
Terms, Quotation Rights and E-Mail
Terms of Use and Permission to Quote Texts
E-mail the webmaster
THE ESTATE OF PAUL BOWLES AND JANE BOWLES:
PERMISSIONS TO QUOTE FROM PAUL BOWLES OR JANE BOWLES;
FILM AND MUSIC RIGHTS; AND CONTACT INFORMATION AND E-MAILS
By using this site, you signify your agreement and compliance with the terms and conditions of use. We reserve the right to modify these terms and conditions at any time. You should therefore check these terms and conditions periodically for changes. By using this site after we post any changes to these terms and conditions, you agree to accept those changes, whether or not you have reviewed them. If at any time you choose not to accept these terms and conditions of use, please do not continue to use this site.
The Authorized Paul Bowles Web Site (www.PaulBowles.org) is the official Web site for the Estate of Paul Bowles and Jane Bowles. It is authorized by the literary heir of the Estate of Paul Bowles and Jane Bowles and the musical heir of the Estate of Paul Bowles. The site's primary purpose is to disseminate accurate information on Paul Bowles and Jane Bowles and to promote their works. This Web site is updated continuously.
Copying, use, alteration, editing or publication of any texts, pages and photographs from this site (and use of texts of Paul Bowles or Jane Bowles not on this site), without specific advance written permission from the estate, agent or other copyright holders is strictly prohibited under these terms of use. Unless otherwise indicated, the photographs and texts on this site are primarily under the copyright of the Estate of Paul Bowles and Jane Bowles and PaulBowles.org.
Requests for Permission to Quote Texts, Publication Rights for Works or Lettersof Paul Bowles or Jane Bowles, or Film Rights
For information on copyright and quotation permissions for texts of Paul Bowles's or Jane Bowles's written works, letters, published or unpublished, or for film rights (movie or cinema) information, send an E-mail to the agent, Mia Vitale, at The Wylie Agency in New York, who represents the literary heir of the Estate of Paul Bowles and Jane Bowles at: mvitale@wylieagency.com to request such permission. Please include all of the following information, the absence of any of which may severely delay any request:
Title of the work for which you seek permission
Author
Copyright date
Rights requested (audio, electronic, print, etc.)
Exact pages or short quote of excerpt, if applicable
Description of publication / reason for permission (Please be specific.)
Territory or Country
Proposed Fee
Your address, telephone, fax number and E-mail
Information on Paul Bowles' Music and Musical Scores
For information on music composed by Paul Bowles, or to obtain scores of Paul Bowles's musical works, send an E-mail directly to the musical heir of the Estate of Paul Bowles, Irene Herrmann, at: herrmann@ucsc.edu.
Scope of Terms and Conditions
These terms and conditions apply to your use of this site. Unless otherwise stated, these terms and conditions do not apply to your use of any affiliated or unaffiliated third-party sites to which this site may link.
All care has been taken by the webmaster of this site to use only photographs with the approval of copyright owners; however, if any photograph has inadvertently been used without permission, it will be immediately removed, regardless as to the length of time it has been on this site, upon notification in writing to the Webmaster. In such a case, no fee will be paid. If any photograph on this Web site has an incorrect attribution, caption or copyright information, please send an E-mail to the Webmaster and it will be corrected or added. Regarding Information on
Facebook, MySpace, Blogs and Other SitesPlease be aware that there are no "official" Facebook, MySpace, Twitter and similar Internet social networking Web sites for Paul Bowles or Jane Bowles, and we do not and cannot vouch for any information contained on those Web sites, pages or media. And because of the random nature of information and speculative comments on various blogs, we do not recommend using blogs or online encyclopedias, particularly Wikipedia pages that can be randomly edited by anyone or vandalized, as primary sources of information on Jane Bowles and Paul Bowles. We hope and prefer that you will use www.paulbowles.org for any link and reference to Paul Bowles and/or Jane Bowles, and we thank you for doing this.
Copyright and Trademark Information
The contents of this site are protected by copyright, trademark and other such laws and are the property of PaulBowles.org, the Estate of Paul Bowles and Jane Bowles, and any and all other copyright and trademark owners.  You may access the materials located on this site only for your personal use.  Under no circumstances may you change or delete any author attribution, signature, trademark, legend or copyright notice.  When you download copyrighted material, texts or photographs, you do not obtain any ownership or other rights in that material.  You may not in any way represent yourself or your own Web site(s) as connected in any way with PaulBowles.org and the Estate of Paul Bowles and Jane Bowles through the use of the intellectual property of PaulBowles.org, the heirs of The Estate of Paul Bowles and Jane Bowles, or other copyright owners of photographs or texts herein, unless you are legally authorized to do so by the heirs of the Estate of Paul Bowles and Jane Bowles.
The Fair Use provision (Section 107) in the Copyright Act, Title 17 of the United States Code does not mean that you may publish, distribute (electronically) or use entire or substantial or lengthy excerpts of stories, articles, chapters, music and other writings that are under copyright by the estate of Paul Bowles or Jane Bowles. In all instances, you must first obtain advance written permission for use and publication from the estate. According to the U.S. Copyright Office, merely acknowledging the source of the copyrighted material does not substitute for obtaining permission. Always get permission from the copyright owner before using copyrighted material.
This site contains materials and images protected under United States and other copyright laws. Your ability to access an image on this site does not entitle you to use or other publish that image. You may not download, transfer, publish, distribute and/or exploit any image on this site in any way, nor may you include any image from this site in any publication, Web site or computer network. Except for minor color correction or cropping, you may not modify or alter any visible marks on any image, or disassemble, reverse engineer, or decompile any image after receiving advance written approval by us for such use. In particular, no images or parts of images on this site will be approved for use as a trademark or service mark; use in any pornographic, defamatory, or otherwise unlawful manner is prohibited.
Except as stated above, without our prior written permission you may not otherwise modify, copy, publish, display, transmit (either electronically, mechanically, by photocopying, by recording device, or otherwise), adapt or in any way exploit the content of this site.  To seek our permission, please E-mail the webmaster.
You may also be required to obtain permission from individual copyright holders of articles and photographs on this Web site.
Please Link to the Official Paul Bowles and Jane Bowles Web site
When you link to us, please make sure that you link to the official Paul Bowles site, making sure the dot ORG is at the end: The Authorized Paul Bowles Web Site,
http://www.PaulBowles.org, established and authorized by the heirs of the estate of Paul Bowles and Jane Bowles.
The official Jane Bowles Web site is: http://www.PaulBowles.org/janebowles.html.
E-Mail and Message Posting
This site may contain services, such as message boards or registers, that allow you to upload (or "post") content related to Paul Bowles and his works.  Certain of these services may allow you, either directly or by e-mailing us at , to post personal information, textual messages, pictures, and/or multimedia content.  By using these services, you signify that you will abide by the following code of conduct:
1. You will not use the services to engage in any form of harassment or offensive behavior, including but not limited to the posting of communications, pictures or recordings that contain libelous, abusive or defamatory statements, or racist, pornographic, obscene, vulgar or offensive language.
2. You will not forward chain letters, junk mail or "spam", viruses, worms, Trojan horses or any executable programs and malicious JavaScripts, or attempt to alter this site's contents in any way.
3. You will not use the services to infringe the privacy rights, property rights or other civil rights of any person.
4. You will not post content or otherwise use the services in any way which violates, plagiarizes or infringes upon the rights of any third party, living or deceased, including but not limited to any copyright or trademark law entitlement, privacy right, publicity right or other personal or proprietary right.  In addition, you will not post content that is fraudulent or that otherwise violates any law.
5. You will not use the services to distribute, promote or otherwise publish any material containing any solicitation for funds, advertising or goods or services.
By posting any content on this site, you represent that you own all the rights necessary to reproduce the content or that the owner(s) of these rights has/have granted you (a) license(s) to do so.  In addition, you agree to assume all liability associated with the posting, holding PaulBowles.org harmless for any and all claims.  Such claims include but are not limited to copyright or trademark infringement, violation of any right of privacy or publicity, violation of any moral right or right of attribution, defamation, libel, slander, harassment, fraud, and violation of any law against pornography or indecent material.  We may but are not obligated to monitor the content posted on this site in order to maintain the site or to protect our rights. We may, but are not obligated to delete, move, or edit content that we, in our sole discretion, feel violates the code of conduct set out above.  We also reserve the right to remove or edit, for any reason, any content that you post on the site.
By posting any content on this site, you automatically grant (or warrant that the owner(s) of the rights in the content has/have expressly granted) to us (a) perpetual, irrevocable and non-exclusive license(s) to use the content, either on this site or on any other PaulBowles.org-owned site in any manner that we deem appropriate. This (These) license(s) include(s) the right to reproduce, modify, adapt, translate or create derivative works from the content, so long as the resulting reproduction, modification, adaptation, translation or derivative work is used only in conjunction with this site or any other PaulBowles.org-owned site.  This license shall continue for the full term of any rights that may exist in the content.
Privacy
Notwithstanding the above, we will not give or sell personal information derived from the content you post on this site (e.g., your name, your e-mail address, your Web site's URL, or your picture) to anyone outside of PaulBowles.org.  We will only disclose such information to parties outside of PaulBowles.org if we are legally compelled to do so.
Whenever you decide to buy merchandise featured on this site, we will provide you with links to affiliated third-party retailers, who will inform you of their own terms and conditions and the method of payment encryption.
If you decide to post any content on a message board or register, you should be aware that you are disclosing this content to anyone else who will visit the message board or register.  This means that others will have access to any personal information that you post in these areas and that, if you provide your e-mail address or other contact information, you may receive messages from people that you do not know.
Links
We are not responsible for the availability of any third-party site to which this site links. We do not endorse or take responsibility for the contents, advertising, products or other materials made available through any third-party site, including but not limited to any affiliated third-party retailer. Under no circumstances will we be held responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any loss or damage that is caused or alleged to have been caused to you in connection with your use of, or reliance on, any content, goods or services available on any third-party site. You should direct any concerns to the third-party site's administrator or webmaster.  Disclaimer of Warranties and Liability
The materials on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, either express or implied. We disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, other than those warranties which, under the laws applicable to this agreement, are implied by law and are incapable of exclusion, restriction or modification. Neither PaulBowles.org nor any person involved in the creation, production and distribution of this site warrants that the functions and/or content contained in this site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that it will work with all browsers, that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components. We do not warrant or make any representations regarding the correctness, accuracy or reliability of the materials contained in this site.
You expressly agree that use of this site is at your sole risk.  You expressly agree that neither PaulBowles.org, nor any of its respective employees or agents, nor any person or entity involved in the creation, production or distribution of this site is responsible or liable to any person or entity for any loss, foreseeable or unforeseeable damage (whether actual, consequential, indirect, punitive, special, incidental or otherwise), injury or claim of any kind or character based upon or resulting from the use of this site. By way of example, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, PaulBowles.org and related persons and entities shall not be responsible or liable for any claim or damage, whether based in contract, tort, statutory or other law, arising from failure of performance, inability of user to upload content, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation, computer virus, theft, destruction, loss of data or unauthorized access to or alteration of personal records.
We disclaim all warranties, express or implied, for the contents of and the goods and services provided by affiliated third-party retailers to which this site links. In particular, we do not warrant any method of payment encryption or other security measure employed by an affiliated third-party retailer. Any question, complaint, or claim with respect to the terms and conditions of use, the privacy policy, or the security policy of an affiliated third-party retailer site, or the quality of goods sold by such a site, should be directed to that site's administrator or webmaster and not to PaulBowles.org. You expressly agree that PaulBowles.org is not responsible or liable to any person or entity for any loss, foreseeable or unforeseeable damage (whether actual, consequential, indirect, punitive, special, incidental, or otherwise), injury or claim of any kind or character based upon or resulting from the use of any affiliated third-party retailer site.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold PaulBowles.org and the Estate of Paul Bowles, its agent, webmaster, officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation by you of these terms and conditions.
Miscellaneous
These terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to any principles of conflicts of law. This site is controlled and operated by PaulBowles.org from its offices within the State of New York, United States of America.  We make no representation that materials in this site are appropriate or available for use in other locations.  Those who choose to access this site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.  You agree that any action at law or in equity that arises out of or relates to these terms will be filed only in the state or federal courts located in the County of New York, New York, and you hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating any such action.  If any of these terms and conditions are found unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision will be considered severable from the remaining terms and conditions and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.  Failure to enforce any of these terms and conditions shall not constitute a waiver of that provision. This is the entire agreement between you and PaulBowles.org relating to the subject matter it contains. This agreement may be modified only by our posting of changes to these terms and conditions or by a writing signed by both parties.
All content on The Authorized Paul Bowles Web Site is Copyright © 2019, by PaulBowles.org and the Estate of Paul Bowles and Jane Bowles and by other copyright holders as indicated. By accessing www.PaulBowles.org, the official Paul Bowles and Jane Bowles Web site, you agree to all Terms and Conditions of Use. The recommended screen size is 1024 x 768 or greater, with the text size set to medium. All rights reserved.
Table of Contents