http://www.sculpture.uk.com/privacy/
Our website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are giving consent to cookies being used. Read our Privacy Policy
Dismiss
Privacy Policy
New Art Centre
Roche Court
East Winterslow
Salisbury
Wiltshire
SP5 1BG
T: +44 (0)1980 862244
E: nac@sculpture.uk.com
This policy applies to information held about clients and prospective clients, suppliers and prospective suppliers, artists, contacts and all other persons about whom the New Art Centre holds information.
By 'information' we mean personal information about you that we collect, use, share and store.
In this policy, "we," "us," and "our" means the New Art Centre and "you" means the individual to whom the information relates.
What we collect
your name;your contact information such as your address, email address and telephone number;if required, your payment details / financial data i.e. your bank name, account number and sort code;information related to your attendance of, and interest in, our exhibitions, events, art fairs, artists and artworks;information about you that you give us in person, at our exhibitions, events and art fairs, by filling in forms on our website www.sculpture.uk.com (e.g. the 'Subscribe' section on our website to sign up to our mailing list) or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise];information in relation to your purchase of our artwork or use of our services; andwhen browsing our website, standard Google Analytics data such as your IP address, your browser type.
How we collect information about you
collecting information you give to us when you purchase any artwork from us, visit us at the New Art Centre or at an art fair;you subscribe to our mailing list on our website; andyou give us information in person, over the phone, by email, or by post.
What we do with the information we gather
We use your information to:
provide information about our artworks and services to you;keep you informed about our artworks, artists, exhibitions, events and art fairs that we think you may find interesting;carry out our obligations arising from any agreements entered into between you and us;communicate with you; andcomply with legal and regulatory obligations.
Legal basis for processing
Our processing of your personal information is necessary:
for the performance of contracts to which you will be a party to and in order to take steps at your request prior to you entering into those contracts;for the purposes of legitimate interests pursued by us; orin order to comply with a legal obligation to which we are subject.
In relation to any processing of special categories of personal data, we will generally rely on obtaining specific consent from you at the time unless there is otherwise a legal requirement for us to process such information.
Legitimate interests
Where our processing is based on the legitimate interest grounds described above, those legitimate interests are: (i) collecting personal information to provide you with a smooth and efficient client experience; (ii) to make sure you receive updated information on the New Art Centre's business activities; (iii) to provide the services you have requested; and (iv) for our own marketing and research.
Sharing your information
Except as expressly set out in this policy we will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
The personal information you provide to us may be shared with third party companies, agents, contractors, service providers or affiliated companies if this is necessary to provide you with our art work or services, respond to your inquiries or for any of the purposes described in this policy.
We may also share your personal information with:
law enforcement agencies, other governmental agencies or third parties if we are required by law to do so.
Your Rights
At any time, you have the right:
to request access to or a copy of any personal data which we hold about you;to rectification of your personal data, if you consider that the information we are holding is inaccurate;to ask us to delete your personal data, if you consider that we do not have the right to hold it;to withdraw consent to our processing of your personal data (to the extent such processing is based on previously obtained consent);to ask us to stop or start sending you marketing messages as described below in the marketing section; andto object to your personal data being processed in certain circumstances.
Any request from you for access to or a copy of your personal data must be in writing (to New Art Centre, Roche Court, East Winterslow, Salisbury, Wiltshire, SP5 1BG, UK) and we will respond within one month in compliance with data protection legislation. We will comply with our legal obligations as regards your rights as a data subject.
We aim to ensure that the information we hold about you is accurate at all times. To assist us in ensuring that your information is up to date, do let us know if any of your personal details change by emailing us at the following email address: nac@sculpture.uk.com
Marketing
Where you are one of our clients or have otherwise agreed to be contacted for marketing we may use your personal information to send you information about events, art fairs and works of art (i.e. our postal invitations, email invitations or email alerts). You can unsubscribe from receiving such information at any time. You can unsubscribe from any electronic mailing we send you by clicking the 'Unsubscribe' button.
You also have the option of "unsubscribing" from our mailing list at any time thereby disabling any further such e-mail or other communication from being sent to you by:
emailing us at nac@sculpture.uk.comtelephoning us on +44 (0) 1980 862244writing to us at New Art Centre, Roche Court, East Winterslow, Salisbury,
Wiltshire, SP5 1BG, UK
We will action any opt out request from you as soon as possible.
How long will we keep your information?
We will only keep the information we collect about you for as long as required for the purposes set out above or as required to comply with any legal obligations to which we are subject. This will involve us periodically reviewing our files to check that information is accurate, up-to-date and still required.
Where we are permitted to send you direct marketing communications, we may retain your contact information necessary for this purpose for as long as you do not unsubscribe from receiving such communications.
If you opt out from receiving our marketing, we will retain your information to enable us to respect your wishes to not be contacted for marketing purposes (i.e. if you unsubscribe, we will retain the necessary contact information for you to ensure that we do not contact you again, as per your wishes).
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. We have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we hold.
Links to Other Sites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest, including via our social media buttons. While we try to link only to websites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the content, security, or privacy practices employed by other websites and a link does not constitute an endorsement of that website. Once you link to another website from our website you are subject to the terms and conditions of that website, including, but not limited to, its internet privacy policy and practices. Please check these policies before you submit any data to these websites.
Certain features of our site will allow for social networking. You should ensure when using these features that you do not submit any personal data that you do not want to be sent, collected or used by other users, such as profile details or e-mail address.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site.
Our website uses traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used - this is a standard for Google Analytics data. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.
Questions
Questions, comments and requests regarding this policy are welcomed and should be addressed to nac@sculpture.uk.com.
Changes to this policy
Any changes we make to our policy in the future will be posted on this page. Please check this page frequently to see any updates or changes to our policy.