https://www.busyboo.com/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
Architecture
Interiors
Home & Kitchen
Tech
Style
Travel & Outdoors
Books
Privacy Policy Statement
Busyboo (“busyboo”, “Website”) is committed to the security of your information and pledges to follow the terms set out in this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”)
We generally keep this Privacy Policy posted on our Website and you should review it periodically, as it may change from time to time without notice. Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy. When you access our website, you agree to this privacy policy. If you do not agree to this privacy policy, or to any changes we may subsequently make, immediately stop accessing our website.
Website Information Usage
We use Google Analytics services to track the location, browser, operating system and screen resolution of our visitors, but not private information about each individual (such as your name of email address). E-mail addresses are only ever provided by the user voluntarily through the commenting process or via e-mail communications or optional newsletter advertisement. Note: E-mail addresses that are entered in the required “e-mail” field in the comments area, are not publicly displayed. We aggregate user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, and information volunteered by readers, such as survey information and/or Website registrations. The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Website in a technical fashion only and not for marketing purposes.
Public Information
Our Website enables you to post information to be accessed by others through our comments. When you do so, other visitors may collect your data and attempt to contact you off the site. Busyboo cannot be held liable for any offsite communications that result from your posting of personal information on our site. If you do not wish to be contacted offsite by other Busyboo visitors, do not give your e-mail address or website address in the content when leaving a comment. Please note: Although you are required to provide your e-mail address in the specified field
when entering a comment, your e-mail address will only be available to the Busyboo website administrators and will not be publicly visible.
Advertisers
Third-party advertisers featured on Busyboo may collect tracking information in a different manner than is set out in this Privacy Policy. The only information that they will be able to track is basic Website usage information; e-mail addresses are not passed on to advertisers for any reason even if they are provided to Busyboo voluntarily.
Cookies
We use cookies to store visitor preferences, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, customize Website content based on visitor browser type or other information that the visitor sends.
Use of Information Provided By User
When you sign up for our newsletter, we will send you our weekly newsletter. Your email address and any personal information is not shared with any of our sponsors. You also have the option of unsubscribing from our newsletter entirely, via an unsubscribe link, which appears in each newsletter. Your personal information is not used by subsidiary organizations or businesses related to Busyboo, unless clearly disclosed for specific situations.
Your Consent
When signing up for our newsletter, there is a checkbox for your consent to be subscribed to our newsletter. An unsubscribe link is included at the bottom of each newsletter. When submitting your email address, your IP address is saved as a form of proof of content to subscribe to our newsletter. By using our Web site you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Ownership
All e-mails, comments or other forms of communication received by Busyboo are the property of Busyboo and may be used for editorial or technical improvements to the Website at our discretion without any form of compensation being owed to the sender of said communications.
Email Communications
If you send us an email with questions or comments, we may use your personally identifiable information to respond to your questions or comments and we may save your questions or comments for future reference. For security reasons, we do not recommend that you send non-public personal information, such as passwords, social security numbers or bank account information, to us by email. However, aside from our reply to such an email, it is not our standard practice to send you an email unless you request a particular service or sign up for a feature that involves email communications, we are sending you information about our other products and services, or you consented to being contacted by email for a particular purpose.
Transfer of Assets
As we continue to develop our business, we may sell or purchase assets. If another entity acquires Busyboo or all (or substantially all) of our assets, the personally identifiable information and non-personal information we have about you will be transferred to and used by this acquiring entity, though we will take commercially reasonable steps to ensure that your preferences are followed. Also, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, all such information may be considered an asset of ours and as such may be sold or transferred to third parties.
Other
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, we reserve the right to disclose any personally identifiable or non-personal information about you if we are required to do so by law.
Information Security
We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities and the facilities of our service providers to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our Website. Information provided by Website visitors is held in confidence and may be used for editorial and technical improvements to the Website.
Children
The content on our Service is intended for adults and is not directed to children under 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you learn that a child has provided us with personal information without parental consent, please contact us immediately at busyboo@busyboo.com, and we will take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account.
Affiliate Programs, sponsored posts, etc
From time to time we may choose to use affiliate links and/or sponsored posts as an effort to generate extra income to our website. The appearance of such links or sponsored content in this blog is determined by its informational or inspirational value and not by its commercial value to us. We will only promote products and services that we like and feel are beneficial to our audience.
Third party advertising
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads and collect information when users visit our site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements on our site, other websites and other forms of media about goods and services of interest to you.
Other Sites / Links
Our Website may link to or contain links to other third party websites that we do not control or maintain, such as in connection with purchasing products referenced on our Website and banner advertisements. We are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any third party website. We encourage you to note when you leave our Website and to read the privacy statements of all third party websites before submitting any personally identifiable information.
Retention and Security
Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage third party service providers. By using the Website, you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside your country of residence, which may have different data protection rules than in your country. While such information is outside of Israel, it is subject to the laws of the country in which it is held, and may be subject to disclosure to the governments, courts or law enforcement or regulatory agencies of such other country, pursuant to the laws of such country. However, our practices regarding your personal information will at all times continue to be governed by this Privacy Policy and, if applicable, we will comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) requirements providing adequate protection for the transfer of personal information from the EU/EEA to third country.
We have implemented various physical, administrative and technical safeguards designed to protect the confidentiality and security of Personal Information under our control. However, no security measures are absolute or wholly guaranteed.
We will maintain your Personal Information for as long as a business need exists, or as required by applicable laws, regulations, or government orders.
Rights
On written request and subject to proof of identity, you may access the Personal Information that we hold, and ask that any necessary corrections be made, where applicable, as authorized or required by law. However, to make sure that the Personal Information we maintain about you is accurate and up to date, please inform us immediately of any change in your Personal Information.
Under the GDPR, you may be entitled to additional rights, including: (i) the right to withdraw consent to processing where consent is the basis of processing; (ii) the right to access your Personal Information and certain other supplementary information, under certain conditions; (iii) the right to object to unlawful data processing, under certain conditions; (iv) the right to erasure of Personal Information about you, under certain conditions; (v) the right to demand that we restrict processing of your Personal Information, under certain conditions, if you believe we have exceeded the legitimate basis for processing, processing is no longer necessary, are processing, or believe your personal information is inaccurate; (vi) the right to data portability of Personal Information concerning you that you provided us in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format, under certain conditions; (vii) the right object to decisions being taken by automated means which produce legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affect you, under certain conditions; (viii) the right to lodge a complaint with data protection authorities. If you want to learn more about your rights under the GDPR, you can visit the European Commission’s page on Data Protection at: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/index_en.htm.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time, and if we do we’ll post any changes on this page. If you continue to use the Services after those changes are in effect, you agree to the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact
If you have any requests concerning your personal information or other inquiries regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us by e-mail at: mailto:busyboo@busyboo.com
This privacy policy has changed effective May 23, 2018.
get updatesSubscribe to our newsletter
get publishedSubmit Your Project
Calling all architects and designers! - This is your chance to be published in Busyboo and share your work with our readers. Click here to get started.
Best SellingArchitecture Books