http://www.barbratimeless.com/privacy/
Privacy:
BT Finance Group ("BT Finance Group")
operates http://www.barbratimeless.com and may operate other websites. It
is BT Finance Group's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, BT Finance Group collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. BT Finance Group's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how BT Finance Group's visitors use its website. From time to
time, BT Finance Group may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
BT Finance Group also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on http://www.barbratimeless.com
blogs/sites. BT Finance Group only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to BT Finance Group's websites choose to interact
with BT Finance Group in ways that require BT Finance Group to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that BT Finance Group gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at http://www.barbratimeless.com to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with BT Finance Group are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, BT Finance Group collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
BT Finance Group. BT Finance Group does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
BT Finance Group may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. BT Finance Group may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, BT Finance Group does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
BT Finance Group discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on BT Finance Group's behalf or to provide services available
at BT Finance Group's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using BT Finance Group's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. BT Finance Group will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, BT Finance Group discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when BT Finance Group believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of BT Finance Group, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an BT Finance Group website and have supplied your email address, BT Finance Group
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with BT Finance Group and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. BT Finance Group takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. BT Finance Group uses cookies to
help BT Finance Group identify and track visitors, their usage of BT Finance Group
website, and their website access preferences. BT Finance Group visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using BT Finance Group's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of BT Finance Group's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If BT Finance Group, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that BT Finance Group goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of BT Finance Group may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by BT Finance Group and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, BT Finance Group may change
its Privacy from time to time, and in BT Finance Group's sole
discretion. BT Finance Group encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy. If you have a http://www.barbratimeless.com account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Recent Posts
What You Should Know Before Investing in Cryptocurrency
Understanding the Different Types of Investment
Why You Need to Be the Master
The Importance of Business Blueprint
Tips for Finding an Excellent Branding Company
Ways to Fund a Business
Tips on Starting a Search Engine Marketing Agency
Pages
Financial Planning
Our Team
Privacy
Talk to us
Terms
Follow Us BT Finance Group _ Shaping the future
The BT Finance Group is here to help you get, manage and dispense finance for projects of interest. With our team of expected personnel in the finance arena, we use our free time to share thoughts and pointers on how to get more by financing in ventures that are guaranteed. We help you learn how to spot, finance and manage the right businesses.
Loan Calculator
Loan Type:
Select Loan Type... (%)
Amount of Loan:
€
Repayment Period in Years:
123456789101112131415161718192021222324252627282930
Weekly Payment:
€
Fortnightly Payment:
€
Monthly Payment:
€
Total Repayment Amount:
€
Total Interest Payable:
€
More information:
Email: