http://www.grnrngr.com/privacy-policy
Skip to Main Content
GrnRngr.com
Privacy Policy
GrnRngr.com Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which GrnRngr.com collects, uses, maintains, and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the GrnRngr.com website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by GrnRngr.com. GrnRngr.com has created this Privacy Policy to demonstrate its commitment to user privacy and online data security, and to communicate its online information gathering, use, and dissemination practices for users of this Site. We encourage users to take the time to read and understand this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use, and to contact us if you have any questions or concerns with this Privacy Policy or anything you see or experience on this Site.
You can browse the Site without providing any personal or individually identifiable information if you so choose.
Personally Identifiable Information
We may collect personally identifiable information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit the Site, register on the Site, and in connection with other activities, services, features, or resources we make available on the Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, their name, username, and/or email address. Users may, however, visit the Site anonymously. We will collect personally identifiable information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identifiable information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain activities on the Site.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We may collect non-personally identifiable information about Users whenever they interact with the Site. Non-personally identifiable information may include: internet protocol (IP) addresses, operating system, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), timestamp, referring & exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks.
Web Browser Cookies
The Site may use “cookies” to enhance the User experience. A User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. A User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert the User when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly. For more information, see the expanded Cookie Policy.
How We Use Collected Information
GrnRngr.com collects and uses Users’ identification information for the following purposes:
To improve user experience - We may use information in the aggregate to help us to more effectively respond to User requests and support needs.
To personalize user experience - We may use information in the aggregate to understand how the Users as a group use the services and resources provided on the Site.
To improve the Site - We continually strive to improve the Site offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from the Users.
How We Protect Your Information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage, and processing practices as well as security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of Users’ identification information, username, password, and data stored on the Site.
Sharing Your Identification Information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users’ identification information to others.
Third-Party Websites
Users may find links on the Site that link to the websites and services of partners, suppliers, and other third-parties. We do not control the content that appears on these websites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from the Site. In addition, these websites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These websites and services may have their own privacy policies and terms of use. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to the Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Affiliate Marketing Disclosure
When you click on an external link which links to either Amazon.com (off-site link) or ebay.com (off-site link) and then purchase an item, we may receive a commission. The amount of the commission varies depending on many factors, but it is generally a small percentage of the price of the items that you purchase. All commissions made from affiliate marketing cost the User nothing but help to cover the Site’s web hosting costs.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect or distribute personally identifiable information from minor children. If you are the parent or guardian of a minor child and believe that they have disclosed personally identifiable information to us, please contact us so that we may delete the minor’s information.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
GrnRngr.com has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the identification information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of any and all modifications.
Acceptance of these Terms
By using the Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use the Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of the Site, or your dealings with the Site, please contact us at webmaster@grnrngr.com.
This document was last updated on August 5, 2020.
Back to Top