http://www.grosvenorgallery.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This policy applies to information held about clients and prospective clients, suppliers and prospective suppliers, artists, contacts and all other persons about whom Grosvenor Gallery (Fine Arts) Limited holds information.  By 'information,' we mean personal information about you that we collect, use, share and store.
In this policy, 'we', 'us' and 'our means Grosvenor Gallery, a company registered in England and Wales with No. 02914566 and 'you' means the individual to whom the information relates.
What we collect
-           your name;
-           your contact information such as your address, email address and telephone number;
-           only if required, your payment details / financial data i.e. your bank name, account number and sort code;
-           information related to your attendance of, and interest in, events, art fairs and exhibitions, information about you that you give us in person at our events, art fairs and exhibitions, or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise;
-           information collected by filling in forms on our site [grosvenorgallery.com] (e.g. the 'contact' section or to sign up to our mailing list);
-           information in relation to your purchase of/ interest in our art work or use of our services.
How we collect information about you
-           we collect information you provide to us in person, or in writing or via email;
-           if you use our sign-up forms on our website [grosvenorgallery.com]
-           Collecting information you give us when you purchase any art work or visit us at an art fair, exhibition or event.
What we do with the information we collect
We use your information to:
-           provide information to you about our art work and services to you;
-           to keep you informed about art work, artists and events that we think you may find interesting;
-           to carry out our obligations arising from any agreements entered into between you and us;
-           to communicate with you generally
-           administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
-           keep our site safe and secure;
-           comply with legal and regulatory obligations; and
-           for security and to check your identity.
Legal basis for processing
We process your personal information:
-           for the performance of contracts to which you will be a party to and in order to take steps at your request prior to you entering into those contracts;
-           for the purposes of legitimate interest pursued by us; or
-           in order to comply with a legal obligation to which we are subject.
Legitimate interests
Where our processing is based on the legitimate interest grounds described above, those legitimate interests are: (i) collecting personal information to provide you with a smooth and efficient client experience; (ii) to make sure you receive updated information on our business activities; (iii) to provide the services you have requested; and (iv) for our own marketing and research.
Sharing Your information
Except as expressly set out in this policy we will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
The personal information you provide to us may be shared with third party companies, agents, contractors, service providers or affiliated companies if this is necessary to provide you with our art work or services, respond to your inquiries or for any of the purposes described in this policy.
We may also share your personal information with:
-           law enforcement agencies, other governmental agencies or third parties if we are required by law to do so; and
-           other business entities should we plan to merge with or be acquired by that business entity, or if we undergo a re-organisation with that entity.
Transferring your information outside the UK
Your personal information may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA") and may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us, or for one of our service providers.
When we, or our permitted third parties, transfer your information outside the European Economic Area, we/they will impose obligations on the recipients of that data to protect your information to the standard required in the European Economic Area or otherwise require the recipient to subscribe to international frameworks intended to enable secure data sharing.
In the case of transfers by us, we may also transfer your information where: (i) the transfer is to a country deemed to provide adequate protection of your information by the European Commission; or (ii) where you have consented to the transfer.
Your Rights
At any time, you have the right:
-           to request access to or a copy of any personal data which we hold about you;
-           to rectification of your personal data, if you consider that the information we are holding is inaccurate;
-           to withdraw consent to our processing of your personal data (to the extent such processing is based on previously obtained consent);
-           to ask us to stop or start sending you marketing messages as described below in the marketing section;
-           to restrict processing of your personal data;
-           and to object to your personal data being processed in certain circumstances.
Any request from you for access to/ a copy of your personal data must be in writing and we will endeavour to respond within a reasonable period in compliance with data protection legislation. We will comply with our legal obligations as regards your rights as a data subject.
We aim to ensure that the information we hold about you is accurate at all times. To assist us in ensuring that your information is up to date, do let us know if any of your personal details change at the following email address [art@grosvenorgallery.com].
Marketing
Where you are one of our clients or have otherwise agreed to be contacted for marketing we may use your personal information to send you information about our events, art fairs and works of art. You can unsubscribe from receiving them at any time, by contacting us at [art@grosvenorgallery.com]
We will action any opt out request from you as soon as possible without delay.
How long we will keep the information
We will only keep the information we collect about you for as long as required for the purposes set out above or as required to comply with any legal obligations to which we are subject.
This will involve us periodically reviewing our files to check that information is accurate, up-to-date and still required.
Where we are permitted to send you direct marketing communications we may retain your contact information necessary for this purpose, for as long as you do not unsubscribe from receiving the same from us.  If you opt out from marketing, we will retain your information to enable us to respect your wishes to not be contacted for marketing purposes.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to Other Sites
Our website may contain links to other sites, including via our social media buttons, while we try to link only to websites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the content, security, or privacy practices employed by other websites and a link does not constitute an endorsement of that website.
Once you link to another website from our website you are subject to the terms and conditions of that website, including, but not limited to, its internet privacy policy and practices.
Complaints
Questions, comments and requests regarding this policy are welcomed and should be addressed to [art@grosvenorgallery.com].
If you have any concerns about our use of your information, you also have the right (as a UK resident) to make a complaint to the Information Commissioner's Office, which regulates and supervises the use of personal data in the UK, via their helpline on 0303 123 1113.
Changes to this policy
Any changes we make to our policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our policy.
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2020 Grosvenor Gallery
Site by Artlogic
Join the mailing listFacebook, opens in a new tab.Twitter, opens in a new tab.Instagram, opens in a new tab.View on Google Maps
Close
Join Our Mailing List
First name *
Last name *
Email *
We will process the personal data you have supplied to communicate with you in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
You can unsubscribe or change your preferences at any time by clicking the link in our emails.