http://www.compositiontoday.com/privacy.asp
Login   Sign Up
Home
Blog
Competitions, Jobs & Opps
Concerts
Show Case
Composers
Articles
Interviews
Sound Bank
Home
Browse
Blog
Competitions, Jobs and Opps
Concerts
Members' Showcase
Composers
Articles
Interviews
Soundbank
Members
Sign up
Login
Latest Comps
& Opps
24/12/19
Percussion competition...
24/12/19
CALL FOR ACOUSMATIC WORKS...
24/12/19
Submissions in any medium...
Site Search
Other Resources
News Archive
Privacy Policy Page
CompositionToday has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment
to privacy.
We use cookies for our login system. These carry a small id to let the site recognise you.
This id is not given to anyone else.
We keep generalised statistics of user behaviour on the site, but this information is not personally identifiable.
We use your IP address to help administer our website and for security. This information is not shared with anyone else.
We require a verified email address from you to become a member. This email is not shared
with anyone outside the site. We may contact you from time to time to keep you informed of
your membership status or other important changes to the site.
You may also receive automated email
notifications from the site should you select to receive them.
You have the option in your profile to hide all information except your site user name.
If you are concerned about your real name being visible on the internet you should not use it as your user name.
Other details you optionally enter on your members profile will be visible to the internet (not just site members).
You should therefore take care to ensure you only enter information you are happy to place in the public domain.
If you select to make your email address visible in your profile you may be subject to spam emails
from irresponsible companies who collect such information from all websites. We recommend that you do not allow the email to be visible.
We may use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may
contain cookies. We do not have access to this information.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact
Copyright © www.compositiontoday.com 2004-2020. All rights
reserved. |
Terms & Conditions |
Privacy |
About Us
| Contact Us |