http://www.theleglamp.com/pages/privacy-policy
Home
Admission
Ship Me Tickets
Catalog
Department 56
New For This Year
Buildings
Figurines
Exclusives
Retired
Accessories
Christmas Vacation
Original Snow Village
Nightmare Before Xmas
Housewares and Home Decor
Kitchen/Drinkware
Ornaments
Can Coolers
Blankets/Tapestries
Tree Star Replica
Apparel
Bunny Suits
Shirts/Sweaters
Ladies
Headwear
Accessories
Leg Lamps
Full Size
Desktop Lamps
Night Light
Drinkware
Bulk Leg Lamps
Ralphie's Xmas Dream
Red Ryder BB Gun
Decoder Pin
Enamel Pins
Toys/Games
Oh Fudge
Media
Plush
Bunny Suits
Leg Lamps
Holiday Classics
Christmas Vacation
Elf the Movie
Nightmare Before Christmas
Home Alone
Visit A Christmas Story House & Museum
FAQ
Log in
Search
Contact
216.485.2320
support@achristmasstoryhouse.com
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Instagram
YouTube
Privacy Policy
We are committed to safeguarding your privacy. Please read the following statement to understand how your personal information will be treated as you make full use of www.redriderleglamps.com.
The www.redriderleglamps.com is owned and operated by A Christmas Story House Online Gift Shop.
A Christmas Story House Online Gift Shop does not disclose information about our users. When you are on an area of www.redriderleglamps.com and are asked for personal information, you are sharing that information only with A Christmas Story House Online Gift Shop. Any personal information that we collect through orders, feedback, or any other method will not be shared, sold, or otherwise made known to any third party.
A Christmas Story House Online Gift Shop does not collect personally identifying information about any individual www.redriderleglamps.com user except when knowingly provided by such individual. For example, customers are requested to enter their personal contact information such as name, address, and email when placing an order with us. This information is not used for any other purpose than to fulfill our obligation to you as a valued customer. www.redriderleglamps.com may use your information to contact you if issues arise during the course of processing and shipping your order. After our obligations to you have been met, you will no longer be contacted by A Christmas Story House Online Gift Shop. You always have the option not to provide the information we request. If you choose not to provide the information we request, you can still visit most of the www.redriderleglamps.com, but you may be unable to access certain options and services.
Our primary goal in collecting user information is to enhance your experience on our Web site. We achieve this goal by, among other things, using cookies and providing interactive communications such as our electronic questbook information you provide to us, and developing future site content and advertising based on your feedback and traffic patterns. To develop content and advertising targeted to your interests, we use aggregated user information and cookies to determine which areas of our Web site users prefer based upon traffic to those areas. We do not track what individual users submit or read, but instead how well each page or content area performs overall.
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us:
Via Phone: Monday thru Friday 9am-5pm Eastern at 440.485.2320
Via Email: support@achristmasstoryhouse.com
Newsletter
Subscribe to our newsletter to receive updates on new product arrivals, sales and subscriber only coupon codes.
Close (esc)
Popup
Use this popup to embed a mailing list sign up form. Alternatively use it as a simple call to action with a link to a product or a page.
Age verification
By clicking enter you are verifying that you are old enough to consume alcohol.
Enter
Search
Search
Main menu
Home
Admission
Catalog
Bunny Suits
Leg Lamps
Holiday Classics
Visit A Christmas Story House & Museum
FAQ
Shopping Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
Shop now