http://www.ktvb.com/privacy
Breaking News
More () »
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: September 9, 2020
TEGNA Inc. (together with its affiliates, "TEGNA" "we," "us" or "our") is a national media company that owns and operates broadcast media channels, such as local television and radio stations, as well as certain other lines of business, including our Premion service.
This "Privacy Policy" describes how we collect, use and share personal information from the following online services (collectively, the "Services"):
(a) our branded websites, mobile apps and other digital properties to which this Privacy Policy is posted, and (b) internet streaming platforms operated by third-party content partners on which Premion delivers advertising.
Except as expressly provided in this Privacy Policy, it does not apply to information you provide to us offline or through other means.
We provide important information for California residents here.
Table of Contents
Personal Information We Collect
How We Use Your Personal Information
How We Share Your Personal Information
Your Choices
Other Sites and Services
Security
International Data Transfers
Children's Privacy Statement
Changes to this Privacy Policy
How to Contact Us
Important Information for California Residents
Personal Information We Collect
Information you provide to us.
We may collect some or all of the following types of personal information about you that you provide to us when you use the Services:
Contact data, such as your first and last name, email address, mailing addresses, phone number, professional title and/or company name.
Registration data, such as information that you submit when you complete an online registration form to access and use certain features of our Services (e.g., our email newsletters), sign up for an audiocast or podcast, or enter contests, sweepstakes or promotions.
Communications that we exchange when you contact us with questions, feedback, or otherwise.
Marketing data, such as the email address or contact details that we use to send marketing communications to you, your marketing preferences, and information about your responses to our marketing communications.
Other information that is not specifically listed here, which we will use in accordance with this Privacy Policy or as otherwise disclosed at the time of collection.
Data from other sources.
We may combine personal information we receive from you with personal information we obtain from other sources, such as:
Content partners, such as internet streaming platforms and networks with which Premion has relationships, that provide us information about their streaming audiences' devices and viewing activity, which we use to help our advertisers deliver advertising that is more likely to be relevant to their viewers' interests.
Data providers, such as information services and data licensors.
Publicly-available sources, such as social media platforms.
Business partners, such as joint marketing partners and event co-sponsors.
Data collected automatically.
We, our service providers and third-party partners may automatically log information about you, your computer or mobile device, and your activity over time on the Services and other online services, such as:
Device data, such as your computer or mobile device operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model, browser type, screen resolution, IP address, unique identifiers (e.g., Apple's ID for Advertising or Google's Advertising ID), general location information (such as city or state), and precise geolocation (if you permit our Services to access it from your device settings).
Online activity data, such as the website you visited before browsing to our website, pages or screens you viewed on the Services, how long you spent on a page or screen, navigation paths between pages or screens, information about your activity on a page or screen, access times, and duration of access.
Cookies.
Some of our automatic data collection is facilitated by cookies and similar technologies.
Cookies are small data files placed on your computer when you visit a site.
We may set cookies when you use the Services to track user trends and patterns, help you navigate between pages efficiently, remember your preferences and generally improve your browsing experience.
Cookies used on the Services may also be set by analytics service providers and advertising partners.
In addition to cookies, the Services and our emails may use pixel tags (also known as web beacons and clear GIFs) to compile statistics about use of the Services, measure the success of our marketing campaigns, and indicate whether recipients of our emails open or click links within them.
How We Use Your Personal Information
We use your personal information for the following purposes and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy or at the time of collection:
Service delivery.
We may use your personal information to:
provide, operate and improve the Services;
communicate with you about the Services, including by sending you announcements, updates, and support and administrative messages; and
provide support for the Services, and respond to your requests, questions and feedback.
Research and development.
We may use your personal information to administer surveys and other market research and for other research and development purposes, including to analyze and improve the Services and our business.
As part of these activities, we may create anonymous data (including aggregated and/or de-identified data) from personal information we collect.
We convert personal information we collect into anonymous data by removing information that makes the data personally identifiable to you.
We may use this anonymous data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes, including to analyze and improve the Services and promote our business.
Marketing.
We may send you TEGNA-related and or other marketing communications via email and other channels as permitted by law.
We also work with third-party advertising partners who use cookies and similar technologies to help us advertise our services. These advertisements are delivered by our advertising partners and may be targeted based on your geographic area and activity on the Services and other online services. To learn more about your choices in connection with advertisements, please see the section below titled Advertising Choices.
Compliance and operations.
We may use your personal information to:
operate our business;
comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities;
protect our, your or others' rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims);
enforce the terms and conditions that govern the Services; and
prevent, identify, investigate and deter fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft.
How We Share Your Personal Information
We may share your personal information with the following parties and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy or at the time of collection:
Affiliates.
Our corporate parent, subsidiaries, and affiliates, for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Service providers.
Companies and individuals that provide services on our behalf or help us operate the Services or our business, such as customer service and support providers; technology providers (including technology support, web hosting providers, email and text communications providers, and mobile app developers); shipping and fulfillment service providers; survey and market research providers; advertising and marketing partners; and analytics services providers.
Advertising partners.
Third-party advertising companies:
that collect information about your activity on the Services and other online services to help us advertise our services; and
who use our Premion service to deliver targeted commercials and advertisements to our content partners' viewers, as described above.
Professional advisors. Professional advisors, such as lawyers, auditors and insurers, where necessary in the course of the professional services that they render to us.
Authorities and others. Law enforcement, government authorities, central banks and private parties, as we believe necessary or appropriate for the compliance and operations purposes described above.
Business transferees.
Relevant third parties in the event of a corporate divestiture, merger, consolidation, acquisition, reorganization, sale or other disposition of all or any portion of the business, assets, or equity interests in TEGNA or our affiliates (including, in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily make your personal information available for viewing by third parties on our Services, that information may be seen, collected and used by others besides us. We cannot be responsible for any unauthorized third-party use of such information.
Your Choices
There are various ways in which you can to opt out of our collection and/or retention of certain personal information we collect or receive from you through the Services:
Opt out of marketing emails.
You may opt out of marketing-related emails by following the opt-out or unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of the email.
You may continue to receive Service-related and other non-marketing emails.
Text message alerts. We may offer text news alerts for your phone or wireless device via short message service ("SMS") or similar technology. You must register with us to receive this service, which may require providing us your name, telephone number, and other personal information. You can cancel or modify your alerts by accessing your account through the Services or by texting "STOP" to the number associated with the text news alert. Message and data rates may apply for this service.
Advertising choices.
You can limit use of your information for interest-based advertising by:
Browser settings. Blocking third party cookies in your browser settings.
Ad industry tools. Opting out of interest-based ads from companies participating in the following industry opt-out programs:
Network Advertising Initiative: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
Digital Advertising Alliance: optout.aboutads.info.
AppChoices mobile app, available at https://www.youradchoices.com/appchoices, which will allow you to opt-out of interest-based ads in mobile apps served by participating members of the Digital Advertising Alliance.
Mobile settings. Using your mobile device settings to limit use of the advertising ID associated with your mobile device for interest-based advertising purposes.
Do Not Track.
Some Internet browsers may be configured to send "Do Not Track" signals to the online services that you visit.
We currently do not respond to "Do Not Track" or similar signals.
To find out more about "Do Not Track," please visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com.
Cookies.
Most browsers let you remove and/or reject cookies.
To do this, follow the instructions in your browser settings.
Many browsers accept cookies by default until you change your settings.
Please note that if you set your browser to disable cookies, our Services may not work properly.
For more information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your browser and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Declining to provide information.
We need to collect personal information to provide certain Services.
If you do not provide the information requested, we may not be able to provide those Services.
Other Sites and Services
The Services may contain links to other websites and online services operated by third parties.
These links are not an endorsement of, or representation that we are affiliated with, any third party.
In addition, our content may be included on web pages or other online services that are not associated with us. We do not control third party websites or online services, and we are not responsible for their actions.
We also make our third-party partners' content, products or services available through our Services, whereby our partners' brands appear on the Services in connection with such content, products or services. We may share with our partners information you provide, or that is collected, in the course of visiting any pages that are made available in cooperation with our partner. In some cases, the partner may collect information from you directly, in which cases the privacy policy of our partner applies to the partner's use of your information.
For example we make our audiocasts available through a third-party host. When you register for an audiocast, the host will collect information from you directly and will share it with us. The host will provide its privacy policy at the point of registration.
The privacy policy of our partners may differ from ours. If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of one of our partners, you should contact the partner directly for more information.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us.
We employ organizational, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information we collect.
However, security risk is inherent in all internet and information technologies and we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information.
International Data Transfers
Our Services are intended to be used only by residents of the United States.
We are headquartered in the United States, and your personal information may be transferred to the United States or other locations outside of your state, province, or country where privacy laws may not be as protective.
Children's Privacy Statement
This site is not intended for children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from a child under 13. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from a user under the age of 13 as part of the Site, we will delete such information from our records.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by updating the date of this Privacy Policy and posting it on the applicable Service(s).
Any modifications to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon our posting the modified version (or as otherwise indicated at the time of posting). In all cases, your continued use of the Services after the posting of any modified Privacy Policy indicates your acceptance of the modified Privacy Policy.
How to Contact Us
Please direct any questions or comments to:
TEGNA
8350 Broad Street
Suite 2000
Tysons, VA 22102
Attention: Law Department (Privacy)
Email: privacy@tegna.com
Important Information for California Residents
This section describes how we collect, use and share California residents' Personal Information offline and online in our capacity as a "business" under the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"), and their rights under California law with respect to that Personal Information.
For purposes of this section, "Personal Information" has the meaning given in the CCPA except as otherwise indicated but does not include information exempted from the scope of the CCPA.
Your California privacy rights. As a California resident, you have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Information.
You can request the following information about how we have collected and used your Personal Information during the past 12 months:
The categories of Personal Information that we have collected.
The categories of sources from which we collected Personal Information.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting and/or selling Personal Information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share Personal Information.
The categories of Personal Information that we sold or disclosed for a business purpose.
The categories of third parties to whom the Personal Information was sold or disclosed for a business purpose.
Access.
You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months.
Deletion.
You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
Opt-out of sales.
If we sell your Personal Information, you can opt-out.
Opt-in.
If we know that you are younger than 16 years old, we will ask for your permission (or if you are younger than 13 years old, your parent's or guardian's permission) to sell your Personal Information before we do so.
Nondiscrimination.
You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination in the form of price/rate increases or service quality downgrades prohibited by law, or suggestions that you may be subject to such discrimination.
How to exercise your rights
You may exercise your California privacy rights described above as follows:
Right to information, access and deletion. You can request to exercise your information, access and deletion rights by:
visiting this link
calling us toll free at 1-888-TEGNAPR (1-888-834-6277)
emailing privacy@tegna.com
Right to opt out of the "sale" of your Personal Information. Like many companies, we use services that help deliver interest-based ads to users as described in the Interest-based advertising section above.
While we do not "sell" Personal Information in the conventional sense, our use of these services may constitute a statutory "sale" of Personal Information to the providers of those services for purposes of the CCPA and from which you have the right to opt out.
For more information or to opt out of this use of your Personal Information, visit our California ‘Do Not Sell My Personal Information' Notice.
We cannot process your request if you do not provide us with sufficient detail to allow us to understand and respond to it
We will need to verify your identity to process your information, access and deletion requests and reserve the right to confirm your California residency.
To verify your identity, we may require you to provide government identification, give a declaration as to your identity under penalty of perjury and/or provide additional information.
Your authorized agent may make a request on your behalf upon our verification of the agent's identity and our receipt of a copy of valid power of attorney given to your authorized agent pursuant to California Probate Code Sections 4000-4465.
If you have not provided your agent with such a power of attorney, you must provide your agent signed permission to exercise your CCPA rights on your behalf, provide the information we request to verify your identity, and provide us with written confirmation that you have given the authorized agent permission to submit the request. Authorized agents are required by California law to implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices to protect their clients' information.
Shine the Light / Your California Privacy Rights.
Under California's Shine the Light Law (California Civil Code Section 1798.83), you may also ask companies with whom you have formed a business relationship primarily for personal, family or household purposes to provide the names of third parties to which they have disclosed certain personal information (as defined in the Shine the Light Law) during the preceding year for their own direct marketing purposes.
You may send requests for this information to privacy@tegna.com. For all requests, you must put the statement "Shine the Light Request" in the body of your request, and provide your first and last name, mailing address, and an attestation to the fact that you are a California resident. We reserve the right to require additional information to confirm your identity and California residency.
Please also indicate in your request the name of the website or other digital service to which your request applies.
We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information.
You can access this Privacy Policy online at www.tegna.com/privacy-policy as well as from the websites of our affiliates.
Personal information that we collect, use and share
The chart below summarizes how we collect, use and share Personal Information by reference to the statutory categories specified in the CCPA, and describes our practices during the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Policy.
Statutory category (click for definition)
Personal information (PI) we collect
Source
Business/commercial purpose for collection
Categories of third parties to whom we disclose the PI for a business purpose
Categories of third parties to whom we"sell" the PI
Identifiers
Contact data
You
Premion content partners
Public sources
Business partners
Service delivery
Research & development
Marketing
Compliance & Operations
Affiliates
Advertising partners
Service-related third parties
Professional advisors
Authorities and others
Business transferees
None
Commercial Information
Registration data
Communications
Marketing data
You
None
Online Identifiers
Device data
Identity data
You
Automatic collection
Premion content partners
Advertising partners (to facilitate online advertising)
Internet or Network Information
Device data
Online activity data
You
Automatic collection
Premion content partners
Advertising partners (to facilitate online advertising)
Inferences
May be derived from your:
Device data
Online activity data
Automatic collection
Premion content partners
Advertising partners (to facilitate online advertising)
Geolocation Data
Device data (general location information)
Online activity data (general location information)
Automatic collection
Premion content partners
Advertising partners (to facilitate online advertising)
KTVB would like to send you push notifications about the latest news and weather.
Notifications can be turned off anytime in the browser settings.
No Thanks
Allow