http://www.latinola.com/privacy.php
SUBMIT STORIES & EVENTS
JOIN
MAILING LIST
RSS
Home
Calendario
A&E
Careers
Comunidad
¡Exprésate!
Forum
Gusto y sabor
Hollywood
People
Salud
Tecnología
El Editor's Blog
Submit
stories and events
Advertise in LatinoLA
Join
our mailing list
LatinoCities, Inc. respects and protects the privacy
of those who use the LatinoLA
website. This Privacy Policy explains
what information we collect from you, when we collect it and what we use
it for. Read it in conjunction with our Terms of Service.
1.  Use by children.
LatinoLA
is designed for adolescents and adults, and not for children under
the age of 13 years. Therefore, we don’t knowingly solicit or receive
any information from children.
2.  Personally-identifiable information. We
collect certain personally-identifiable information from you when you register
on LatinoLA, become a member of our community, join our mailing
list, upload content, or register to attend events listed on our website's
calendar. "Personally-identifiable
information" is that information which can identify you as an individual,
such as your name, title, affiliation, address and email. We will not under
any circumstances release your personally-identifiable information with
any third party except as disclosed in this privacy policy.
3.  Billing information. When your
membership, purchase of goods or services, or event registration requires
a fee, we might require that you give us your billing address and your
credit card information, including credit card number and expiration date.
We use your credit card information solely for the purpose of charging
you the fee for the membership, purchased goods or services, or event registration.
We do not share under any circumstances your credit card and purchase information
with third parties except as required to process payments.
4.  Communications from us. On
occasion, we may use your personally-identifiable information to send you
communications with information created by either us or third parties affiliated
or partnered with us that we think you will find useful, such as membership
benefits, upcoming events, special offers, and new products and services.
To opt out of receiving these communications, indicate your preference
by either following the instructions at the bottom of every communication
or contacting us.
5.  Aggregate information. We may
combine certain portions of your personally-identifiable information with
that of other individuals to create aggregate, anonymous data that we will
use, for example, to improve our products and services and develop new
ones. Aggregate data is general information about groups of individuals
but not about you as an individual.
6.  Access to and control of your personal
information. We do not publish directories containing information
provided by our registered users and members. We might provide you
with a password-protected account that gives you control
over your registration and membership information. Do not divulge
your account’s password to anyone.
Our personnel will not require you to divulge your password, even
to provide you with support or assistance. You should log out
of your account and close your browser window when you have
finished your work to prevent others from accessing your account
if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer
in a public place like a library or Internet café.
7.  Protection of your content and personally-identifiable
and billing information. We protect your content and personally-identifiable
and billing information from loss, misuse, or unauthorized alteration
by applying carefully developed security procedures that are at least
as strict as generally accepted industry best practices and standards,
including the prompt installation of the latest security updates for
our servers; the use of techniques like firewalls, and anti-virus
and anti-worm software; and the use of SSL (Secure Sockets Layer)
encryption to communicate with your web browser to obtain any sensitive
information. On a regular basis we use both internal and external
resources to review the adequacy of our security measures.
8.  Our employees. Our employees
must review and sign a written statement of our security and privacy practices,
which include limiting access to sensitive information to only those employees
who require the information and enforcing strict password protocols for
all employees.
9.  Our third-party service providers. On
occasion we may need to share your personally identifiable information
with third-party service providers -- such as consultants, temporary workers
and software developers -- that we may employ for services like delivering
products, offering online software applications, hosting our computer servers,
developing or maintaining our software, providing technical support to
our clients, or sending e-mails on our behalf. All our third-party service
providers must review and sign a written statement of our security and
privacy practices, which include limiting access to sensitive information
to only those of their employees who require the information, enforcing
strict password protocols for all their employees, and prohibiting them
from using your personally-identifiable information for any purposes other
than to act on our behalf.
10.  Technical support and feedback. To
provide you with technical support or respond to your feedback to us, we
may ask you to provide your name and email address so we can contact you
regarding your technical support request or feedback.
11.  Service alerts and critical notices. We
may use your personally-identifiable information to inform you of specific
changes that may affect your ability to use our website or for other critical
non-marketing purposes, such as bug alerts. We may also contact you to respond
to your specific requests or to clarify the order information you provided
to us, or to notify you of upcoming subscription updates.
12.  Newsletters. From time to
time, we provide you the opportunity to subscribe to email newsletters
and other email communications. You may unsubscribe by following the instructions
provided in each email newsletter.
13.  Mandatory and optional information. We
identify what information is required and what information is optional
to fulfill any request for information from you. If you choose not to provide
mandatory information, we may not be able to provide the service you are
requesting.
14.  Third-party websites. We
may provide on our website links to third-party websites, such as those
of our business associates and online advertisers.We allow third-party
companies to serve advertisements within the LatinoLA website. These third-party
ad servers or ad networks use technology to send directly to your browser
the advertisements and links that appear on the LatinoLA website. They
automatically receive your IP address when this happens. They may also
use other technologies such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons to measure
the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising
content you see. We do not provide any personally identifiable information
to these third-party ad servers or ad networks without your consent or
except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have
the ability to opt-in or opt-out. However, if an advertiser asks LatinoLA to
show an advertisement to a certain audience (for example, men ages 18-34) or
audience segment (for example, men ages 18-24 who have viewed certain channels
of content) and you respond to that advertisement, the advertiser or ad-server
may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to
reach. The advertiser may also use information regarding your use of the LatinoLA
Sites, such as the number of times you viewed an ad (but not any personally
identifiable information), to determine which ads to deliver to you. You
should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers
or ad networks for more information on their practices and for instructions
on how to opt-out of certain practices. Our privacy policy does not apply to,
and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web
sites. Any data obtained by third-party ad servers subsequently shared with
LatinoLA is maintained and dealt with by LatinoLA in accordance with this privacy
policy. Contact
us at any time to receive a list of the ad networks we use.
15.  Legal disclosures. In some
cases, we may disclose certain information (including, when applicable,
your personally-identifiable information) to comply with a legal process,
such as a court order, subpoena, search warrant, or law enforcement request.
16.  Transmission of information outside
of your country. If you are located outside the U.S., your
personally-identifiable information may be stored and processed outside
of the country of which you are a citizen and/or in which you reside.
You hereby consent to the transmission of your personally-identifiable
information outside of your country so that it may be used for purposes
consistent with those specified in this Privacy Policy. If you are
within the European Economic Area, you should be aware that such extra-territorial
transmissions may be to countries outside of the European Economic
Area which may have different data protection laws. When this occurs,
we shall take appropriate steps to protect the information transmitted.
17.  Our use of cookies. A "cookie" is
a small piece of information that our website may provide to your browser
while you are at either website. This cookie contains a unique identifier
used to authenticate our registered users. You do not have to accept cookies
from our website except that to register and subsequently log on to our
websites you must accept cookies. Most browsers are defaulted to accept
and maintain cookies.
18.  Website usage data. With
or without cookies, we keep track of usage data, such as the source address
that a page request is coming from, your IP address or domain name, the
date and time of the page request, the referring website (if any) and other
parameters in the URL. We use these data in the aggregate to better understand
website usage, including what areas of our website users prefer (e.g.,
based on the number of visits to those areas). This information is stored
in log files and is only used for aggregated and statistical reporting.
19.  How to contact us. Contact
us at any time with questions regarding our privacy policy,
our information practices or other aspects of privacy.
20.  Changes to this Privacy Policy. We
may change this privacy policy at any time and at our sole discretion.
LatinoCities, Inc.
Last updated July 13, 2008
Publish your story
List your event
Advertise in LatinoLA
Join our mailing list
RSS
Feeds
Contact us
About us
Privacy policy
Terms of service
© 1999-2014. LatinoCities, Inc