http://www.baselinemagazine.com/about_contact/terms_and_conditions/
Updated 12.05.18
International TypoGraphics Magazine
Browse/Buy
Magazine
Current Issue 63
Cover
Contents
Book Review
Editorial
Feature
Opinion
Education
Subscribe
Back Issues
Issue Index
Special Offers
Posters
Publications
Other Products
About/Contact
Contact
Advertising
Team & Philosophy
History & Awards
Contributors
Links
Terms & Conditions
News & Events
Baseline News
Up coming events
Terms and Conditions
Thank you for visiting the Baseline online store. (Baseline is a trading name of Bradbourne Publishing Limited). Bradbourne Publishing Limited provide access to Baselinemagazine.com subject
to these Terms and Conditions. By shopping at, or visiting the Baseline website you agree to these Terms and Conditions, and our website’s Privacy Policy. Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions please do not use the Baseline website. Baseline reserves the right to make changes to the Baseline website, our policies, and these Terms and Conditions at any time. Any changes to the Terms and Conditions will be reflected on the Baseline website.
The following are the Terms and Conditions for the sale of goods that will govern any contract for the sale that we enter into without exception. The contract between us shall be governed by the laws of England and any dispute will be resolved exclusively in the courts of England. We operate a complaints handling procedure which we use, to try and resolve disputes when they first arise. If you have a complaint, please contact us at: subscribe@baselinemagazine.com
This document outlines our returns policy, how to use the shopping basket, where to send queries, placing orders, delivery times, and information Privacy Policy. If at any time you are unhappy with our service, have queries about using the online shop or the status of your order, please send an email to: subscribe@baselinemagazine.com or call the sales office on: +44 (0)1732 875 200. For any payment processing or failure enquiries, please contact Barclays at http://www.worldpay.com/shopper/
Placing an order
Go to the Baseline website www.baselinemagazine.com and from the available products (subscriptions, back issues, posters, etc.), click the ‘add to basket’ icon displayed on the page to place an item into your shopping basket. You can increase the quantity of any order by clicking again on the ‘add to basket’ icon. You can always see the current number of items in your shopping basket on the screen.
By clicking ‘Proceed to checkout’ you can control your order and proceed through to the secure Barclays payment system. In the checkout area you are able to choose your delivery region, edit quantities or remove items that you do not wish to buy. The ‘Total to pay’ area of the checkout includes delivery charges (and any tax/VAT, if applicable) – these are automatically calculated based on the country the order will be delivered to. After a successful transaction you will receive an email confirmation of the transaction and order details. Baseline reserves the right to refuse orders.
Payment and Security
You can pay for your goods online using a credit card or debit card through our online secure payment system operated by Barclays. All transactions are shown in British Pounds Sterling. All prices quoted on this website are accurate at the time of publication and exclusive of VAT or delivery charges (where applicable). Any customs or import duties levied once the package reaches your destination country will be your responsibility as we have no control over these charges and cannot predict them.
The following cards are accepted:
Switch
Maestro
Visa
Visa Debit
Visa Electron
Mastercard
Solo
We would like you to feel as comfortable as possible when ordering and paying online. Payment is taken by the world-renowned Barclays online merchant system. This is why all transactions from the Baseline website through Barclays use industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to allow for the encryption of potentially sensitive information.
We have selected the Barclays payment system to ensure that you can order in a secure and reputable online environment. Your personal card details are handled solely by the Barclays servers and are not stored after the transaction has been approved or declined by your bank. You can verify when the secure mode is active by the security icon (a padlock or key icon) at the bottom right-hand corner of your browser or on the content window – depending on the type and version of internet browser you use. For any payment processing or failure enquiries, please contact Barclays – the e-commerce merchant at http://www.worldpay.com/shopper/
If you do not wish to pay for your goods online, simply send an email to: subscribe@baselinemagazine.com or call us on: +44 (0)1732 875 200 with the details of your order.
Pricing
Baseline will make all reasonable efforts to make sure all prices on the Baseline website are accurate, however Baseline will not be responsible for any errors that may occur. If Baseline discovers any errors in the price of goods, Baseline will notify you as soon as possible and give you the option to resubmit your order at the correct price or cancel the order.
All prices are exclusive of any VAT or other sales tax payable unless otherwise stated. There will be an additional delivery charge, the amount will vary according to the method or destination chosen. Prices, tax and all other charges are subject to change without notice. Authority for payment must be given at the time of placing your order.
Availability
We endeavour to only display available stock on this website. If items that you order are out of stock or subject to a delay, we will try to contact you at the email address you provided when placing your order. If we cannot contact you or receive no response to our contact enquiries, we will continue to process the remaining items on your order. We will not supply a substitute product without your expressed authority. Once an item is sold out, it will be removed from the website catalogue or clearly marked at our earliest opportunity.
Delivery
Baseline will deliver the goods ordered to the main entrance of the delivery address/details supplied by you. Please allow 28 days for delivery, although standard expected delivery times will be 3–14 days depending on the destination.
Returns
We offer refunds on any product ordered online if returned within 14 days of receipt. We would ask you to keep all packaging and return goods as they were sent out – by registered post. The delivery charge on the original order will not be refunded. It is your responsibility to ensure goods are returned to us in a saleable condition. When sending your return, please obtain proof of postage in case the parcel fails to reach us, as we cannot accept responsibility for items lost in transit. You can choose to have an exchange or a refund. Please note that Baseline will not pay for the cost of return postage unless the goods are faulty or damaged.
Please send your returns to:
Baseline Magazine
Bradbourne Publishing Ltd.
Bradbourne House
East Malling
Kent
ME19 6DZ
United Kingdom
Copyright and Intellectual Property
All content included on the Baseline Website including website design, text, graphics, images, the selection and arrangement thereof, and all software compilations, underlying source code, software and all other materials are the copyright or other intellectual property of Baseline.
All Baseline designs copyright 1979–2008 by Baseline Magazine. All rights reserved. No part of the text or images on this website may be reproduced in any form without the prior written permission of Baseline Magazine.
Other Business Links
Baseline may provide links to associated and/or other businesses. We are not responsible for their contents of such websites and we do not accept any liability for the actions, products or content of all these websites and any other third parties connected to them.
Contact Baseline
Baseline Magazine
Bradbourne Publishing Ltd.
Bradbourne House
East Malling
Kent
ME19 6DZ
United Kingdom
T: +44 (0)1732 875 200
F: +44 (0)1732 875 300
E: subscribe@baselinemagazine.com
Company Registration Number: 3038454
VAT number: 624 8595 11
Privacy Policy
Bradbourne Publishing Limited/Baseline takes your privacy very seriously. The Privacy Policy describes how we will use and why we obtain, store and process data which can identify you. We may update this policy from time to time and will update the changes on our Baseline website accordingly. By using our website you are agreeing to be bound to this policy.
The information we collect
Information is collected from you when you order from us. The information we collect is cleary marked on our website order details (eg delivery address, etc).
Non disclosure
Information collected from you will not be passed on to any third party but solely used by Baseline to fulfil the order process and/or any resulting subscription obligation and the service nessecary connected to this.
Security
Keeping information about you secure is very important to us. However, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information which you supply and you do so at your own risk.
Third party links
We are not responsible for the Privacy Policy and practices of sites you use via any links from our website. Please always refer to individual policies of such third party sites.
©2011 Baseline Magazine