http://www.whisperinandhollerin.com/privacyPolicy.asp
Home
News
Reviews
Chat
Playlists
Members
Contact
-- Review Categories -- Positive Noise Face In the Crowd Rock Hunter Find And Rewind Popcorn Double Feature All Categories
OR
Search for Artist/Title
Advanced Search
[login]
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy.
This privacy policy sets out how Whisperin and Hollerin ("We") use and protect any information that you may provide when you use this website.
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
We may collect the following information:
Name, company name, credit card information
Contact information including billing address, email address and telephone numbers
Demographic information such as post code, IP address, browser type
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Fulfilling orders, processing credit card payments, delivering goods or services.
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional email about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided. We do not sell our customer information to any other company. We do not send out junk emails or email spams to our highly respected customers.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you by email, phone, fax or mail.
We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
We reserve the right to disclose Personally Identifiable Information as required by law and when we believe it is necessary in order to protect out rights and/or comply with judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our web site.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes. If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to us.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Home |
Incoming |
Reviews |
Positive Noise |
Face In the Crowd |
Rock Hunter |
Find And Rewind |
Popcorn Double Feature |
Chat |
Playlists |
Contact |
Register |
Login |
Logout |
Members |
Unsubscribe |
Privacy Policy |
© web design and development by Feel Design 2002 - 2009
terms & conditions