https://www.registerofprofessionalturners.co.uk/privacy-policy/
The Register of Professional Turners (RPT) takes your privacy seriously and will only use the information it collects about you for the administration of your visit to this website. As one of the leading professional wood turning organisations in the UK we are committed to keeping your data safe and secure: the RPT undertakes never to share your information with any third- party.
The website does use some cookies when you browse this website. These are used to ensure proper running of this website, and also to help us improve your experience when looking for a wood turner or just browsing through the work that our members produce.
We collect some data from you automatically for example your IP address and what browser and device you are using to view our website. This is done using Google Analytics, of which the terms of service can be found here. The Register of Professional Turners does not actively track you as an individual. We do not use 3rd Party / Tracking / Advertising cookies.
Should you send us an email via our contact form on the website, your name, email address and message will be emailed to us (as you would expect). This information is kept private. We will store this information within our own email system so that we are able to respond to you.
The Register of Professional Turners uses best endeavour to safeguard the confidentiality of your personally identifiable information but we do not use encryption or firewalls to further protect the information as it travels across the Internet. We do not believe that the personal information we collect warrants this level of security.
Scope of this policy
This policy covers the domain names registered to the RPT and any data that is sent to the RPT.
By providing links to other sites the RPT accepts no responsibility for privacy protection available on these other sites.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
From time to time we may update this Privacy Policy in line with website changes that may affect the personal information we gather about you. It is assumed that you accept such changes if you continue to use the site and services. If you do not accept such changes then you should stop using the Register of Professional Turner’s website and services, and contact us if you would like any information removed.
How to contact us
Details on how to contact us are available from the General Enquiries page.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this. Accept Read MorePrivacy and Cookies Policy
Necessary
Always Enabled