http://www.bookcouncil.org.nz/Privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
The purpose of this privacy policy is to let users of read-nz.org (and associated sites that share this sub-domain) know when we collect personal information and what we do with it. We do not use or share personal information in connection with this website except as set out by this policy.
How we collect, store and use your personal information
You may browse and access information contained within this website without providing any personal information.
Where you voluntarily provide personal information (e.g. joining our friends and patrons programme, saving and submitting an online application, through email feedback, registering an event) this information will be viewable by site administrators, certain Read NZ Te Pou Muramura staff and contractors including third parties who provide administration or improvement services to the website.
Personal information that you provide will be held by Read NZ Te Pou Muramura, and may be shared with, and held by, Third Party Contractors to the extent necessary for those parties to provide administration and/or improvement services in relation to the website. Email addresses provided when commenting on articles or when emailing feedback directly to Read NZ Te Pou Muramura are not made available to the public. Unless required by law, we will not publicise the names or email addresses of individuals who provide feedback to us without their consent.
Statistical information and cookies
Statistical information may be collected about your visit to help us improve the website. This is viewable by site administrators, some Read NZ Te Pou Muramura staff and third party contractors who provide administration and improvement services to the website. This information will not identify you personally.
It includes:
Your location (down to city/town level)
Language used
Your IP address
Type of web browser operating system you used
Screen resolution
What Read NZ Te Pou Muramura website content you looked at
Search terms you used
Links you clicked
What website referred you to our website (e.g. Google, or direct etc)
Browser cookies are used by this website to provide us with information about site usage and improve the service offered to site visitors. Cookies are small files which are sent by a website and stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies are also used to allow your preferences to be retained by your browser. Cookies from this site are not used to gather or allow the gathering of any personally identifiable information and are not used to track individual user activity around this site.
You may manually disable cookies at any time - check your browser's "Help". This will not affect your ability to view the site.
Access to your personal information
You have the right to access or request correction to any of your personal information provided to Read NZ Te Pou Muramura in connection to the use of this website.
If you have any concerns about personal information we hold please contact:
Jo Cribb
Ground floor, 79 Boulcott St
Wellington 6011
email jo@read-nz.org
Disclaimer
Hypertext links to other web locations are for the convenience of users and do not constitute any endorsement or authorisation by Read NZ Te Pou Muramura. Read NZ Te Pou Muramura is not responsible for the contents or reliability of linked non-government websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed within them. Listing shall not be taken as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all of the time and we have no control over availability of the linked pages.
Copyright
Except where stated or where an author is acknowledged, Read NZ Te Pou Muramura is the copyright holder of information on this site. Information may be reproduced for personal or in-house use without formal permission or charge. Information on this website must not be used in a commercial context unless written permission has been given by Read NZ Te Pou Muramura.
Pictures of artists and artworks are used on this site with the artists’/photographers’ permission. You cannot source images from this site without obtaining the permission of the artist/photographer.