http://www.contemporaryverse2.ca/en/privacy-policy
EN |
FR
subscribe
renew
submit
tips for submitting
about
contact
where to buy
lina chartrand award
masthead
donate
privacy policy
ad rates
poetry
interviews
essays & reviews
snapshots
contests
2-day contest
young buck prize
past winners
resources
issues
blog
Privacy Policy
Thank you for your interest in our magazine and other services. Your privacy is very important to us and we believe in giving you full disclosure about the kinds of information we gather and what we do with it. We also want to give you a choice about the use of your personal information.
Personally identifiable information
This is information you may have given us specifically about who you or your gift recipients are, such as:
name, mailing address, email address
demographic information (such as age and education)
your interests and preferences
transactional information (such as the history of your purchases or the fact that your name and address was obtained by us on a contest entry)
Why do we collect your personal information?
Contemporary Verse 2 collects your personal information foremost to fulfill your subscription (s) to Contemporary Verse 2, or to fulfill gifts of same you may give to others.
Contemporary Verse 2 also collects this information so that we may send you subscription billings, renewal notices, other subscription information/offers, readership surveys, donor letters and announcements of upcoming events.
By subscribing to the magazine, your consent to the foregoing is implied.
We may use the information in these ways:
We use your name and address (postal and/or email) in order to deliver the product, information or service you requested and to follow up with you about the transaction (i.e., send a bill, notify you that your subscription is expiring etc). We may also send you further information about the publication, its offers, or other products produced under its name. We use the information you provide us about others to enable us to send them your gifts subscriptions or products.
We may disclose your name and address to independent contractors such as a mailing house in order to assist us in fulfilling your subscription.
Occasionally, we make our list available to other like-minded magazines or umbrella organizations such as the Canadian Magazine Publishers’ Association or the Manitoba Magazine Publishers Association for the purposes of direct marketing.
If you DO NOT wish to receive such information, please let us know by mailing, e-mailing, phoning or faxing us.
Control of Your Information
You always have the option to instruct us not to use your name, address, e-mail address, etc. beyond providing you with the product, information or service you requested.
How long do we keep your personal information?
The Canadian Customs and Revenue Agency specifies that we may keep your personal information for up to seven years.
How do we destroy your personal information?
Electronic contact information is deleted. Any subscriber cards or other forms with your personal information are destroyed and recycled.
How you can keep your information current
If your personal information has changed, please contact us by writing, phoning, faxing, or e-mailing us with the new information. This will ensure that your personal information is kept up-to-date and that you receive prompt service.
Security
We make every reasonable effort to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of personal information under our control. Our security policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary.
Only authorized individuals and suppliers have access to customer information. Where information is sent to a third party for processing, we make sure, through our contracts with them, that all customer information is kept secure. We keep your information for the time we are providing you with a product or service, and for a reasonable time thereafter in the event that you wish to resume service.
We operate secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems. Credit card information is processed using industry-standard encryption and security. We do not collect personal information from bulletin boards or forums. However, we cannot guarantee that personal information voluntarily disclosed on message boards and discussion groups will not be collected and used by others, which may result in unsolicited messages to you from other parties.
Contact Us
Please contact us regarding any questions or concerns.
about
contact
where to buy
lina chartrand award
masthead
donate
privacy policy
ad rates
Current Issue
Hope or Do We Have One: Poetry for Uncertain Times
Poems, interviews, and essays related to hope
Subscribe to our mailing list
Current Issue
Hope or Do We Have One: Poetry for Uncertain Times
Poems, interviews, and essays related to hope
About CV2
CV2 is published by Contemporary Verse 2 Inc., a registered charity which has made it a mission to advance the understanding and appreciation of contemporary poetry through the publication of CV2 magazine and related activities.
Contemporary Verse 2: The Canadian Journal of Poetry and Critical Writing |
502-100 Arthur Street, Winnipeg, MB, R3B 1H3
|
Phone: (204) 949-1365 Fax: (204) 942-1555