https://www.docomomo.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Terms and conditions
These terms and conditions ("Terms", "Agreement") are an agreement between Website Operator ("Website Operator", "us", "we" or "our") and you ("User", "you" or "your"). This Agreement sets forth the general terms and conditions of your use of the docomomo.com website and any of its products or services (collectively, "Website" or "Services").
Accounts and membership
If you create an account on the Website, you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection with it. Providing false contact information of any kind may result in the termination of your account. You must immediately notify us of any unauthorized uses of your account or any other breaches of security. We will not be liable for any acts or omissions by you, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions. We may suspend, disable, or delete your account (or any part thereof) if we determine that you have violated any provision of this Agreement or that your conduct or content would tend to damage our reputation and goodwill. If we delete your account for the foregoing reasons, you may not re-register for our Services. We may block your email address and Internet protocol address to prevent further registration.
Backups
We are not responsible for Content residing on the Website. In no event shall we be held liable for any loss of any Content. It is your sole responsibility to maintain appropriate backup of your Content. Notwithstanding the foregoing, on some occasions and in certain circumstances, with absolutely no obligation, we may be able to restore some or all of your data that has been deleted as of a certain date and time when we may have backed up data for our own purposes. We make no guarantee that the data you need will be available.
Links to other websites
Although this Website may be linked to other websites, we are not, directly or indirectly, implying any approval, association, sponsorship, endorsement, or affiliation with any linked website, unless specifically stated herein. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant the offerings of, any businesses or individuals or the content of their websites. We do not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, products, services, and content of any other third-parties. You should carefully review the legal statements and other conditions of use of any website which you access through a link from this Website. Your linking to any other off-site websites is at your own risk.
Intellectual property rights
This Agreement does not transfer to you any intellectual property owned by Website Operator or third-parties, and all rights, titles, and interests in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with Website Operator. All trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with our Website or Services, are trademarks or registered trademarks of Website Operator or Website Operator licensors. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with our Website or Services may be the trademarks of other third-parties. Your use of our Website and Services grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any Website Operator or third-party trademarks.
Limitation of liability
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in no event will Website Operator, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, suppliers or licensors be liable to any person for (a): any indirect, incidental, special, punitive, cover or consequential damages (including, without limitation, damages for lost profits, revenue, sales, goodwill, use or content, impact on business, business interruption, loss of anticipated savings, loss of business opportunity) however caused, under any theory of liability, including, without limitation, contract, tort, warranty, breach of statutory duty, negligence or otherwise, even if Website Operator has been advised as to the possibility of such damages or could have foreseen such damages. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the aggregate liability of Website Operator and its affiliates, officers, employees, agents, suppliers and licensors, relating to the services will be limited to an amount greater of one dollar or any amounts actually paid in cash by you to Website Operator for the prior one month period prior to the first event or occurrence giving rise to such liability. The limitations and exclusions also apply if this remedy does not fully compensate you for any losses or fails of its essential purpose.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold Website Operator and its affiliates, directors, officers, employees, and agents harmless from and against any liabilities, losses, damages or costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, incurred in connection with or arising from any third-party allegations, claims, actions, disputes, or demands asserted against any of them as a result of or relating to your Content, your use of the Website or Services or any willful misconduct on your part.
Severability
All rights and restrictions contained in this Agreement may be exercised and shall be applicable and binding only to the extent that they do not violate any applicable laws and are intended to be limited to the extent necessary so that they will not render this Agreement illegal, invalid or unenforceable. If any provision or portion of any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, it is the intention of the parties that the remaining provisions or portions thereof shall constitute their agreement with respect to the subject matter hereof, and all such remaining provisions or portions thereof shall remain in full force and effect.
Dispute resolution
The formation, interpretation, and performance of this Agreement and any disputes arising out of it shall be governed by the substantive and procedural laws of Lisboa e Vale do Tejo, Portugal without regard to its rules on conflicts or choice of law and, to the extent applicable, the laws of Portugal. The exclusive jurisdiction and venue for actions related to the subject matter hereof shall be the state and federal courts located in Lisboa e Vale do Tejo, Portugal, and you hereby submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts. You hereby waive any right to a jury trial in any proceeding arising out of or related to this Agreement. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods does not apply to this Agreement.
Changes and amendments
We reserve the right to modify this Agreement or its policies relating to the Website or Services at any time, effective upon posting of an updated version of this Agreement on the Website. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. Continued use of the Website after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes. Policy was created with WebsitePolicies.com
Acceptance of these terms
You acknowledge that you have read this Agreement and agree to all its terms and conditions. By using the Website or its Services you agree to be bound by this Agreement. If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this Agreement, you are not authorized to use or access the Website and its Services.
Cookie policy
This cookie policy ("Policy") describes what cookies are and how Website Operator ("Website Operator", "we", "us" or "our") uses them on the docomomo.com website and any of its products or services (collectively, "Website" or "Services").
You should read this Policy so you can understand what type of cookies we use, the information we collect using cookies and how that information is used. It also describes the choices available to you regarding accepting or declining the use of cookies.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small pieces of data stored in text files that are saved on your computer or other devices when websites are loaded in a browser. They are widely used to remember you and your preferences, either for a single visit (through a "session cookie") or for multiple repeat visits (using a "persistent cookie").
Session cookies are temporary cookies that are used during the course of your visit to the Website, and they expire when you close the web browser.
Persistent cookies are used to remember your preferences within our Website and remain on your desktop or mobile device even after you close your browser or restart your computer. They ensure a consistent and efficient experience for you while visiting our Website or using our Services.
Cookies may be set by the Website ("first-party cookies"), or by third parties, such as those who serve content or provide advertising or analytics services on the website ("third party cookies"). These third parties can recognize you when you visit our website and also when you visit certain other websites.
What type of cookies do we use?
Necessary cookies
Necessary cookies allow us to offer you the best possible experience when accessing and navigating through our Website and using its features. For example, these cookies let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged into that account to access the content.
Functionality cookies
Functionality cookies let us operate the Website and our Services in accordance with the choices you make. For example, we will recognize your username and remember how you customized the Website and Services during future visits.
Analytical cookies
These cookies enable us and third-party services to collect aggregated data for statistical purposes on how our visitors use the Website. These cookies do not contain personal information such as names and email addresses and are used to help us improve your user experience of the Website.
What are your cookie options?
If you don’t like the idea of cookies or certain types of cookies, you can change your browser’s settings to delete cookies that have already been set and to not accept new cookies. To learn more about how to do this, visit the help pages of your browser.
Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or do not accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features our Website and Services offer.
Acceptance of this policy
You acknowledge that you have read this Policy and agree to all its terms and conditions. By using the Website or its Services you agree to be bound by this Policy. If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this Policy, you are not authorized to use or access the Website and its Services.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Agreement, please contact us.
This document was last updated on December 11, 2018
This website uses both essential and optional cookies. By using this site you are allowing us to set both.
Privacy Preferences
I Agree