https://www.prescott.edu/policies/privacy/
Skip to main content
Coronavirus Updates
Home
Policies
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Prescott College strives to ensure the privacy of your information. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our website practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for the Prescott College website.
Information Automatically Logged
The server automatically collects the IP address, date, time, page accessed, browser type, and the referring page if present. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website. The date and time are used to track the load on the server and peak usage times. We record the browser type to monitor market penetration of various web browsers so we can better determine what Internet technologies we should utilize in the design of our pages. We use page referrer data—i.e., information obtained from analytics that shows which third party site referred you, which determines to what extent our page is referenced by other resources on the web. This data is used to preserve the integrity of our computing resources.
Information Gathering
On some web pages, you can make a donation, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Phone number
Email address
When you submit an application online, additional personal information will be collected, including previous schools attended and parent or guardian contact information. We make every effort to protect personal information. We have procedures in place to safeguard and secure the information we collect online to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information.
Use of Cookies
Prescott College collects information actively provided by website visitors. We may also collect information about the computers, mobile devices, or other devices you use to access Prescott College's technology network, such as IP address, unique device identifiers, browser types, browser languages, web pages requested, network software access, referring web pages, date, time, and duration of activity, and locations of website visitor devices. We may contract with non-Prescott College service providers to help us better understand users. These non-Prescott College service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our services.
Cookies or tracking pixels are small files that are stored on your computing devices. We use cookies and tracking pixels to understand your preferences so that we can offer better serve website visitors. Cookies and tracking pixels may be set by an organization other than Prescott College. These non-Prescott College cookies and tracking pixels may, for example, originate from social media services such as Facebook or from advertising partners to help track the effectiveness of advertising campaigns and to deliver relevant advertising to you. Because the policies of these services change over time, you should review their policies by visiting the privacy policies of these services directly. Users may disable cookies through their individual browser options.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. Prescott College is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. Log file access is restricted to system administrators while stored on the server. Log files are rotated regularly and archived in a secure location. User and password information, if requested, is encrypted before it is transmitted across the network.
Users should also consult Prescott College's policy on Acceptable Use. Prescott College complies with all statutory and legal requirements with respect to access to information.
Contacting the Website
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, please contact our Web Team.
#IGoToPrescottCollege
Facebook
Twitter
instagram
Search
Search
Site Navigation
Apply
Visit
Give
Academics
Undergraduate Degrees
Graduate Degrees
Online Degrees
Certificates
Course Directory
Global Campus
Admissions & Aid
Visit Campus
Find My Admissions Counselor
Affordability
Priority Admissions Dates
Financial Aid
About
Accreditation
Outcomes & Statistics
Our President
Our Story
Consumer Information
Community
Diversity
Student Life
Publications
Careers and Internships
Mentors
Local and global centers
Tucson Changemaker K-20 Center
Kino Bay Center
Dopoi Center in Kenya
Center for Nature & Place
Frantz Fanon Center
Green Mountain Center for Sustainability
The Ecosa Institute
Arizona Serve
Connect With Us
News
Events Calendar
Find My Admissions Counselor
Header menu
Schedules & Catalogs
Course Schedule: Spring 2021
Course Schedule: Fall 2020
College Catalog: 2019-2020
College Catalog: 2020-2021
Information For
Prospective Students
Alumni
Accepted Students
Parents & Family
Current Students
Faculty & Staff
Board of Trustees
Orientation
Quicklinks
My Prescott
Events Calendar
Campus Map
Library
My Academic Services
Directory
MyClassroom (Moodle)
Pay Your Tuition Deposit
Writing Center
Brand Guidelines
Semester Booklist
Email
Online Store
Crossroads Cafe Online Ordering
Employment
Prescott College Bylaws