https://www.elvis.com.au/privacy-policy.html
Home
Elvis Australia
For Elvis Fans Only
Elvis Presley Photos
Elvis Presley Music
Graceland
Elvis' Movies
FTD
Elvis News
Articles
Articles
Elvis Interviews
Elvis Reviews
CD Reviews
FTD Reviews
DVD Reviews
Book Reviews
Elvis News
Elvis News
CDs
Follow That Dream
DVDs & Blu-rays
Books
Vinyl LPs
Elvis Bootlegs
ElvisPresley.News
DataBase
Elvis SongBase
Elvis Interviews
Elvis Biography
FTD
Elvis' Movies
Elvis Presleys Graceland
Elvis Pictures
Elvis Photos
Follow That Dream
Shop
Elvis Shop
FTD Shop
Elvis CDs
Elvis DVDs
Blu-ray
Elvis Books
Elvis Memorabilia
Vinyl LP Records
Subscribe
Weekly Elvis Newsletter
Daily Elvis News Updates
SMS Elvis News Updates
Elvis Home › Graceland ›
Elvis News
› Elvis Biography
›
Elvis Interviews
›
Sitemap
›
Privacy Policy
In Short
We do not give out any information you may provide to us to any outside person or organization. The only except would be if you ask a question, ask for help and we are not able to help but in our judgment we believe wholly that someone else can we at our discretion will forward your contact details and question/ request for help/information.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve customer service(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers, or on our premises - in fact we never actually see your full credit card number. it is never here.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart and understand and save your preferences for future visits.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
This policy was last modified on March 25, 2014
About Us
You can read about us here.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
contact.elvis.com.au
PO Box 3024Syndal, Victoria 3149Australia
Tupelo's Own Elvis Presley DVD
Tupelo's Own Elvis Presley DVD
Never before have we
seen an Elvis Presley concert from the 1950's with sound. Until Now! The DVD
Contains recently discovered unreleased film of Elvis
performing 6 songs, including Heartbreak Hotel and Don't Be
Cruel, live in Tupelo Mississippi 1956. Included we see a live performance
of the elusive Long Tall Sally seen here for the first time ever.
+ Plus Bonus DVD Audio.
This is an excellent release no fan should be without it.
The
'parade' footage is good to see as it puts you in the right context with color
and b&w footage. The interviews of Elvis' Parents are well worth hearing
too. The afternoon show footage is wonderful and electrifying :
Here is Elvis in his prime rocking and rolling in front of 11.000 people. Highly recommended.
Tupelo's Own Elvis Presley
DVD Video with Sound.
Articles & Interviews
Elvis Articles
Latest Interviews
Elvis Interviews A-Z
Video & Audio
Contributors
Reviews
Elvis Reviews
Elvis CD Reviews
FTD CD Reviews
DVD & Blu-ray Reviews
Elvis Book Reviews
Elvis Reviews Central
Contributors
Elvis News
Elvis News
Elvis CD News
FTD News
Elvis DVD & Blu-ray
Elvis Book News
Vinyl Record News
Biography / Information
Elvis Presley Biography
Graceland
Elvis' Movies
Elvis SongDataBase
Elvis in the U.S. Army
The TCB Band
The Memphis Mafia
Colonel Tom Parker
The Lisa Marie Jet Airplane
Elvis Presleys Cars
Elvis' 1 Billion Record Sales
Elvis and the Events of 1977
Elvis History 1669-1977
Elvis & Racism
Elvis Charts
The Presley Family
Elvis Presley Biography
Lisa Marie Presley
Danielle Riley Keough
Benjamin Keough
Priscilla Presley
Vernon and Gladys Presley
Vernon Presley
Grandpa Jessie Presley
Minnie Mae Presley
Elvis' Family History
Graceland
Elvis Photos
Search
Tupelo's Own Elvis Presley DVD
Follow That Dream
FTD News
FTD List
FTD Shop
About Us
Elvis Australia was founded in 1996 ... www.elvis.com.au was
literally born from the concept of wanting to represent 'Elvis in Australia', so www.elvis.com.au ... Read more.
Information
Sitemap
About Us
Privcy Policy
Contact Us
Elvis Presley
Elvis Presley's songs are unforgettable - they have stood the test of time, especially his singles of the 1950s, a decade in which he had a song at No. 1. for 59 weeks and 4 No. 1 albums ('56-'59). Read More.
Where do I go from here?
Top of Page