http://www.artboomer.com/privacy.asp
We constantly endeavor to provide the best possible service
to you, our customers and business partners, while building a long lasting
relationship with you. To achieve these goals, we occasionally need information
about you when you visit our site.
ArtBoomer.com Inc. respects your right to privacy. When you visit
either the ArtBoomer.com web site, you may be
providing information to ArtBoomer.com Inc. on three different levels
about your visit:
*
Personal information you knowingly give us;
*
Information about your Company or Business registered on our site; and
*
Anonymous statistics collected as you browse the site.
The following is a brief explanation of how we handle this
information:
Personal Information
At ArtBoomer.com or any of our web
sites you may be required to give us personal information either on-line or
offline e.g. in order to place an order for services or advertising options.
This personal information may include your name, phone number, fax number,
email address, postal code, user ids and credit card information.
We do not:
*
Sell Personal information such as names, addresses,
contact information, and preferences of our customers/site users to outside
vendors.
*
Collect personal information from you unless you provide it to us.
We do
*
Maintain utmost confidentiality of all personal information provided to us.
*
Safeguard our customers' information from unauthorized access.
*
Collect, maintain and use customer information as
necessary to provide personalized products and services to meet customers'
needs.
*
Honor customers' requests to remove their names from
our telephone, fax, email and mail solicitation lists.
Registered Users and Company Profile
By registering on this web site,
only general information you provide to ArtBoomer.com is visible on this site, including your personal or
company's/business' profile, products, images, contact names and URLs. Your phone number, email, home address
will not be visible / accessible to anyone on the Internet unless this is desirable and specified by you in
the detailed description.
We collect and retain information pertaining to personal or
company/business profile, products, services, images, contact names, address and
URLs of our registered users. In order to provide you with
new products and services we may use this information in our mailing
lists, but only with your prior consent. If you do not wish to have your
information included in our mailing lists please indicate in the appropriate
locations on our web site.
We use the email address provided by you to communicate
with you and improve the content of our website, customize the content and/or
layout of our page for each individual visitor, notify consumers about updates
to our website and contact registered users for marketing purposes.
If you do not want to receive email from us in the future,
please let us know by sending us email webmaster@artboomer.com
Statistics Collected from your Visit
As you browse the site, ArtBoomer's
computer systems collect information about your visit (not about you
personally) via web server logs and browser cookie files. This is used to
monitor statistics such as:
*
How many people visit our site
*
Which pages people visit on our site
*
Domains from which people visit our site
*
Countries from which people visit our site
*
Types of browsers people use to visit our site
While we gather this information, none of it is associated
with you as an individual. We use these statistics to improve our Web site, to
monitor its performance, and to make it easier for you and other visitors to
use.
Links to Other Sites
As a visitor to ArtBoomer.com, you may be directed to other
sites that are beyond our control. There are links to other sites from
ArtBoomer.com that take you outside of our service. This could include bookstores,
social media sites, business service partners, or affinity marketing partners. These other sites
may send their own cookies to users, collect data or solicit personal
information. ArtBoomer.com Inc. are not responsible for the privacy
or other practices of such sites.
ArtBoomer.com Inc. always values your privacy.
Your information will be protected as described unless otherwise specified on
our web pages. We will use reasonable efforts to comply with this policy but
will not be liable to you for any failure to do so. If you feel that this site
is not following its stated privacy policy, you may contact us at the address,
email or phone number listed in the Contact Us section of our web site.
View Shopping Cart
my artboomer
Registered subscribers can login here
Member's Login
register event
If you are an event organizer or you would like to share info about new art show with the public you can register event here.
Add Show or Event
art categories
Browse online galleries by art categories here.
Art By Category
Search