https://www.theplace.org.uk/terms-and-conditions
Terms & Conditions
About The Place
Departments
Venue Hire & Events
History
Location
Contact
Vacancies
Help
Equality, Diversity and Inclusion Committee
We are 50
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions for use of this website:
1) This website and all materials within it are the property of Contemporary Dance Trust, trading as The Place (herein after referred to as The Place).
2) The Place will not be liable for any losses incurred by you in connection with your use of this website, for any delay in using or your inability to use the website, for any information or products obtained through the website or for any material posted to the website by users of the website.
3) The Place's website is for your own personal and non-commercial use. You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer or sell any information obtained from this website.
4) All contents of this website, including any software, are protected by intellectual property rights and other related rights. No part of this website may be reproduced in any form (electronically or otherwise) without the prior consent of the The Place other than temporarily in the course of using the site's shop or ticketing services.
5) You are not permitted to link to or use all or any part of The Place's website for any reason which is unlawful, defamatory, harmful obscene or objectionable and, in particular, you are not permitted to transmit anything which, in The Place's opinion, harms its business or in any way offends other users or persons.
6) You are also not permitted to alter The Place's website in any way or post onto or transmit to The Place's website, any material containing software viruses or files which may damage or disrupt the good working order of computer or telecommunications equipment.
7) The Place reserves the right to refuse or remove anything which is transmitted via or posted on The Place's website and which, in The Place's opinion, is objectionable or does not comply with these terms and conditions. The Place shall not in any way be liable for such actions.
8) The Place may record, preserve, trace and disclose anything which has been transmitted to, from or via The Place's website, where required by law or where The Place is acting in good faith. The Place's website may contain hyperlinks to websites operated by parties other than The Place. The operation of such websites is outside The Place's control and you proceed at your own risk. The Place does not endorse or sponsor and is not liable for the products, services or content you access through any linked site.
9) The Place will collect, use, store and disclose your personal details in accordance with our Privacy Policy. The Privacy Policy is accessed from The Place's website homepage. It is the intention of The Place that all terms of the Contract between the The Place and you are contained in these terms and conditions. If you wish to rely on any variation of these terms, you must ensure that such variation is in writing and signed by you and on behalf of The Place before any Contract is made. If any part of these terms and conditions are not enforceable then this will not affect the enforceability of any other part.
10) Visiting this site with your browser settings adjusted to accept cookies confirms your consent to our use of cookies as described in the Privacy Policy.
11) These terms and conditions and any Contract concluded incorporating these terms and conditions shall be governed by English Law and all disputes shall be submitted to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.
Terms and Conditions for visiting The Place's theatre:
1) The Place reserves the right to refuse admission, and The Place may also request any ticket holder to leave the venue before, during or after performances or events if it believes their presence is likely to cause nuisance, disturbance or threat to other patrons, the venue or its employees taking any such appropriate action which may be necessary to enforce this if it is necessary to do so.
2) The Place may also, on certain occasions, have to conduct security searches to ensure your safety.
3)  Every effort will be made by The Place to admit latecomers at a suitable break in the event or performance. It may not be possible to accommodate latecomers.
4)  The Place cannot permit food to be brought into the auditorium. Drinks may be brought into the auditorium in plastic cups, at the discretion of the Duty Manager.
5)  Mobile phones, pagers and watches must be silenced before entering the auditorium.
6) To be admitted you must be in possession of a valid ticket.
7) Where a specific age restriction is listed for an event, children under the specified age will not be admitted.
8) Strobe lighting, smoke effects gunshots and other special effects are sometimes used in productions; notices will be displayed in the box office and bar areas.
9) The Place or any permitted third parties may carry out general filming, sound recording and photography in or about the venue. By purchasing tickets you consent to you and your party being included, and the use or broadcast of such films and recordings without payment.
10) The Place will not be liable in any way if an event or performance is abandoned after more than half of it has taken place due to any factors which are beyond the The Place's reasonable control.
11) Should a performance or event be cancelled or abandoned when less than half of the performance has taken place refunds will be for the face value of the ticket only.
12) Customers with young children are advised to sit near an exit to allow for an easy departure should the child become uncomfortable during the performance. There are no refunds for patrons who need to exit the performance early.
13)  No photography or recording of any kind is permitted in the theatre.
14)  Patrons may not sit or stand in any gangways or on the stairs.
For information on concessions, group bookings, reservations and refunds and returns please see our ticketing policy here.
Terms and Conditions for Professional Class participants
1) Classes are for professional level dancers only. If the teacher feels this class is unsuitable for you, you may be asked to leave.
2) We do not offer refunds for our classes, refunds will only be given for an injury that is accompanied by a letter from your doctor.
3) For health and safety reasons we do not let any latecomers in.
4) If the class is full you will be added to a waiting list. If there are spaces at the start of the class we will allow you into the class.
5) Participants must leave the studio within 15 minutes of class ending, there are stretching zones available if you need to continue cooling down.
6) Some refunds may be considered but are subject to an administration fee.
7) Public observation is not allowed at any time.
8) All participants must sign in at the front desk before the class. If you have not paid for the class before the class begins you will not be able to attend.
9) For participants who have enrolled for the whole week you will only be required to sign in at the reception on the first class of the week.
Terms & Conditions
Accessibility; website
Our Service To You
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
The Place Theatre Ticketing Policy
Public complaints procedure
In this section:
About The Place
Departments
Venue Hire & Events
History
Location
Contact
Vacancies
Help
Equality, Diversity and Inclusion Committee
We are 50