https://www.patrickkavanaghcentre.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
General statement Patrick Kavanagh Centre fully respects your right to privacy, and will not collect or publish any personal information about you through this website without your clear permission. Any personal information which you volunteer will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality.Collection and use of personal information Patrick Kavanagh Centre does not collect any personal data about you on this website, apart from information which you volunteer (for example by e-mailing us, by using our online feedback form or by making a credit card booking). Any information which you provide in this way is not made available to any third parties, and is used by Patrick Kavanagh Centre only in line with the purpose for which you provided it.Collection and use of technical information This website uses temporary “session” cookies which enable a visitor’s web browser to remember which pages on this website have already been visited. If you use the ‘Remember me’ option when logging in to Patrick Kavanagh Centre website, a cookie is placed on your computer with an encrypted id to remember your credentials. No other information is stored in this cookie. Visitors can use this website with no loss of functionality if cookies are disabled from the web browser. Technical details in connection with visits to this website are logged by our internet service provider for our statistical purposes. No information is collected that could be used by us to personally identify website visitors. The technical details logged are confined to the following items:the IP address of the visitor’s web serverthe top-level domain name used (for example .ie, .com, .org, .net)the previous website address from which the visitor reached us, including any search terms usedGoogle analytics which shows the traffic of visitors around this web site (for example pages accessed and documents downloaded)the type of web browser and operating system used by the website visitor.Patrick Kavanagh Centre will make no attempt to identify individual visitors, or to associate the technical details listed above with any individual. It is the policy of Patrick Kavanagh Centre never to disclose such technical information in respect of individual website visitors to any third party (apart from our internet service provider, which records such data on our behalf and which is bound by confidentiality provisions in this regard), unless obliged to disclose such information by law. The technical information will be used only by Patrick Kavanagh Centre, and only for statistical and other administrative purposes. You should note that technical details, which we cannot associate with any identifiable individual, do not constitute “personal data” for the purposes of the Data Protection Acts, 1988 – 2003.Complaints about data processed via the website If you are concerned about how personal data is processed via this website, please do not hesitate to bring such concerns to Patrick Kavanagh Centre by contacting us using the appropriate details on our Contact Us page.Third Party Websites This privacy policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any website to which this website contains a link. The inclusion of a link on the website does not imply endorsement of the linked website by us. Additionally, we may provide you with access to third-party functionality that permits you to post content to your social media account(s). Please note that any information that you provide through use of this functionality is governed by the applicable third party’s privacy policy, and not by this privacy policy, and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.Glossary of technical terms used Web browser: The piece of software you use to read web pages. Examples are Google Chrome, Microsoft Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari and Opera.IP address: The identifying details for your computer, or your internet company’s computer, expressed in “internet protocol” code (for example 192.168.72.34). Every computer connected to the web has a unique IP address, although the address may not be the same every time a connection is made.Cookies: Small pieces of information, stored in simple text files, placed on your computer by a web site. Cookies can be read by the web site on your subsequent visits. The information stored in a cookie may relate to your browsing habits on the web page, or a unique identification number so that the web site can “remember” you on your return visit. Generally speaking, cookies do not contain personal information from which you can be identified, unless you have furnished such information to the web site. Thank You
Search for:
Recent Posts
Culture Night @ Patrick Kavanagh Centre
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks