http://www.simonv.com/about/privacy-policy.php
Music
Tutorials
Mastering
About
Privacy Policy
Information on the Collection of Personal Data and Contact Details of the Controller
We are pleased that you are visiting our website and thank you for your interest. In
the following, we inform you about the handling of your personal data when using our
website. Personal data is all data with which you can be personally identified.
The controller in charge for data processing on this website within the meaning of
the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is Simon Jarosch,
Email: . The controller in charge of the processing of personal
data is the natural or legal person who alone or jointly with others determines the
purposes and means of the processing of personal data.
Data Collection When You Visit Our Website
When using our website for information only, i.e. if you do not register or otherwise
provide us with information, we only collect data that your browser transmits to our
server (so-called "server log files"). When you visit our website, we collect the following
data that is technically necessary for us to display the website to you:
Our visited website
Date and time at the moment of access
Amount of data sent in bytes
Source/reference from which you came to the page
Browser used
Operating system used
IP address used (if applicable: in anonymized form)
Data processing is carried out in accordance with Art. 6 (1) point f GDPR on the basis of
our legitimate interest in improving the stability and functionality of our website. The
data will not be passed on or used in any other way. However, we reserve the right to
check the server log files subsequently, if there are any concrete indications of illegal
use.
Contacting
In the context of contacting us (e.g. via contact form or email), personal data is
collected. Which data is collected in the case of a contact form can be seen from the
respective contact form. These data are stored and used exclusively for the purpose of
responding to your request or for establishing contact and for the associated technical
administration. The legal basis for processing data is our legitimate interest in
responding to your request in accordance with Art. 6 (1) point f GDPR. If your contact is
aimed at concluding a contract, the additional legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 (1)
point b GDPR. Your data will be deleted after final processing of your enquiry; this is the
case if it can be inferred from the circumstances that the facts in question have been
finally clarified, provided that there are no legal storage obligations to the contrary.
Newsletter
If you subscribe to our email newsletter, we will send you regular information about
our offers. The only mandatory information for sending the newsletter is your email
address. The indication of additional possible data is voluntary and is used to be able to
address you personally. We use the so-called double opt-in procedure for sending the
newsletter. This means that we will not send you an email newsletter, unless you have
expressly confirmed to us that you agree to the sending of the newsletter. We will then
send you a confirmation email asking you to confirm that you wish to receive future
newsletters by clicking on an appropriate link.
By activating the confirmation link, you give us your consent to the use of your personal
data in accordance with Art. 6 (1) point a GDPR. When you register for the newsletter,
we store your IP address entered by the Internet Service Provider (ISP) as well as the
date and time of registration so that we can trace any possible misuse of your email
address at a later time. The data collected by us when registering for the newsletter will
be used exclusively for the purpose of advertising by means of the newsletter. You can
unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time via the link provided in the newsletter or by
sending a message to the responsible person named above. After your cancellation,
your email address will immediately be deleted from our newsletter distribution list,
unless you have expressly consented to further use of your data or we reserve the right
to use data in excess thereof, which is permitted by law and about which we inform you
in this declaration.
Based on our legitimate interest in personalized direct mail, we reserve the right to
store your first name. You can object to the storage and use of your data for this purpose
at any time by sending an appropriate message to the controller.
Duration of Storage of Personal Data
The duration of the storage of personal data is determined by the respective legal
retention period (e.g. commercial and tax retention periods). After expiry of this period,
the corresponding data will be routinely deleted, provided they are no longer necessary
for the performance or initiation of the contract and/or there is no longer any legitimate
interest on our part in the further storage.
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called cookies, which are text files stored on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookies about your use of this website (including the shortened IP address) is generally transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there.
This website uses Google Analytics exclusively with the anonymizeIP extension, which ensures an anonymization of the IP address by shortening it and excludes a direct personal relationship. As a result of the extension, your IP address will previously be shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or in other signatory states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address will be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. In these exceptional cases, processing is carried out in accordance with Art. 6 (1) point f) GDPR on the basis of our legitimate interest in the statistical analysis of user behavior for optimization and marketing purposes.
On our behalf, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide us with other services relating to website and internet use. The IP address transmitted by your browser in the context of Google Analytics is not merged with other Google data.
The anonymized event data is deleted in Google Analytics after 38 months.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, we should point out that in that case you might not be able to use the full functionality of this website. You may permanently refuse Google to collect data generated by cookies regarding the use of the website (including your IP address) and to process them. You can download and install the browser plugin available under the following link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
As an alternative to the browser plug-in or for browsers on mobile devices, please click on the following link in order to set an opt-out cookie which disables Google Analytics to collect data on this website in the future (this opt-out cookie only functions for this browser and this domain. If you delete your cookies on this browser, you must click again on this link):
Disable Google Analytics.
Google LLC, based in the United States, is certified for the US-European data protection agreement "Privacy Shield", which guarantees compliance with the data protection level applicable in the EU. More information on how Google Analytics handles user data can be found in Google's privacy policy at:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
Youtube Videos
This website uses the Youtube embedding function for display and playback of videos
offered by the provider Youtube, which belongs to Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre
Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google").
To this end, the extended data protection mode is used to ensure, according to provider
information, that user information will only be stored once the playback function of the
video is started. When the playback of embedded YouTube videos is started, the
provider sets "YouTube" cookies in order to collect information about user behavior.
According to indications from Youtube, the use of those cookies is intended, among
other things, to record video statistics, to improve user-friendliness and to avoid
improper actions. If you are logged in to Google, your information will be directly
associated with your account when you click on a video. If you do not wish to be
associated with your profile on YouTube, you must log out before activating the button.
Google saves your data (even for users who are not logged in) as usage profiles and
evaluates them. Such an evaluation takes place in particular according to Art. 6 (1) point
f GDPR on the basis of the legitimate interests of Google in the insertion of personalized
advertising, market research and/or demand-oriented design of its website. You have
the right to object to the creation of these user profiles, whereby you must contact
YouTube to exercise this right.
Regardless of whether the embedded video is played back, a connection to the Google
network "double click" is established when visiting this website. This may trigger further
data processing beyond our control.
Google LLC, based in the USA, is certified for the US-European data protection
agreement "Privacy Shield", which guarantees compliance with the data protection level
applicable in the EU.
Further information on YouTube data protection can be found in the provider's data
protection statement at: www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Rights of the Data Subject
The applicable data protection law grants you comprehensive rights of data
subjects (rights of information and intervention) vis-à-vis the data controller with regard
to the processing of your personal data, about which we inform you below :
Right of access by the data subject pursuant to Art. 15 GDPR
Right to rectification pursuant to Art. 16 GDPR
Right to erase ("right to be forgotten") pursuant to Art. 17 GDPR
Right to restriction of processing pursuant to Art. 18 GDPR
Right to be informed pursuant to Art. 19 GDPR
Right to data portability pursuant to Art. 20 GDPR
Right to withdraw a given consent pursuant to Art. 7 (3) GDPR
Right to lodge a complaint pursuant to Art. 77 GDPR
RIGHT TO OBJECT
IF, WITHIN THE FRAMEWORK OF A CONSIDERATION OF INTERESTS, WE PROCESS YOUR
PERSONAL DATA ON THE BASIS OF OUR PREDOMINANT LEGITIMATE INTEREST, YOU
HAVE THE RIGHT AT ANY TIME TO OBJECT TO THIS PROCESSING WITH EFFECT FOR THE
FUTURE ON THE GROUNDS THAT ARISE FROM YOUR PARTICULAR SITUATION.
IF YOU EXERCISE YOUR RIGHT TO OBJECT, WE WILL STOP PROCESSING THE DATA
CONCERNED. HOWEVER, WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO FURTHER PROCESSING IF WE CAN
PROVE COMPELLING REASONS WORTHY OF PROTECTION FOR PROCESSING WHICH
OUTWEIGH YOUR INTERESTS, FUNDAMENTAL RIGHTS AND FREEDOMS, OR IF THE
PROCESSING SERVES TO ASSERT, EXERCISE OR DEFEND LEGAL CLAIMS.
IF WE PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA FOR DIRECT MARKETING PURPOSES, YOU HAVE
THE RIGHT TO OBJECT AT ANY TIME TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
WHICH ARE USED FOR DIRECT MARKETING PURPOSES. YOU MAY EXERCISE THE
OBJECTION AS DESCRIBED ABOVE.
IF YOU EXERCISE YOUR RIGHT TO OBJECT, WE WILL STOP PROCESSING THE DATA
CONCERNED FOR DIRECT ADVERTISING PURPOSES.
Newsletter
Music & tutorials quarterly - secret track via email