http://www.wtamu.edu/library/about-us/policies.shtml
Skip to main contentOpen Menu
Find Menu
Overview
Articles
Books
Course Guides
Subject Guides
Databases A-Z
Journal Titles A-Z
Services Menu
Overview
For Students
For Faculty and Staff
For Community
Interlibrary Loan Request
Online Payment
About Menu
About Us
Get Involved
Events
Departments
Staff Directory
Policies
Help Menu
Overview
Tutorials
FAQ
Connecting from Off-Campus
Start Researching
Contact Menu
Make an Appointment
Email a Librarian
(806) 651-2215
Text: (806) 994-4227
Book a Space/Item Menu
Equipment
Individual Study Room
Small Group (2) Study Room
Large Group (2-5) Study Room
Calendar
My Library Account
Hours
Cornette Library
About Us
Policies
Policies
Borrowing Library Materials
Books and other library materials are checked out at the Research & Access Desk on the first floor of the Cornette Library.
The Research & Access Unit also handles course reserves, maintains the photocopiers, processes fines and lost books, and handles lost and found items.
The Research & Access Unit Staff will also help you renew your library books or find books which are not on the shelf.
Getting a Library Card
West Texas A&M University students, faculty, staff, and retirees are automatically registered to check out library material with your Buffalo Gold Card.
You must have your Buffalo Gold Card with you and present it at the Research & Access Desk in order to check out materials.
Other options are available for Friends of the Cornette Library and library users with TexShare cards.
Special cards are issued to the Destination WT and Amarillo High School International Baccalaureate students.
Checkout Periods
Table informs you of the loan period, the number of books you can check out, and the number of renewals by your category (e.g. faculty, staff, undergraduate, or graduate)
User GroupCheckout Period# of Books# of Renewals
Undergraduate Students, AHS Intl.
Bacc., Destination WT, Contract Labor21 days1005
Faculty, Retired Faculty, Faculty Emeriti, PTI, Staff, Retired Staff120 days1003
Friends of the Cornette Library120 days15 total, 5 IRC3
Graduate Students, GA, TA, RA, AAC, Thesis120 Days1000 Books due at end of semester (5/15, 8/15, 12/15)
TexShare, Camps, Continuing Ed., Visiting Scholars21 days20 total, 5 IRC5
Patron Groups
StaffStaff, Retired Staff, Grad Stud., Affiliates, & Dependents
StudentsUndergrads, AHS Intl. Bacc., Destination WT, Distance Ed., & Contract Labor
FacultyFaculty, Retired Faculty, Faculty Emeriti, PTIs, TAs, GAs, RAs, AACs, & Thesis
VisitorsTexshare, Camps, Continuing Ed., & Visiting ScholarsFriends Level 1Contributing
Friends Level 2Supporting, Sustaining, Patron, Benefactor, & Lifetime
Computer Use
Priorities For Use of Computers
All education, research, and administrative purposes of West Texas A&M University
Other uses indirectly related to West Texas A&M University purposes
General Rules for Use of Computers
Use computers and the computer network consistently with stated priorities. Those needing to use computers and the network for reasons consistent with the first priority will be given preference in access.
Do not use the network to violate any laws or other university policies, including policies stated in the Code of Student Life PDF document, the Faculty Handbook (see University's Faculty & Staff page), and the Texas A&M University System Policy Manual.
Community Use of Computers
WTAMU allows community members, when visiting Cornette Library, the privilege of using the Library's computers under the following conditions:
Access must be requested by completing the form which is available at the Research & Access Desk, on the date service is needed. To be granted access a guest should be at least 16 years of age, or be accompanied by a parent or legal guardian.
Guest access is available for only one (1) hour on the date requested. An additional hour may be given at the librarian's discretion.
Cornette Library reserves the right to ask community members to give up the computer they are using if that computer is needed by a currently enrolled student to complete an assignment.
Guest access may be monitored and revoked at any time and for any reason. Guests should have no expectation of privacy except as otherwise provided by applicable privacy laws.
Guests will be requested to provide name, email address, phone, photo ID, and sign a form acknowledging the above provisions.
Interlibrary Loan
Have you encountered an article or book for which you can't get the full text? We'll borrow it from another library for you through our service called Interlibrary Loan. Interlibrary Loan (ILL) is typically free of charge.
Ask a librarian for help, to make sure we truly don't have it.
Fill out an ILL request form.
We'll contact you by email or phone when it arrives
Articles may take up to a week. Books may take 2-3 weeks.
Lending Policies to Other Libraries
The Interlibrary Loan staff is committed to expanding the horizons of research for our faculty, staff and students.
We encourage any suggestions that will enhance the ability to meet this goal. Reciprocal agreements with other institutions are encouraged.
Lending Information
Provides necessary contact information for our Interlibrary loan service
CONTACT:Tanya Sorenson
TITLE:Library Associate I
ORG:West Texas A&M University
LIBRARY:Cornette Library
UNIT:Interlibrary Loan Office
PO BOX:60748 WT Station
CITY/STATE:Canyon, Tx
ZIP:79016-0001
VOICE:(806) 651-2406
FAX:(806) 651-2213
ARIEL:165.95.31.114
EMAIL:tsorenson@wtamu.edu
AFFILIATION:Amigos/BCR;
Harrington Library Consortium; TexShare
ACCEPT:OCLC; ALA forms
BILLING:Please send invoice with material; Please include FEIN with invoice
LOAN:One month use
RENEW:Variable
CHARGES:$0.00
NONCIRC:Sheffy collection/special collections; rare items; theses; video/audio; new acquisitions; books older than 1941
COPIES:$.10 per page above 50 pages
DISS:N/A
THESIS:Lack of author's permission and low staffing rate do not permit lending or copying
FAX:yes, no charge (within reason); please return the favor
Laptops
Eligibility
Current WTAMU students, faculty and staff only with Buff Gold CardLibrary record must be in good standing
Responsibilities
Patrons are responsible for knowing and following these Terms of Use.
Laptops may not leave the Library for any reason. Instructional Technology Services at (806) 651-7904 has laptops to use outside of the Library for faculty and staff only.
WTAMU Buffalo Gold ID card or current picture ID card must be presented.
Laptops may be checked out for two hours from the Research & Access Desk.
Laptops must be returned to the Research & Access Desk within two hours of check-out or before the library closes for the day, whichever comes first.
The patron is financially responsible and will be billed for the loss, theft and/or damage of a laptop and its accessories while the items are checked out to them. For this reason, NEVER leave a laptop unattended. Note:
The replacement cost is $2,000 or current market value plus a $25 processing fee. Patrons will be billed for unreturned or lost laptops.
Overdue fines will accrue at the rate of $15 per hour.
Users are expected to inform the Research & Access Unit staff of any problems with the laptops so that issues can be resolved in a timely manner.
Note:
The Registrar's Office will withhold diplomas, grades, and transcripts until all outstanding library charges are paid.
Restrictions
Unfortunately, we cannot extend this privilege to Friends of the Cornette Library, TAMU Affiliates, or dependents of WTAMU faculty and staff.
Only one laptop may be checked out at a time. Only the person who checked out the laptop may use it.
For group checkouts, please contact the Research & Access Unit (at (806) 651-2215, Monday-Friday 8:00am and 5:00pm) prior to the date the laptops are needed.
Laptops may be renewed at the Research & Access Desk. The laptop must be brought to the Research & Access Desk to be renewed.
Adding, deleting, or altering computer hardware/software or settings is prohibited.
Data cannot be stored on the laptops.
Priority is given to course-related use and patrons may be asked to yield to others with those needs. The use of these resources for commercial activity is prohibited.
Internet-based resources may be used for lawful purposes only. Violation of local, state or federal laws, such as those regarding pornography, copyright, theft, vandalism, violation of personal privacy, and unauthorized access to computing resources may result in arrest and/or prosecution.
All users agree to refrain from conduct which produces an intimidating, hostile or offensive work or study environment. WTAMU policies regarding sexual, racial and other forms of harassment, as well as standards of conduct for WTAMU students, faculty and staff are specified in the Texas A&M University System Policy and Regulation Manual, the West Texas A&M University Rules and Procedures, and the Rules for Responsible Information Technology Usage PDF document. Violation of WTAMU policies may result in penalties under University regulations.
Library Gifts
Cornette Library gladly accepts donations of books and other library materials.
Donors are asked to fill out a Gift Agreement Form.
All gifts are acknowledged with a thank you letter.
Library staff review books or materials to determine their appropriateness for our collections. Needed materials will be added to our collections. If not needed, materials will be returned to the donor, offered free to another entity, or placed on a free shelf in the library.
Cornette Library does not normally accept the following types of materials:
Textbooks
Popular Magazines
Damaged books or materials
Incomplete sets (except to complete existing sets)
Duplicate materials (except if use warrants, or to replace existing items in poor condition)
Medical or legal materials that are more than 5 years old
If you have any questions, please contact Gonda Stayton. gdstayton@wtamu.edu
Proxy Checkout
Faculty members at WTAMU may select an individual to be their proxy at the Cornette Library. This individual may borrow materials in the faculty member’s name. When an item is checked out by proxy, it shows up on the faculty member’s record – not the proxy’s.
The Cornette Library reserves the right to deny service to faculty and proxies with delinquent accounts.
Any questions concerning Proxy Checkout policy or procedure can be answered by the Research & Access Unit staff at (806) 651-2215.
Instructions for Faculty
A faculty member may choose one proxy patron to check out books on the faculty member’s patron record.
The faculty member must complete the Faculty Application Form for Proxy Checkout Permission each semester they wish to use a proxy.
The Research & Access Unit staff will email the faculty member when their Faculty Application Form for Proxy Checkout Permission has been processed.
This email will indicate that the proxy may begin checking out books for the faculty member. The Proxy Checkout Agreement will be attached to the email.
The proxy must complete and sign a Proxy Checkout Agreement each time they check out books for the faculty member.
Library materials are state property and the faculty member is wholly responsible for all materials checked out in their name by a proxy, with no exceptions.
Instructions for Proxy
The Proxy must show their own Buffalo Gold Card when checking out books for a faculty member.
The Proxy must sign a Proxy Checkout Agreement each time they check out items for a faculty member.
The Proxy Checkout Agreement will be emailed to the faculty member when their Faculty Application Form for Checkout Permission has been processed.
Copies of the Proxy Checkout Agreement are also available at the Research & Access Desk.
An itemized receipt of items checked out will be emailed to the faculty member.
Wireless Access
The IT department provides wireless access throughout the public areas of the library
The University and Library assume no responsibility for the safety and security of equipment or for wireless device configurations, security, or data files resulting from the connection to the University's network.
PLEASE don't leave your personal belongings unattended.
The Library is not responsible for lost or stolen laptops, bookbags, or any other item.
Wireless Services Provided by Group
StudentsProvide internet access, as well as authenticated and encrypted access to university online resources
Faculty and StaffProvide internet access, as well as authenticated and encrypted access to campus network drives and other online campus resources.
Community UsersProvide internet only access, with limited security. You must obtain a temporary username and password from the Library Services Desk on the first floor
Wireless Printing
You can print wirelessly at the library using Buff Print.
Coverage and Electrical Outlets
Wireless access is strongest in the public seating areas, and weakest in the middle of the stacks.
Electrical outlets are available throughout the Library. For safety reasons, keep power cords out of the public walkways.
Back to Top and main menu