http://www.isnnews.net/aboutisn/policy.shtml
About ISN
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement for ISN News
ISN News
has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our
firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information
gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site:
ISN News
Information Automatically
Logged
We use your IP address
to gather broad demographic information. We use this information
to find out how to best serve you, for example, by examining
browser type, operating system and screen resolution, we can
design the site to the provide maximum compatibility. We do
not share log information with any third parties.
Advertisers
We use an outside
ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain
cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site,
cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company,
and we do not have access to this information.
Personal Information
This Web site does
not request any personal information or collect any information
that personally identifies you or allows you to be personally
contacted.
Since we do not
collect any personal information on this Web site, we do not
share any personal information with any third parties nor do
we use any personal information for any purposes.
External Links
This site contains
links to other sites.
ISN News
is not responsible for
the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Public Forums
This site makes
chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available
to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed
in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise
caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Contacting the Web
Site
If you have any questions
about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your
dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
David.Boyd@isnnews.net
Generated by Privacy
Wizard
©
1997-2008 isnnews.net