http://www.ielts.org/book-a-test/ielts-complaints-policy
Cookies on the IELTS website
We use cookies to ensure that we give the best experience on our website. If you continue, we will assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on the IELTS website.
Continue
More about cookies
It appears that you are in the United States
View in English (United States)
Remain on current site
Home
Book a test
IELTS Complaints Policy
IELTS Complaints Policy
The IELTS Partners are committed to providing services to our customers to the highest global standard. We want to hear from you if you feel we haven’t met your needs, as complaints help us to improve our products, services and test takers’ experience. We strive to resolve any area of dissatisfaction or complaints that you have in a fair and timely manner.
How can complaints be made?
If your IELTS experience has not gone the way you expected, the first step is to speak with your test centre. In most cases your test centre will be able to resolve your issue directly. If you are unable to contact your test centre for any reason, you can contact us by following this link.
You should contact us as soon as possible with your complaint. The sooner we can start investigating your case, the easier it will be to gather all the information needed to provide a full response. Where possible, we encourage you to contact us with your complaint on the day of your test or prior to results release.
How do we deal with complaints?
We are committed to offering you the best service we can and work to resolve matters quickly and fairly. All complaints received are dealt with seriously and impartially.
Your complaint will be dealt with in the strictest confidence, in line with our Privacy Policy. Information about you will be shared internally, only as necessary to investigate the complaint. We will only disclose your information to third parties with your consent, or if we are legally required to do so.
Who can make a complaint?
A complaint may be made by the person who is affected by the action, or it may be made by a person acting on behalf of the person affected where that person is a child under 18.
What types of complaints do we deal with?
We welcome your contact about any IELTS service offered. This can include (but is not limited to):
an issue or inability to register for a test
an issue with the way the IELTS test was conducted on test day
inappropriate staff and/or examiner conduct
an unexplained delay in the release of results
a decision for a withheld result or malpractice outcome.
Complaint-handling principles
We are continually improving our services and, where possible, will address your complaint at the first point of contact. We will deal with your complaint as quickly as possible and you will be treated with fairness and courtesy at all times.
We recognise that some cases will need further investigation and if your complaint is referred to our Complaints Team, we will let you know we’ve received your complaint within five working days and will provide a full reply within 20 working days.
Where it is not possible to resolve your complaint within 20 working days, the Complaints Team will let you know and talk to you about a revised timeline for resolving the issue.
Making your Complaint
Complaints must be made using the prescribed form (available via the link above) within:
12 months of the incident you are complaining about; or
12 months after the date you became aware of the matter you are complaining about.
If there is a valid reason for not raising your complaint within the time frame detailed above and if it is still possible to investigate the complaint fairly and effectively, IELTS Partners may, in its absolute discretion, still consider your complaint.
All information provided by you in the course of the complaint will be handled in accordance with the IELTS Privacy Policy and will be kept for a period not exceeding seven years.
If you are dissatisfied with the handling of your complaint, an escalation point and next steps will be outlined in our response.
Please note: our Complaints Policy is subject to the requirements of laws in force at the test venue, including Consumer Protection laws and relevant legal proceedings.
Make a complaint
For complaints related to IELTS for UKVI or IELTS Life Skills you can also get in touch with us by telephone or post:
Contact phone number: +44 (0) 330 726 0186
Postal address:
British Council Customer Service UK
Bridgewater House
58 Whitworth Street
Manchester
M1 6BB