http://www.dculs.dcu.ie/cookies-policy/
Cookies PolicyHomeCookies Policy
Cookies
Cookies are small snippets of data a website may store on your computer to record basic information, such as visitor preferences. Cookies are used to track usage patterns, traffic trends, and visitor behavior. They are also sometimes used by online applications to improve user functionality.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies. You may set your browser to refuse cookies from any website that you visit, including the DCU website. You should note that if a user sets up his or her browser to reject the cookie, he or she may still use the website, but functionality may be impaired.
Collection and use of technical information
Cookies may be used by the DCU Language Services website to collect non-personal information about how visitors use our website or to remember display preferences. Temporary session cookies may also be used in some areas to enable specific functionality. Session cookies are deleted once you close your browser session.
Occasionally for the purposes of DCU online services we must pass some cookie information to third parties. These cookies may persist after your browser session has ended. This information will not include any of your personal data or information from which you will be readily identifiable. This information may be used for evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for DCU and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. It is stored and used in the aggregate only and is not used to obtain personal data or to contact you personally, but instead to improve website services. DCU actively seeks to preserve user privacy in any interaction with third parties.
Some areas within the DCU website use online data entry forms to collect personal information from web visitors who choose to identify themselves for the purpose of transacting e-commerce or receiving products, services, or information. Areas within DCU that collect data of any type are required to abide by our Privacy Statement. We request no more information than is required to fulfill the purpose for which the information is being collected.
Technical details in connection with visits to this website may be logged by the University’s internet service provider for accounting and auditing purposes. This technical information will be used only for statistical and other administrative purposes. You should note that technical details, which the University cannot associate with any identifiable individual, do not constitute `personal data’ for the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1988 and Data Protection (Amendment) Act 2003.
Our Cookies are categorised as follows
We use cookies to track your use of our website. This enables us to understand how you use the site and track any patterns with regard to how you are using our website. This helps us to develop and improve our website as well as products and / or services in response to what you might need or want.
Strictly Necessary:
Strictly necessary cookies allow core website functionality such as user login and account management. The website cannot be used properly without strictly necessary cookies.
Performance:
Performance cookies are used to see how visitors use the website, eg. analytics cookies. Those cookies cannot be used to directly identify a certain visitor
Targeting:
Targeting cookies are used to identify visitors between different websites, eg. content partners, banner networks. Those cookies may be used by companies to build a profile of visitor interests or show relevant ads on other websites.
Functionality:
Functionality cookies are used to remember visitor information on the website, eg. language, timezone, enhanced content.
Listed Cookies & Preference Options
Online Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Date: 25th May 2018
If you have any questions
FAQsContact Us
Menu