http://www.bluestraveler.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Blues Traveler Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from http://www.bluestraveler.com (the “Site”).
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
– “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
– “Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
– “Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
We collect information about visitors who comment on Sites that use our Akismet anti-spam service. The information we collect depends on how the User sets up Akismet for the Site, but typically includes the commenter’s IP address, user agent, referrer, and Site URL (along with other information directly provided by the commenter such as their name, username, email address, and the comment itself).
NEWSLETTER & EMAIL COLLECTION
We are providing you with the following information to explain the content of our newsletter as well as the registration, dispatch and statistical evaluation processes and your right of objection. By registering for our newsletter, you agree with the described processes and to the receipt of Blues Traveler emails.
We only send emails and other electronic notifications with advertising material (referred to hereinafter as the “newsletter”) with the consent of the recipients or legal permission.
Use of the email service provider “MailChimp”
The newsletter is sent and contacts are managed by “MailChimp”, a email marketing  platform .
The email addresses of our newsletter recipients and their further details described in this information are stored on the MailChimp servers. MailChimp uses this information to send and evaluate the newsletters on our behalf. MailChimp can by its own admission also use this data to enhance or improve its own services. However, MailChimp will not use the data of our newsletter recipients to contact them itself or forward it to third parties.
We trust the reliability, IT security and data security of MailChimp. MailChimp is certified under the US-EU data privacy agreement “Privacy Shield“ and agrees to comply with the EU data privacy guidelines. We have also concluded a “Data Processing Agreement“ with MailChimp. This is an agreement in which MailChimp is obligated to protect the data of our users, to process it in accordance with its privacy policy on our behalf and must not forward this information to third parties. You can view the MailChimp privacy policy here.
There are instances where we lead newsletter recipients to the MailChimp web pages, e.g. our newsletters contain a link which newsletter recipients can use to access the newsletters online (e.g. if there are issues with displaying the newsletter within your email). Newsletter recipients may also correct data such as their email address retrospectively. The privacy statement of MailChimp can also only be accessed on its site.
Please be aware that cookies are used on the MailChimp web pages for this purpose and personal data is therefore processed by MailChimp, its partners and the service providers it uses (e.g. Google Analytics). We have no influence on this data collection. You can find more information in the privacy statement of MailChimp. We would also like to refer you to the possibilities of opting out of data collection for promotional purposes on the websites http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ and http://www.youronlinechoices.com/ (for the European region).
OPT OUT
You may opt-out of receiving our newsletter at any time, i.e. withdraw your consent. This means you also no longer consent to the distribution of this newsletter via MailChimp and the statistical analyses. It is not possible to cancel the distribution via MailChimp or the statistical evaluation separately.
You can find a link to unsubscribe to the newsletter at the end of each Blues Traveler email.
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. For example, we use Shopify to power our online store–you can read more about how Shopify uses your Personal Information here: https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy. We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site–you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
BEHAVIOURAL ADVERTISING
As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.
You can opt out of targeted advertising by:
FACEBOOK – https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
GOOGLE – https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous
BING – https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at: http://optout.aboutads.info/.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
DATA RETENTION
When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at bluestraveler@castmgmt.com
Search for:
New Album