http://www.apgrd.ox.ac.uk/privacy-policy-and-cookies
Skip to main content
1 Home
3 Site map
4 Search
6 Help
0 Access keys
Privacy policy and cookies
This policy explains what types of personal information will be gathered when you visit the APGRD website, and how this information will be used. Please note that although this website provides links to other websites, this policy only applies to the APGRD's webpages (i.e. those encompassed by apgrd.ox.ac.uk).
Information collected
On some parts of the site, you may be asked to provide some limited personal information in order to enable the provision of certain services e.g. newsletter signup, events registration, etc.
By supplying this information you are consenting to the APGRD holding and using it for the purposes for which it was provided. Information provided will be kept only for as long as is necessary to fulfil that purpose and may be stored manually or electronically; it will then be deleted.
Personal information collected and/or processed by the APGRD is held in accordance with the provisions of the Data Protection Act 1998.
Cookies
When you visit some pages on the site, your computer may be issued with a small file (a "cookie") for the purposes of improving the services on the website. This cookie does not contain any personally identifying information. You can set your browser to refuse cookies or warn you before accepting them.
Please note that this website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"), to help analyse how this website is used. We use this information to improve the website in many ways, for example: to see which areas of the site are the most popular, or to work out which web browsers and platforms we need to support. To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
All of the information we gather in this way is aggregated and anonymised. If you have any queries about how we use the analytics service, please get in touch.
The official notice is as follows: Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. For more information please see Google Analytics.
How the information collected is used
Personal information provided to the APGRD by you will only be used for the purpose stated when the information is requested. Personal information will not be sold to third parties, or provided to direct marketing companies or other such organisations.
Demographical and statistical information about user behaviour may be collected and used to analyse the popularity and effectiveness of the APGRD's website. Any disclosure of this information will be in aggregate form and will not identify individual users.
Any queries or concerns about privacy on this website should be sent to the APGRD at