http://www.little-theatre.co.uk/privacy-policy.php
Home
About us
Our next production
Ticket information
Where we perform
Past productions
Corporate Patrons
Links
Message Board
Newsletter archive
Contact us
Little Theatre Company
Live theatre in the heart of Burton upon Trent
Privacy Policy & Cookies
This privacy policy sets out how Little Theatre Company uses and protects any information that you give Little Theatre Company when you use this website.
Little Theatre Company
is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Little Theatre Company
may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 1st September 2012.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers and team management.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
We sometimes place small data files on your computer. These are known as cookies. Most websites do this.
They improve things by:
remembering settings, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you visit a new page
measuring how you use the website so we can make sure it meets your needs
These cookies aren’t used to identify you personally. They’re just here to make the site work better for you. Indeed, you can manage and/or delete these small files as you wish. We do not store any personal information in the cookies - nor do we place any cookies relating to advertising on the website.
To learn more about cookies and how to manage them, visit
AboutCookies.org. Or please read on to find out more about how and where we use cookies.
Measuring website usage (Google Analytics)
We use Google Analytics to collect information about how people use this site. We do this to make sure it’s meeting its users’ needs and to understand how we could do it better.
Google Analytics stores information about what pages you visit, how long you are on the site, how you got here and what you click on. We do not collect or store your personal information (e.g. your name or address) so this information cannot be used to identify who you are. We do not allow Google to use or share our analytics data with third parties. You can get more information on the cookies that Google Analytics stores in your browser at this link.
Highlighting menus and logging onto the website
If you log into this website (to administer the content, comment on a blog, carry out a purchase etc) then we store any details that we need to on our server. To link your "session" data on our server with your browser session a small cookie is placed in your browser - containing an anonymised link to the session. As soon as you close your broswer this session cookie is deleted.
We determine that both these types of cookies are essential to the running of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@little-theatre.co.uk
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please email
info@little-theatre.co.uk.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
We're on Facebook and Twitter
Twitter:
@LTC_in_Burton
Facebook:
LittleTheatreCo
Corporate Patrons
Little Theatre Company is grateful to all our patrons and sponsors. Please take some time to visit their websites and support them.
Featured corporate patron:
Black Swan Financial Services Ltd
www.blackswan.uk.com01283 567200
© 2000-2020 Little Theatre Company  All rights reserved.  Registered Charity 1072000         Site map | Privacy Policy & CookiesWebsite design by Peter Bourne Communications