http://www.chapelchoir.co.uk/privacy-cookies/
Privacy PolicyHome
Privacy, data protection and cookies
Your right to privacy is important to us.
The following terms are provided to explain how we collect and use information about you so that you can make an informed choice about using the Royal Holloway website.
Personal privacy and data protection
Royal Holloway, University of London is keen to strike a fair balance between your personal privacy and ensuring that you obtain full value from the products and services it provides, while ensuring that it complies with all protection the Data Protection Act 2018 ('the Act') affords to you. Royal Holloway, University of London will hold and process your personal data securely in accordance with the Act, under which it is registered.
Collection and use of personal data
Personal data is not stored nor captured through the Website without the prior knowledge and consent of Users.
The Act gives you a number of rights, including the right to know what personal information Royal Holloway, University of London holds about you and the right to access this information. Please contact the College Secretary’s Office: dataprotection@royalholloway.ac.uk.
Read the college’s data protection policy
Cookies, and how we use them
The Royal Holloway website uses cookies, a small piece of information stored on your computer in the form of a file, to facilitate access to restricted areas and to monitor usage by tracking which URLs are accessed and the sequence in which they are accessed.
How to manage your cookies
Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but you can alter the settings of your browser to erase cookies or prevent automatic acceptance if you prefer. Usually you have the option to see what cookies you’ve got and delete them individually, block third party cookies or cookies from particular sites, accept all cookies, be notified when a cookie is issued or reject all cookies. Visit the ‘options’ or ‘preferences’ menu on your browser to change settings, and check the following links for more browser-specific information.
View how to manage cookies in the most popular browsers below:
Google Chrome
Microsoft Edge
Mozilla Firefox
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Opera
Apple Safari
Cookies the Royal Holloway website uses
Functional cookies
From royalholloway.ac.uk
Cookies: cookieconsent_status, online.open.day.video.viewed
Cookies that ensure the user is not repeatedly presented with content they have already seen, for example the cookie notification banner.
Unibuddy
From unibuddy.co
Cookies: mp_e9a59680aa5ae8a896c08d61ee24712a_mixpanel
We use the Unibuddy platform to provide prospective students with the opportunity to chat with our current students using instant messaging. This is a functional cookie that is used to provide that experience.
Click4Assistance
From click4assistance.co.uk
We use live chat software on our website provided by Click4Assistance, a 3rd party UK based software company. Information regarding how the data is processed and stored can be viewed on the Click4Assistance website.
Analytical Cookies
From royalholloway.ac.uk
Cookies: _ga, _gat_UA-16957033-21, _gcl_au, _gid
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our website. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the website. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the website, where visitors have come to the website from and the pages they visited. Please see the Google website for more information on these cookies.
Google
From google.com and google.co.uk
Cookies: 1P_JAR, CONSENT, NID
Cookies set and used by Google to gather website statistics, record preferences such as preferred language) and track conversion rates.
Doubleclick
From doubleclick.net
Cookies: IDE, test_cookie
Advertising cookies on non-Google sites stored in browsers under the domain doubleclick.net. Please see the Google website regarding the usage of doubleclick cookies.
SilverPop
From royalholloway.ac.uk
Cookies: com.silverpop.iMA.page_visit, com.silverpop.iMA.session, com.silverpop.iMAWebCookie
These cookies track a user’s journey through the site if they have accessed it from one of our marketing emails. They allow us to identify whether the email marketing has been successful and of interest to the user and allow us to tailor our communications.
AddToAny / AddThis
From addthis.com and royalholloway.ac.uk
Cookies: __atuvc, __atuvs, loc, uvc, xtc, mus, na_id, ouid
AddThis is used on some pages to provide visitors with social interaction capabilities. We have configured our AddThis button not to use non-Analytics cookies, however, it does feed into our Google Analytics data. You can increase your privacy by opting out of their advertising system, by visiting the AddThis policy webpage.
Twitter
From twitter.com
Cookies: Guest_id, personalization_id
This cookie is related to Twitter integration and social sharing. Please see Twitter’s cookie policy for further information.
Facebook
From facebook.com and royalholloway.ac.uk
Cookies: Fr, _fbp, [blank cookie name]
This is used to track Royal Holloway advertising within Facebook. Please see Facebook's cookie policy for further information.
YouTube
From youtube.com
Cookies: VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE, PREF, YSC, GPS
We embed videos from our official YouTube channel. These videos use cookies in order to recall a person’s personal preferences. To find out more regarding YouTube’s cookie policy, please see the Google cookies page (its parent company).
Akerolabs
From akerolabs.com
Cookies: __cfduid, __ak, __vuid-5ba1142101d8fcb609555ec4, __ak_visit, __ak_ct
We use Akerolabs to capture contact details of people that might be interested in finding out more about us. These cookies are used to monitor the success of those campaigns. Information regarding these cookies can be found on the Akerolabs cookie page.
Yahoo
From yahoo.com
Cookies: B
This cookie is used to collect anonymous data regarding the user's website visits, including the number of visits, what pages have been loaded and average time on the site. The data is then used to categorise the users' interest and demographical profiles with the purpose of improving the website content.
Log files
Continuous logs are kept of requests received by the Royal Holloway website’s web servers as it is accessed. These logs are used to analyse usage of the Website.
Logs are maintained both by Royal Holloway and third parties contracted by Royal Holloway who specialise in monitoring and analysing website usage. Royal Holloway also uses Google Analytics to analyse use of its website.
Each log entry includes the internet protocol (IP) address of the client used (typically, though not necessarily, the IP address of the personal computer used), the type of client used (typically, though not necessarily, the type and version of web browser used), the URL of the page (or object) requested, the URL of the previous page (or object) requested (known as the 'referrer' and could relate to this the Royal Holloway website or another), and the reference number stored in a cookie created by the Royal Holloway website (if one exists). Royal Holloway logs additionally contain the username used to access restricted areas of its website. This username is not collected by nor shared with third parties.
Royal Holloway is only able to link log entries to individuals where it holds personal data that can be associated with log entries using IP address, username, or reference number from cookies. This is only possible in relation to users connected directly to the Royal Holloway, network (i.e. using a Royal Holloway IP address) and users using a Royal Holloway account (i.e. using a Royal Holloway username).
User names and passwords
You are solely responsible in all respects for all use of and for protecting the confidentiality of any username and passwords that may be given to you or selected by you for use on the Royal Holloway website. You may not share these with or transfer them to any third parties.
You must notify us immediately of any unauthorised use of them, or any other breach of security regarding the Royal Holloway website that comes to your attention.
Cookies UsedStrictly Necessary CookiesThese cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.
You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
CategoriesProviderCookiesAllow CookiesThis cookie is used to determine whether the user allows cookies or not.e4educationcookiesAllowedTargeting CookiesThese cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.
They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
CategoriesProviderCookiesVimeoWe use Vimeo to embed videos onto our website. These cookies are used by Vimeo to collect analytics tracking information. Some of these cookies are used by Vimeo to track information about how the Vimeo service is being used, so Vimeo can make improvements and report on performance.vimeo.com, player.vimeo.complayervuid__utma__utmc__utmz__utmt__playercontinuous_play_v3YouTube VideosThis cookie is set by the YouTube video service and aims to limit repeat advertising and deliver more relevant advertising to you.youtube.comGPSVISITOR_INFO1_LIVEYSCPREFremote_sidIDE
HomeAboutMediaJoin UsNews & EventsContact
Cookie Policy This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. Click here for more informationAllow CookiesDeny Cookies