http://www.suffolk.edu/about/mission-history/policies-procedures/internet-privacy-policy/cookie-policy
This website uses cookies as well as similar tools and technologies to understand visitors' experiences. By continuing to use this website, you consent to Suffolk University's usage of cookies and similar technologies, in accordance with the Suffolk University Cookie Policy.
Close
Skip Navigation
Find a Program
After typing a search term, you may arrow down to select common related searches.
Accounting Programs
Advertising, Public Relations, & Social Media
Art & Design
Big Data & Business Analytics Programs
Biochemistry
Biology
Business Economics
Business Law & Ethics
Chemistry
Communication, Journalism, & Media
Computer Science
Crime & Justice Studies
Disability Services
Economics
Education
English
Environment & Sustainability
Executive MBA (EMBA)
Finance
Financial Wealth Management
Healthcare Administration Programs
History
Information Systems & Operations Management
Interdisciplinary Programs
Juris Doctor
Management & Entrepreneurship
Management Studies
Marketing
Mathematics
MBA Programs
Philosophy
Physics
Political Science & Legal Studies
Psychology
Public Administration
Radiation Science & Radiation Therapy
Sociology & Criminal Justice
Strategy & International Business
Taxation
Theatre
World Languages & Cultural Studies
View all Degrees and Programs
Undergraduate Programs
Graduate Programs
Law Programs
Search:
Home
About
Academics
Admission
Student Life
Alumni
COVID-19 Info
Visit
Apply
Give
College & Schools
College of Arts & Sciences
Sawyer Business School
Suffolk University Law School
Madrid Campus
Info for
Prospective Undergrad Students
Prospective Graduate Students
Prospective Law Students
Current Undergraduate Students
Parents and Families
Quick Links
Athletics
MySuffolk
WebAdvisor
Blackboard
Email
Offices & Services
Career Services
Libraries & Archives
Academic Calendar
Staff Directory
Workday
Suffolk 2025
COVID-19 Updates
How Suffolk University is responding
to the coronavirus outbreak
Home
About Suffolk University
Mission Statement
Policies & Procedures
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
About Suffolk University
In this Section
Mission Statement
Policies & Procedures
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
European Union (EU) Privacy Disclosures
We use cookies on our University websites for a number of purposes. They help us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website, and also allow us to improve our site. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive.
We use the following cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of the e-billing services.
Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users find what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognize you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them below.
First-party (Suffolk University) cookies
This website will set some cookies that are essential for the website to operate correctly. These cookies, none of which capture personally identifiable information, are as follows:
Visitor ID – this cookie is a numeric value that identifies unique visitors and provides coherence and consistency to a site visit;
Session ID – this cookie identifies your website session;
Third-party cookies
Our websites will set several types of third-party cookie, and we do not control the operation of any of them. The third-party cookies which may be set include:
Google Analytics – we use Google Analytics to collect data about website usage. This data does not include personally identifiable information. You can view the Google Privacy Policy here.
Google Remarketing – we use Google’s Remarketing cookie to market products and services we think may be of interest to you. You may see our adverts on Google’s Display Advertising Network of partner websites and Google’s own search results pages. We aim to carefully select the products and services we remarket to you, and do so based on the pages you have visited on our website. To opt out of Google Remarketing, set your Google Ad Settings.
YouTube – we use YouTube for events such as playing videos that listens for played paused and ended videos. These cookies are only installed when you press play. You can view the Google Privacy Policy here.
You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.
Managing Cookies
Within your browser settings you can choose whether your wish to accept cookies or not. Different browsers make different controls available to you and so we provide links below to popular manufacturers’ instructions on how you can do this. Generally, your browser will offer you the choice to accept, refuse or delete all cookies at all times, or those from providers that website owners use (“third party cookies”), or those from specific websites.
Google Chrome
Internet Explorer
Firefox
Safari
Safari Mobile
Opera