https://www.discworldemporium.com/content/3-terms-and-conditions-of-use
Currencies are for browsing purposes only. Note: all transactions will be processed with sterling currency.
home > Terms and ConditionsTerms & Conditions(A NOTE FROM THE AUDITORS...)This website (www.DiscworldEmporium.com) is owned and operated by and on behalf of Discworld Emporium Limited. By using our website you agree to the terms and conditions ("Terms") outlined below. If you do not agree to these Terms, you must cease using and accessing this Website.These terms and conditions together with our Privacy Policy or any other policy referred to in these apply to your use of and access to this Website. These Terms will apply to any contract between us for the sale of any product including any order placed by you for any product over the Website.Your use of our Website is governed by these Terms and our Privacy Policy or any other policy referred to in these terms and conditions. You agree that the information you provide when placing an order is true and accurate in all respects. We only use your personal information for the purposes detailed in our Privacy Policy (eg processing and managing orders, accounts and payments).For more information on how we use your personal details, please read our Privacy Policy here: https://www.discworldemporium.com/content/5-privacy-securityDiscworld Emporium reserves the right to update or modify these Terms and Conditions at any time without prior notice. Your use of the Discworld Emporium website following any such changes constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy at the time of use. For this reason, we encourage you to review these Terms and Conditions whenever you use this website.Please read these Terms carefully and make sure that you understand them before ordering any product from our Website. You should save or print a copy of these Terms for future reference.Usage restrictions and intellectual propertyAll our products and associated material, and all content you see and hear on this site, including all page headers, images, illustrations, graphics, sound and video clips, and text are subject to trademark, service mark, copyright and/or other intellectual property rights or licenses held by Discworld Emporium or by third parties who have licensed their materials to Discworld Emporium. The entire content of the Discworld Emporium website is copyrighted as a collective work under UK copyright laws.The content of the Discworld Emporium website, and the site as a whole, are intended solely for the personal use by the users of our site. You may download, print or store selected portions of the content, provided you (1) only use these materials for your own personal, noncommercial use, (2) do not copy or post the content on any network computer or broadcast the content in any media, and (3) do not modify or alter the content in any way, or delete or change any copyright or trademark notice.No right, title or interest in any content or materials is transferred to you as a result of any such activities. Discworld Emporium reserves complete title and full intellectual property rights in any content you download, reproduce, print, redistribute or store from this website.Except as noted above, you may not copy, download, reproduce, modify, publish, redistribute, retransmit, publicly display, publicly perform or create derivative works from the content without first obtaining written permission from Discworld Emporium.While the resale of our products as unwanted gifts or second-hand items on auction sites or classified ads is generally accepted, items sold on the secondary market must have been purchased for personal use and be classified as such, i.e. not listed as 'brand new'. Our right to distribute our products is exclusive, and the unlicenced redistribution of our products for commercial gain without permissions and credit to Discworld Emporium is strictly forbidden. We therefore reserve the right to restrict or refuse sales to customers suspected of purchasing multiple items for immediate resale, or from any such commercial activity that may mislead customers or detract from our business.Supply of goods and product specificationsBy clicking "Submit" on the Shopping Cart page or by ordering goods off-line, you are confirming that you are purchasing the goods and that you will pay for them in full. The order acknowledgement we send you on receipt of your order is simply a confirmation of intent, and not a guarantee of supply of goods. The payment process and ackowledgment of an order do not consitute a legally binding contract and we therefore the retain the right to cancel orders until the point of delivery.If you have ordered more than one item and not all of the items are available for immediate shipment, we may ship the available item or items, then ship the remainder of your order as soon as possible.Bulky orders may be split and items from the same order may arrive separately. If you wish to stipulate any conditions, these must be stated clearly in the comments form at checkout at the time of ordering.Due to postal weight restrictions, and as a damage prevention measure, we will split heavy or bulky orders into separate consignments. Consignment numbers will be indicated on the packaging (eg. Package 1 of 2). Due to the complexities of the postal system separate consigments will likely arrive at different times.Your country may request payment of taxes or charges to release your order - we are not reponsible for these charges, and are not liable for replacing or refunding missing or returned orders due to missed payments. The recipient is responsible for paying any duty or taxes owed due to the customs requirements of the destination country. If your order has not been delivered in 30 days (40 Days for Canada) 60 days due to covid-19 disruption from the placement of your order we will, on your request, replace your items, or refund in full any payment you have made and cancel your order as is standard legal practice for EU retailers. After the final day there is a 7 day window with which to claim a refund/replacement. After this time we cannot accept any responsibility for investigating, refunding, or replacing a missing order.ORDERS BOUND FOR AREAS AFFECTED BY POSTAL STRIKE ACTION CANNOT BE GUARANTEED. It is the buyer's responsibilty to ensure that the correct delivery address is entered when placing an order, and to check their delivery address for errors before submitting an order. We will not replace items lost due to incomplete/inaccurate delivery addresses. We cannot always remedy incorrect addresses prior to shipping regardless of how quickly we are notified.We reserve the right to refuse or cancel orders bound for destinations that we know to be problematic regarding delivery.Our shipping contract is with Royal Mail and Royal Mail's official delivery partners only. Third party mail & freight forwarding companies are not included under this customer contract; and the use of such companies nullifies our delivery responsibilities to the customer. The shipping address is considered the final destination and the intended recipient should be able to receive the parcel at the stated destination. The Discworld Emporium is not responsible for damage, defect, material difference, or loss that occurs to goods delivered via a third party freight forwarder. We are not able to provide a replacement of, or refund for, any goods delivered to a third party freight forwarder. Customers using forwarding companies do so at their own risk and we reserve the right to cancel orders suspected to be sent via this method.Your postman/courier should leave a note for collection if they were unable to deliver. It is the customer's responsibility to check with their local depot/post office for any missed deliveries. Orders returned to us marked as 'unclaimed' may incur another postage charge to resend. If a refund is prefered in these circumstances then we will not refund the original postage.We list product specifications as accurately as we can. However, manufacturers may change product specifications without notice. Discworld Emporium cannot be held responsible for such changes or errors or omissions resulting from incorrect specification information.We will not be liable for any consequential losses you may incur because we have failed to supply goods you have ordered or because goods we have supplied have caused damage for any reason, including misuse, delivery damage, or manufacturing defects.Special products and special offers are limited in supply. We reserve the right to withdraw these at any time. We cannot be held responsible if a special product or special offer is unavailable at the time you place your order.CancellationsOur shipping time is from the day after the order is placed, though we sometimes ship the same day. Therefore cancellations must be requested immediately to stand the best chance of cancellation, though we cannot guarantee to address cancellation requests before an order has been processed or shipped. If your order has already been processed or shipped, you may return the item/s within 14 days after receipt to qualify for a refund. At this present time we do not have the facility for customers to cancel their own orders so cancellation requests must be made via our contact form, by email at shop@discworldemporium.com or by telephone at 01963 824686. We cannot reimburse return postage costs for cancelled orders.  Pre-orders may be cancelled at any time up until the day of release or availability stated on the product page. We reserve the right to cancel orders until the point of delivery.Returns PolicyIf an item received is the wrong size, arrives damaged, faulty or in any other unsatisfactory condition we will issue a full refund or replacement if the item is returned to us within 60 days of reciept. We will also credit your return postage for damaged/faulty items if provided with evidence of a postage receipt. If anything is missing from your order then let us know as soon as possible and we will send a replacement immediately, or refund your account within a few days should the item be out of stock.Items returned as unwanted, duplicate gifts or surplus to requirements through no fault of our own must be returned in perfect, unopened condition within 60 days of reciept to qualify for a full refund. We cannot reimburse return postage costs for non-defective merchandise.Pricing policyWe are obliged to charge in pounds sterling and all our products are listed in GB currency. Your card provider will convert this into your home currency on your card statement. We only accept cheques in Sterling, for which the Mimimum spend is £10.00We list prices as accurately as we can. However, we cannot be held responsible for incorrect price listings. In the event a Discworld Emporium product is listed at an incorrect price due to typographical error or systems error, Discworld Emporium shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Discworld Emporium shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, Discworld Emporium shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.Colours, finish, and presentationWe have done our best to display as accurately as possible the colours and presentation of the products shown on the Discworld Emporium website. However, because the colours and finish you see will depend on photographic and viewing conditions, we cannot guarantee that colours will display accurately on your device. When necessary we reserve the right to change our packaging before amending our images. Hand made/painted/assembled items may vary, and there may be minor differences between the same product.Correction of errors and inaccuraciesThe information of the Discworld Emporium website may contain typographical errors or inaccuracies and may not be complete or current. We therefore reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change and update information at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order). Please note that such errors, inaccuracies or omissions may relate to product description, pricing and availability. We apologise for any inconvenience this may cause you. If you are not fully satisfied with your Discworld Emporium purchase you may return it in accordance with our returns policy.Term and terminationThese terms and conditions are legally binding between the customer and Discworld Emporium and applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any of them, may be terminated by Discworld Emporium without notice at any time for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.Enforcement of terms and conditionsBy accessing and using the Discworld Emporium website, you agree that your access to and use of the Discworld Emporium website is subject to these Terms and Conditions, as well as all applicable laws, as governed and interpreted pursuant to the laws of the United Kingdom.IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Discworld Emporium, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorney's fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your internet account.Third party linksIn an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Discworld Emporium may choose various third-party websites to link to from its own site. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Discworld Emporium, Discworld Emporium has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Discworld Emporium. Discworld Emporium has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions and is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. None the less, Discworld Emporium seeks to protect the integrity of its website and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).DisclaimerThis site and the materials and products in this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. to the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Discworld Emporium disclaims warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringemnt. Discworld Emporium does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Discworld Emporium does not make any warranties or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. the above limitations may not apply to you.LiabilityWe shall have no liability to you for any failure or delay in supply or delivery or for any damage or defect to goods supplied or delivered hereunder or for any other liability, in each case that is caused by any event or circumstance beyond our reasonable control (including, without limitation, accidents, extreme weather conditions, fire, explosion, flood, storm, earthquake, natural disaster, failure of telecommunications networks, inability to use transport networks, mechanical failures, acts of God, terrorist attack, war, civil commotion, riots, strikes, lockouts and other industrial disputes, acts or restraints of Government, and imposition or restrictions of imports or exports).Discworld Emporium shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if Discworld Emporium has been advised of the possibility of damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.The Discworld Emporium is not responsible for damage, defect, material difference, or loss that occurs to goods delivered to the third party mail and freight forwarding services. Therefore we are not able to provide a replacement of, or refund for, any goods delivered to a third party freight forwarder.Customers using forwarding companies do so at their own risk.Contact Discworld EmporiumWe can be contacted by post at Discworld Emporium, The Discworld Emporium 41 High St, Wincanton, Somerset, BA9 9JU, England. UK, by email at shop@discworldemporium.com or by telephone at 01963 824686, during weekdays from 10.00am to 5.00pm. Join our mailing list:and keep up to date with our latest products & goings-on!
Sign me up!
or follow us on: