https://www.thebachchoir.org.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Musical Director David Hill MBE
President John Rutter CBE
Patron HRH The Prince of Wales
Register
News
Concerts
Home
About
Choir
Musical Director
President
Conductor Laureate
Vice-Presidents
News
Concerts
Sing With Us
Why Join The Choir?
Apply For An Audition
FAQ
Outreach
Outreach
About The Bach Choir Outreach Project
Outreach News
The Young Singers
Arts Award
Media
Photos
Audio
Videos
Reviews
Hire The Choir
Support Us
How Can You Help?
Become A Friend
Become A Donor
Corporate Support
Legacy Giving
Shop
Recordings
Hire Music
Contact
Terms & Conditions
General
The information, artwork, text, video, audio, pictures, software and other intellectual property (collectively, Materials) contained on the Website are protected by copyright and international laws. You may only access and use the Materials for personal use. You may not otherwise reproduce, distribute, publicly perform, publicly display, modify or create derivative works of the Materials (or authorise others to) for commercial gain, unless authorised by the appropriate copyright owner(s).
Framing of the Website is permitted only with The Bach Choirs express agreement, and any stipulation on how the framing will be displayed or made available on any third party site shall be at The Bach Choirs sole discretion. The Bach Choir reserves the right to withhold consent for any reason and any failure to monitor or control each instance of framing shall not be considered a waiver of any of The Bach Choirs rights. Any framing by a third party shall not imply the endorsement or sponsorship of The Bach Choir.
You expressly agree that use of the Website and related services is at your sole risk. The Website, Materials and related services are provided on an as is and as available basis.The Bach Choir makes no representations or warranties with regard to the Website or any Materials therein, whether express or implied, arising by law or otherwise, including, without limitation, any implied warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement or any implied warranty arising out of course of performance, course of dealing or usage of trade.
By using the Website, Materials or related services, you agree thatThe Bach Choir will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature whatsoever and howsoever arising out of or in connection with the viewing, use or performance of the Website, Materials or related services whether due to inaccuracy, error, omission or any other cause.
The Bach Choirreserves the right to change any content on this Website, including but limited to revising and/or deleting or adding features or information without prior notice to users, if, however, you have any queries or comments about this Website and/or its content please let us know by sending us an email on genman@thebachchoir.org.uk. By using this Website you agree to the Terms of Use.The Bach Choir reserves the right to prevent access to any user who is found to be in breach of these Terms of Use.
If any provision of these Terms of Use is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be struck out and the remaining provisions shall be enforced.
Links
This Website may contain links to other Websites.The Bach Choir is not responsible for or liable for the content or Terms of Use and practises of other Websites. All external Websites are accessed at the users own risk.
Cookies
Please visit our Cookie Information page for information on how cookies are used on this website.
Purchasing and Financial
The purchasing of products from The Bach Choir is handled through the external parties, namely Amazon and iTunes. We do not collect any billing information on this website. Any of these various third parties are authorised to use your financial information in accordance with our contractual arrangements with such third parties and in accordance with their own privacy policies, over which we have no control.
Use By Children
If you are under the age of 16 you should obtain the consent of your parents or legal guardians for submitting any personal information to this Website.
Children under the age of 13 should not submit any personal information without the written consent of their parents or legal guardian. If you are a child under 13 and want to submit personal information to us please ask your parent or legal guardian to send us an email at genman@thebachchoir.org.uk specifying that they consent to us collecting your personal information through this Website. Parents or legal guardians may review or change the personal information of their children or refuse further collection of any such information by sending an email to us atgenman@thebachchoir.org.uk.
Forwarding Web Pages
If we provide you with the opportunity to email a web page to another person, we will need to collect your email address and the email address of those to whom you send the page. We will use the email addresses collected this way for no other purpose expect to send the web page, and the addresses will be deleted once the page has been sent unless you have opted in to receive information and promotions from us as set out above using the same email address, in which case we will retain your email address for this purpose unless and until you notify us that you wish to stop receiving information.
Third Party
When we include links to other internet sites, on this site and in our newsletters and other communications, we do so solely as a convenience to our visitors. Operators of such linked sites may acquire personal information about you through registration procedures or other means and may use that information in accordance with their own privacy policies, over which we have no control. Your access and use of linked sites is solely at your own risk.
Your Security
Whenever we obtain your personal information we take reasonable precautions to protect it from unauthorised access or disclosure, but we cannot act as insurers of the security of your personal information transmitted over the internet. Accordingly, we assume no liability for any disclosure of data due to errors in transmission, unauthorised third party access or other acts of third parties, or acts or missions beyond our reasonable control.
And Finally
The Bach Choir may make changes to this terms and conditions and privacy policy from time to time but will not change the way we use your information provided previously without your express consent. If any provision of this privacy policy is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be struck out and the remaining provisions shall be enforced.
Home
About
News
Concerts
Sing With Us
Outreach
Media
Hire The Choir
Support Us
Shop
Contact
Insights Login
Members Login
Register
TheBachChoir
TheBachChoir
Privacy Policy
T&Cs
Cookies
The Bach Choir is a registered charity no: 258287
>