https://www.floydianslip.com/legal.php
Floydian Slip™ — A weekly radio journey through the music of Pink Floyd
Home
Radio show
About "Floydian Slip"
Become an affiliate
Affiliate radio stations map
Bring us to your local station
About host Craig Bailey
Pink Floyd
About Pink Floyd
Discography
Pink Floyd
Syd Barrett
David Gilmour
Nick Mason
Roger Waters
Rick Wright
Interviews
Michaël Boumendil
Pierre Dufour
Ron Geesin
Andy Jackson
Nick Mason (2018)
Nick Mason (2014)
Aubrey "Po" Powell
Gerald Scarfe
Storm Thorgerson
Syndicated radio specials
"Cre/ation: The Early Years of Pink Floyd"
"Roger Waters Amused to Death"
News
Shop
Join
Legal
Read this terms of use agreement and privacy policy before accessing Web site. These statements were last updated on Aug. 25, 2012.
Terms of use
This Terms of Use Agreement sets forth the standards of use of the Random Precision Media LLC Online Service. By using the floydianslip.com Web site you (the "Member") agree to these terms and conditions. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this agreement, you should immediately cease all usage of this Web site. We reserve the right, at any time, to modify, alter, or update the terms and conditions of this agreement without prior notice. Modifications shall become effective immediately upon being posted at floydianslip.com Web site. Your continued use of the Service after amendments are posted constitutes an acknowledgement and acceptance of the Agreement and its modifications. Except as provided in this paragraph, this Agreement may not be amended.
Description of service
Random Precision Media LLC is providing Member with marketing and promotional
information regarding its Web design services and other services. Member
must provide:
All equipment necessary for their own Internet connection,
including computer and modem; and
provide for Member's access to
the Internet; and
Pay any fees relate with such connection
Disclaimer of warranties
The site is provided by Random Precision Media LLC on an "as is" and on an "as available" basis. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Random Precision Media LLC makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, regarding the use or the results of this Web site in terms of its correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. Random Precision Media LLC shall have no liability for any interruptions in the use of this Web site. Random Precision Media LLC disclaims all warranties with regard to the information provided, including the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, therefore the above-referenced exclusion is inapplicable.
Limitation of liability
RANDOM PRECISION MEDIA LLC SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, AND IN PARTICULAR RANDOM PRECISION MEDIA LLC SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF REVENUE, OR LOSS OF USE, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS WEB SITE OR THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN IT, WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES ARISE IN CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, TORT, UNDER STATUTE, IN EQUITY, AT LAW, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF RANDOM PRECISION MEDIA LLC HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW FOR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, THEREFORE SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS IS INAPPLICABLE.
Indemnification
Member agrees to indemnify and hold Random Precision Media LLC, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs, made by any third party due to or arising out of Member's use of the Service, the violation of this Agreement, or infringement by Member, or other user of the Service using Member's computer, of any intellectual property or any other right of any person or entity.
Modifications and interruption to service
Random Precision Media LLC reserves the right to modify or discontinue the Service with or without notice to the Member. Random Precision Media LLC shall not be liable to Member or any third party should Random Precision Media LLC exercise its right to modify or discontinue the Service. Member acknowledges and accepts that Random Precision Media LLC does not guarantee continuous, uninterrupted or secure access to our Web site and operation of our Web site may be interfered with or adversely affected by numerous factors or circumstances outside of our control.
Third-party sites
Our Web site may include links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by online merchants and other third parties. You acknowledge that we are not responsible for the availability of, or the content located on or through, any third-party site. You should contact the site administrator or webmaster for those third-party sites if you have any concerns regarding such links or the content located on such sites. Your use of those third-party sites is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of each site, and we are not responsible therein. We encourage all Members to review said privacy policies of third-parties' sites.
Disclaimer regarding accuracy of vendor information
Product specifications and other information have either been provided by the Vendors or collected from publicly available sources. While Random Precision Media LLC makes every effort to ensure that the information on this Web site is accurate, we can make no representations or warranties as to the accuracy or reliability of any information provided on this Web site.
Random Precision Media LLC makes no warranties or representations whatsoever with regard to any product provided or offered by any Vendor, and you acknowledge that any reliance on representations and warranties provided by any Vendor shall be at your own risk.
Governing jurisdiction of the courts of Vermont
Our Web site is operated and provided in the State of Vermont. As such, we are subject to the laws of the State of Vermont, and such laws will govern this Terms of Use, without giving effect to any choice of law rules. We make no representation that our Web site or other services are appropriate, legal or available for use in other locations. Accordingly, if you choose to access our site you agree to do so subject to the internal laws of the State of Vermont.
Compliance with laws
Member assumes all knowledge of applicable law and is responsible for compliance with any such laws. Member may not use the Service in any way that violates applicable state, federal, or international laws, regulations or other government requirements. Member further agrees not to transmit any material that encourages conduct that could constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law or regulation.
Copyright and trademark information
All content included or available on this site, including site design, text, graphics, interfaces, and the selection and arrangements thereof is ©2020 Random Precision Media LLC, with all rights reserved, or is the property of Random Precision Media LLC and/or third parties protected by intellectual property rights. Any use of materials on the Web site, including reproduction for purposes other than those noted above, modification, distribution, or replication, any form of data extraction or data mining, or other commercial exploitation of any kind, without prior written permission of an authorized officer of Random Precision Media LLC is strictly prohibited. Members agree that they will not use any robot, spider, or other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy our web pages or the content contained therein without prior written permission of an authorized officer of Random Precision Media LLC.
Random Precision Media LLC™ and floydianslip.com™ are proprietary marks of Random Precision Media LLC. Random Precision Media LLC's trademarks may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not provided by Random Precision Media LLC, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Random Precision Media LLC.
All other trademarks displayed on Random Precision Media LLC's Web site are the trademarks of their respective owners, and constitute neither an endorsement nor a recommendation of those Vendors. In addition, such use of trademarks or links to the Web sites of Vendors is not intended to imply, directly or indirectly, that those Vendors endorse or have any affiliation with Random Precision Media LLC.
Notification of claimed copyright infringement
Pursuant to Section 512(c) of the Copyright Revision Act, as enacted through the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, Random Precision Media LLC designates the following individual as its agent for receipt of notifications of claimed copyright infringement.
Craig Bailey
Random Precision Media LLC
350 Woodbine Rd
Shelburne VT 05482-6777USA
Phone: 1.260.67.FLOYD (35693)
Botnets
Random Precision Media LLC retains the right, at our sole discretion, to terminate any accounts involved with botnets and related activities. If any hostnames are used as command and control points for botnets, Random Precision Media LLC reserves the right to direct the involved hostnames to a honeypot, loopback address, logging facility, or any other destination at our discretion.
Other terms
If any provision of this Terms of Use Agreement shall be unlawful, void or unenforceable for any reason, the other provisions (and any partially-enforceable provision) shall not be affected thereby and shall remain valid and enforceable to the maximum possible extent. You agree that this Terms of Use Agreement and any other agreements referenced herein may be assigned by Random Precision Media LLC, in our sole discretion, to a third party in the event of a merger or acquisition. This Terms of Use Agreement shall apply in addition to, and shall not be superseded by, any other written agreement between us in relation to your participation as a Member. Member agrees that by accepting this Terms of Use Agreement, Member is consenting to the use and disclosure of their personally identifiable information and other practices described in our Privacy Policy Statement.
Privacy policy
Acknowledgement and acceptance of terms
Random Precision Media LLC is committed to protecting your privacy. This
Privacy Statement sets forth our current privacy practices with regard
to the information we collect when you or your computer interact with
our Web site. By accessing floydianslip.com, you acknowledge
and fully understand Random Precision Media LLC's Privacy Statement and
freely consent to the information collection and use practices described
in this Web site Privacy Statement.
Participating merchant policies
Related services and offerings with links from this Web site, including
vendor sites, have their own privacy statements that can be viewed by
clicking on the corresponding links within each respective Web site.
Online merchants and others who participate in Random Precision Media LLC
services are encouraged to participate in industry privacy initiatives
and to take a responsible attitude towards consumer privacy. However,
since we do not have direct control over the policies or practices of
participating merchants and other third parties, we are not responsible
for the privacy practices or contents of those sites. We recommend and
encourage that you always review the privacy policies of merchants and
other third parties before you provide any personal information or complete
any transaction with such parties.
Information we collect and how we use it
Random Precision Media LLC collects certain information from and about
its users three ways: directly from our Web Server logs, the user, and
with Cookies.
Web server logs
When you visit our Web site, we may track information to administer
the site and analyze its usage. Examples of information we may track
include:
Your Internet protocol address
The kind of browser or computer you use
Number of links you click within the site
State or country from which you accessed the site
Date and time of your visit
Name of your Internet service provider
Web page you linked to our site from
Pages you viewed on the site
Use of cookies
Random Precision Media LLC may use cookies to personalize or enhance
your user experience. A cookie is a small text file that is placed
on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to
run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely
assigned to you, and can only be read by a Web Server in the domain
that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience
feature to save you time. For example, if you personalize a web
page, or navigate within a site, a cookie helps the site to recall
your specific information on subsequent visits. Hence, this simplifies
the process of delivering relevant content and eases site navigation
by providing and saving your preferences and login information as
well as providing personalized functionality.
Random Precision Media LLC reserves the right to share aggregated site
statistics with partner companies, but does not allow other companies
to place cookies on our Web site unless there is a temporary, overriding
customer value (such as merging into floydianslip.com a
site that relies on third-party cookies).
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers
automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser
setting to decline cookies. If you reject cookies by changing your
browser settings then be aware that this may disable some of the
functionality on our Web site.
Personal information users
Visitors to our Web site can register to purchase services. When
you register, we will request some personal information such as
name, address, email, telephone number or facsimile number, account
number and other relevant information. If you are purchasing a service,
we will request financial information. Any financial information
we collect is used only to bill you for the services you purchased.
If you purchase by credit card, this information may be forwarded
to your credit card provider. For other types of registrations,
we will ask for the relevant information. You may also be asked
to disclose personal information to us so that we can provide assistance
and information to you. For example, such data may be warranted
in order to provide online technical support and troubleshooting.
We will not disclose personally identifiable information we collect
from you to third parties without your permission except to the
extent necessary including:
To fulfill your service requests for services;
To protect ourselves from liability;
To respond to legal process or comply with law; or
In connection with a merger, acquisition, or liquidation of
the company
Use of Web beacons or gif files
Random Precision Media LLC Web pages may contain electronic images known
as Web beacons — sometimes also called single-pixel gifs —
that allow Random Precision Media LLC to count users who have visited those
pages and to deliver co-branded services. Random Precision Media LLC may
include Web beacons in promotional e-mail messages or newsletters in
order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon.
Some of these Web beacons may be placed by third party service providers
to help determine the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns or
email communications. These Web beacons may be used by these service
providers to place a persistent cookie on your computer. This allows
the service provider to recognize your computer each time you visit
certain pages or emails and compile anonymous information in relation
to those page views, which in turn enables us and our service providers
to learn which advertisements and emails bring you to our Web site and
how you use the site. Random Precision Media LLC prohibits Web beacons from
being used to collect or access your personal information.
Accessing Web account information
We will provide you with the means to ensure that personally identifiable
information in your web account file is correct and current. You may
review this information by contacting us.
Changes to this statement
Random Precision Media LLC has the discretion to occasionally update this
privacy statement. When we do, we will also revise the "updated" date
at the top of this Privacy page. We encourage you to periodically review
this privacy statement to stay informed about how we are helping to
protect the personal information we collect. Your continued use of the
service constitutes your agreement to this privacy statement and any
updates.
Contacting us
If you have questions regarding our Privacy Statement, its implementation,
failure to adhere to this Privacy Statement and/or our general practices,
please contact us by email or phone or mail
your comments to:
Craig Bailey
Random Precision Media LLC
350 Woodbine Rd
Shelburne VT 05482-6777USA
Random Precision Media LLC will use commercially reasonable efforts to
promptly respond and resolve any problem or question.
Affiliates  |  Producers  |  Legal  |  Contact
© 2020 Random Precision Media LLC. All rights reserved.
All images and artwork are property of their respective owners.