http://www.musicianspage.com/about/privacy.html
Home
Share This PageFacebookTwitterGoogle +LinkedInEmail
Find Musicians
Browse & Search
Categories
Genres
Skills/Titles
Instruments
Bands/Ensembles
Countries
Find Jobs/Projects
Jobs/Projects
Browse & Search
Post a New Job/Project
Employers/Services
Browse & Search
Kinds
Countries
Music & Videos
Latest Music
Audio Files
Browse & Search
Genres
Instruments
Video Files
Browse & Search
Genres
Instruments
Sheet Music
Browse & Search
Genres
Instruments
Forums
Browse & Search
General
Music
Instrument
Classifieds
Who's Online
Katalin KunovicsJazz Writer
Massimo PizzanoRock Drums Player
Susan MarklePop Lyricist
About us
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms
Code of Conduct
Copyright Policy
Certifications
Contact Us
Advertise
Help
Register/Log-In
Register!Log-In
[Desktop Website]
Log-in or Register!
Advanced Search
Home
Find Musicians
Find Jobs/Projects
Music & Videos
Forums
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (drawn on March 19, 2008 and reviewed on March 22, 2008), describes the privacy rules adopted by Musicians Page to preserve the musician/band/ensemble/user privacy (identified as "User").
User Information and Opt Out
Any information the User shares with us is strictly confidential and will only be used in the way the User requests. Such information will NOT be shared or sold to a third party for any reason whatsoever. By using or accessing Musicians Page, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
When you visit Musicians Page you provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected by us and Web Site use information collected by us as you interact with our Web Site or to receive our Musicians Newsletter.
When you register with Musicians Page, you provide us with certain personal information, such as your name, your email address and any other personal or preference information that you provide to us.
When you enter Musicians Page, we collect your browser type and IP address. This information is gathered for all Musicians Page visitors. In addition, we store certain information from your browser using "cookies." A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. We use session ID cookies to confirm that users are logged in. These cookies terminate once the user closes the browser. By default, we use a persistent cookie that stores your login ID (but not your password) to make it easier for you to login when you come back to Musicians Page. You can remove or block this cookie using the settings in your browser if you want to disable this convenience feature.
When you use Musicians Page, you may set up your personal profile, form relationships, send messages, perform searches and queries, and transmit information through various channels. We collect this information so that we can provide you the service and offer personalized features. In most cases, we retain it so that, for instance, you can return to view prior messages you have sent or easily see your friend list. When you update your information, we don't keep any backup of any previously submitted information. Any deleted information is done at your own risk. Musicians Page cannot be accountable for information or data loss.
You post your personal information and content (as defined in the Musicians Page Terms of Use) on the Site at your own risk. Although we allow you to set privacy options that limit access to your information, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We cannot control the actions of other Users with whom you may choose to share your pages and information. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that User Content you post on the Site will not be viewed by unauthorized persons. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Site. You understand and acknowledge that, even after removal, copies of your content/information may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of external Search Engines or if other Users have copied or stored your content somewhere else either on this site or on external sites.
Any improper collection or misuse of information provided on Musicians Page is a violation of the Musicians Page Terms of Service and should be reported to us.
If you choose to use our invitation service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask you for information needed to send the invitation, such as your friend's email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email or instant message inviting him or her to visit the site but we don't store that information anywhere.
Any User may delete his personal information from the Musicians Page database at any time inside their Control Panel. You may contact us for any reason through our Contact Us page.
By using Musicians Page, you are consenting to have your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States where Musicians Page (part of Virtual Sheet Music Inc.) resides.
Use of Information Obtained by Musicians Page
When you register with Musicians Page, you create your own profile and privacy settings. Your profile information, as well as your name, email and photo, are displayed to people how specified in your privacy settings to enable you to connect with people on Musicians Page. We may occasionally use your name and email address to send you notifications regarding new services offered by Musicians Page that we think you may find valuable.
Profile information is used by Musicians Page primarily to be presented to others permitted to view that information by your privacy settings. Profile information you submit to Musicians Page will be available to users of Musicians Page as well to external users according to your privacy settings. Your published information may be made available to third party search engines. This is primarily so your potential audience can easily find you and send a contact request.
Musicians Page may send you service-related announcements from time to time through the general operation of the service. For instance, if a friend sends you a new message or someone posts a reply on a forum where you subscribed to, you may receive an email or instant message alerting you to that fact.
Generally, you may opt out of such emails here, though Musicians Page reserves the right to send you notices about your account even if you opt out of all voluntary email notifications.
Musicians Page may use information in your profile without identifying you as an individual to third parties. We do this for purposes such as personalizing advertisements and promotions so that we can provide you our service at its best. We believe this benefits you.
Children with ages less than 18
We recommend that minors ask their parents for permission before sending any information about themselves to anyone over the Internet.
Links
Musicians Page may contain links to other websites. We are of course not responsible for the privacy practices of other web sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by Musicians Page.
Credit/Debit Cards and PayPal transactions
All credit/debit card or on-line check information is communicated using SSL encryption (assured by VeriSign Inc. authority) and is not stored anywhere.
Musicians Page works with PayPal® and PayPal® Payflow gateway (formerly managed by VeriSign®)
for PayPal and credit/debit card transactions on this site. You can learn more about PayPal's privacy policy.
Musicians Page (as part of Virtual Sheet Music Inc.) is enrolled in Trustwave's Trusted Commerce™ program to validate compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS). PCI DSS represents best practices designed to protect merchants and consumers from data security breaches and fraud.
Terms of Use, Notices and Revisions
Your use of Musicians Page, and any disputes arising from it, is subject to this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use and all of its dispute resolution provisions including arbitration, limitation on damages and choice of law. We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use at any time. If we make changes, we will post them and will indicate at the top of this page the policy's new review date. We encourage you to refer to this policy on an ongoing basis so that you understand our current privacy policy. Unless stated otherwise, our current privacy policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account.
Advertising
Musicians Page displays selected advertising according to the Online Privacy Alliance guidelines.
Newsletter
Optionally the User can join our mailing list in order to receive our Musicians Newsletter. It is usually sent every week and provides the latest information about music events, site updates and news from the music industry. We collect the User's e-mail address and other optional information in order to send our Newsletter correctly. The User's e-mail address is kept only for sending our Newsletter. We do not collect e-mail addresses for any other purpose. The User will NEVER receive SPAM E-MAIL from us and its e-mail address will NOT be shared with any third party whatsoever. The User can unsbuscribe at any time from the Unsubscribe Page.
Final Declaration
Musicians Page declares that this Privacy Statement conforms to the Online Privacy Alliance guidelines.
For more information or questions, please Contact Us.
Musicians Page®
Virtual Sheet Music Inc.
WelcomeFind a MusicianFind a Music Employer/ServiceGet ListedAbout UsContact Us
Featured MusicianOleksii GerychNew Age Piano Player
Featured websites
Christmas Sheet MusicHigh quality Christmas sheet music to download instantly.
Related Pages About UsPrivacy PolicyTermsCode of ConductCopyright PolicyCertifications
Listen Now! Musician Jobs
Who's Online Now...
Guests: 368  Members: 3Members OnlineKatalin KunovicsJazz WriterMassimo PizzanoRock Drums PlayerSusan MarklePop Lyricist
Demographics
Musicians:
22,787
Empl/Services:
3,077
Active Jobs:
10,682
Features
Free Newsletter
Subscribe to our Musicians Newsletter to stay informed about new posted jobs, musical events, site updates, and news from the music industry:
NOTE: We respect your Privacy. To learn more about our Musicians Newsletter, click here.
Enjoy the Forums
Start your discussions on the Forums. introduce Yourself or Your Band to the Musicians Page community.
Testimonials
""I am a Jazz singer and bandleader and in just a few short weeks I booked a great job for one of my bands. I have also made wonderful contacts for future gigs. This is the best musicians site I have found."
Joan Crowe, leader, singer, fan of Musicians Page"Joan CroweOther... Player
Security Seals
Notice: This Website takes advantage of web standards that your browser may be
unable to support. This site may not display in the way it was intended in some
browsers. However the page content should still be perfectly viewable in any internet
capable device.
Advertise
About Us
Contact Us
Site Map
Search
Privacy
[Desktop Website]
© 1999-2020 	Musicians Page and Virtual Sheet Music, Inc. All Rights Reserved.