http://www.hogwartsnews.com/forums/help/privacy-policy/
Menu
Home
Forums
New posts
Search forums
What's new
New posts
Latest activity
Log in
What's new
Search
Search
Search titles only
By:
Search
Advanced search…
Latest activity
Menu
Log in
Install the app
Install
Home
Help
You are using an out of date browser. It
may not display this or other websites correctly.You should upgrade or use an alternative browser.
Privacy policy
Help pages
Help
Joining The Final Horcrux
Why are you using Promotion?
How do I get an Avatar?
What are Articles?
What is SPAM?
How do I make a shout?
Why can't I PM anyone?
How do I join in?
About Promotion
How do I pick my House?
What is a thread?
How do I create an Article?
What is the Shoutbox History and how can I view it?
What is "Who's Online" and why can't I see it?
What are the Rules?
What is the criteria to 'Graduate'?
User Control Panel FAQ's
How do I join a Usergroup?
What is 'Fast Track'?
What is 'Email Activation'?
How do I post a new thread?
Why am I not authorized to access the Members List?
Forums, Threads & Posts
How do I share my e-mail or Instant Messenger details?
Can I have more than 1 account at The Final Horcrux?
What is 'Promotion'?
What is a post?
How do I leave a Usergroup?
Miscellaneous The Final Horcrux FAQ's
How do I post?
What happens if I receive a warning?
Why do I have to specify my age?
How do I post Reputation Points?
The Final Horcrux Articles
How do I know which people are staff?
How do I search?
How do I view my Reputation?
What does the "Report Bad Post" icon do?
Shout Box Questions
What are 'Unspeakables'?
I have subscribed to a thread/forum - where do I find the list of threads or forums to which I am subscribed?
The site's time is "wrong" - how do I change it to my correct time zone?
Smilies
BB codes
Trophies
Cookie usage
Terms and rules
Privacy policy
We are The Final Horcrux ("we", "our", "us"). We’re committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. If you have questions about your personal information please contact us.
What information we hold about you
The type of data that we collect and process includes:
Your name or username.
Your email address.
Your IP address.
Further data may be collected if you choose to share it, such as if you fill out fields on your profile.
We collect some or all of this information in the following cases:
You register as a member on this site.
You fill out our contact form.
You browse this site. See "Cookie policy" below.
You fill out fields on your profile.
How your personal information is used
We may use your personal information in the following ways:
For the purposes of making you a registered member of our site, in order for you to contribute content to this site.
We may use your email address to inform you of activity on our site.
Your IP address is recorded when you perform certain actions on our site. Your IP address is never publicly visible.
Other ways we may use your personal information.
In addition to notifying you of activity on our site which may be relevant to you, from time to time we may wish to communicate with all members any important information such as newsletters or announcements by email. You can opt-in to or opt-out of such emails in your profile.
We may collect non-personally identifiable information about you in the course of your interaction with our site. This information may include technical information about the browser or type of device you're using. This information will be used purely for the purposes of analytics and tracking the number of visitors to our site.
Keeping your data secure
We are committed to ensuring that any information you provide to us is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable measures and procedures to safeguard and secure the information that we collect.
Cookie policy
Cookies are small text files which are set by us on your computer which allow us to provide certain functionality on our site, such as being able to log in, or remembering certain preferences.
We have a detailed cookie policy and more information about the cookies that we set on this page.
Rights
You have a right to access the personal data we hold about you or obtain a copy of it. To do so please contact us. If you believe that the information we hold for you is incomplete or inaccurate, you may contact us to ask us to complete or correct that information.
You also have the right to request the erasure of your personal data. Please contact us if you would like us to remove your personal data.
Acceptance of this policy
Continued use of our site signifies your acceptance of this policy. If you do not accept the policy then please do not use this site. When registering we will further request your explicit acceptance of the privacy policy.
Changes to this policy
We may make changes to this policy at any time. You may be asked to review and re-accept the information in this policy if it changes in the future.
CAPTCHA privacy policy
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google privacy policy and terms of service apply.
Home
Help
This site uses cookies to help personalise content, tailor your experience and to keep you logged in if you register.
By continuing to use this site, you are consenting to our use of cookies.
Accept
Learn more…
Top