http://www.turnersanonymous.org/privacy-policy/
Membership Information
Membership Packet
Newsletter Achieves
2018 Newsletter Achieves
2019 Newsletter Achieves
2020 Newsletter Archieves
What Are We All About
Future Presentations
December 19, 2020
January 16, 2021
Instant Gallery
September 2020 Instant Gallery
October 2020 Instant Gallery
November 2020 Instant Gallery
2019 Instant Galleries
February 2019 Instant Gallery
March 2019 Instant Gallery
Instant Gallery Archives
2018 Instant Galleries
January 2018
February 2018
March 2018
April 2018
May 2018
September 2018 Instant Gallery
October 2018 Instant Gallery
2017 Instant Galleries
January 2017
February 2017
Oct 2017
November 2017
December 2017
Board of Directors
Member Resources
2020 Board Meetings
Handouts
Items For Sale And Items Wanted
Membership List
Privacy Policy
So What Have Member’s Been Working On?
Supportive Vendors
Turners Anonymous By-Laws
Table of Video Links
Video Library
Revised Library Policy 060120
Turner’s Anonymous Book Library
Zoom Virtual Membership Meeting 08/22/20
Who we are
Our website address is: http://www.turnersanonymous.org.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Members Forum
Only members of Turners Anonymous, Inc.  may log in to the Members Only section of the website. Currently, the only section of the website where members may leave messages and comments is the Forum. All messages and comments left by members are subject to Moderation. After Moderation, these comments and or messages are visible only to members of Turners Anonymous.
The only membership information maintained on the website is User Data. This includes the user name,  the first name, last name and e-mail address. This information is only visible on the Members Forum section of the website.
User data is also used to send out the Monthly Newsletter.
Media
Members may upload images and files via the Forum. As with all member post, these images are subject to moderation. These files become the property of Turners Anonymous, Inc. Visitors to the website can download pdf files from the website. All media files are the property of Turners Anonymous, Inc. and are copyrighted.
Contact forms
Visitors to the website have the ability to contact Members of the Board using an e-mail contact form. Information submitted on this contact form is visible to the Board Member and the Webmaster. At the end of each calendar year, all these e-mails are deleted from the website.
Members wishing to sell or purchase items may request this information to be posted on the website. This information is maintained for a period of 30 days and is deleted from the site at the end of that period.
Cookies
Other than your browser, we do not use cookies. If your browser saves your login information due to your selecting “Remember Me” your login information will persist until your browser erases these cookies. It is your responsibility to remove these cookies from your browser. Turners Anonymous, Inc. does not maintain cookies on our site.
Embedded content from other websites
Turners Anonymous does embedded content (e.g. images, articles, etc.). These images and articles are the property of Turners Anonymous, Inc.
Video links to videos are posted on YouTube for members viewing. Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
We do not share membership (user) information with any third party entities.
How long we retain your data
For users that register on our website, we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). The website administrator can also see and edit that information.
Your user account is based on your paid membership. If you fail to pay your dues for a given year your user account may be deleted due to non-payment. After your membership has lapsed for a period of one calendar year, your user account will be deleted. This will result in your not being able to log in to the Forum and you will not receive the Newsletter.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
We do not share your data with any third party.
Member Log In
Username or Email
Password
Remember Me
Forgot Password?
Join Us
Meeting Location Woodcraft
102 Four Coins Drive
Canonsburg, PA. 15317
Woodcraft
Meeting Times Currently Due to the Covid-19 pandemic we are only meeting virtually. All paid members are send login credentials for these Zoom meetings.
Next Demonstrator
November 21, 2020
Linda Van Guetchen
“Inside Out Turning”
WebsiteAAW
Turnersanonymous.org © 2020