http://www.kgmfoundation.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Your privacy is important to The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation. This privacy statement provides information about the personal information that The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation collects, and the ways in which The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation uses that personal information.
Credit
This document was created using a Contractology template available at http://www.freenetlaw.com.
Personal information collection
The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:
information about your use of this website;
information that you provide using for the purpose of registering with the website (including registering as a customer in the store);
information about transactions carried out over this website;
information that you provide for the purpose of subscribing to the website services (including Daily Bijoux); and
any other information that you send to The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation.
Using personal information
The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation may use your personal information to:
administer this website;
personalize the website for you;
enable your access to and use of the website services;
publish information about you on the website;
send to you products that you purchase;
supply to you services that you purchase;
send to you statements and invoices;
collect payments from you; and
send you marketing communications.
Where The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation discloses your personal information to its agents or sub-contractors for these purposes, the agent or sub-contractor in question will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement.
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere above, The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.
Securing your data
The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation will store all the personal information you provide on its secure servers.
Information relating to electronic transactions entered into via this website will be protected by encryption technology.
The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation does not store any financial data related to any purchases you make on the site. Your payments are handled by a third party, currently PayPal.
Cross-border data transfers
Information that The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation collects may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation operates to enable the use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
In addition, personal information that you submit for publication on the website will be published on the internet and may be available around the world.
You agree to such cross-border transfers of personal information.
Updating this statement
The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
Other websites
This website contains links to other websites.
The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party.
Contact The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation’s treatment of your personal information, please write:
by email to info@kgmfoundation.org; or
by post to P.O. Box 790, Station F, Toronto, Ontario M4Y 2N7, Canada.
Scroll To Top