https://www.elmhurst.edu/privacy-policy/
be_ixf; php_sdk; php_sdk_1.4.916 msiy_2020; im_12; id_10; ih_21; imh_39; i_epoch:1607665151988ixf-compiler; ixf-compiler_1.0.0.0py_2020; pm_11; pd_10; ph_22; pmh_58; p_epoch:1605077899619link-block; link-block_link-block; bodystrpn_tstr:Tue Nov 10 22:58:19 PST 2020; pn_epoch:16050778996190 ms
COVID-19 UpdatesRead the latest announcements and testing info. LEARN MORE ClosePrivacy PolicyThank you for visiting our website! Elmhurst University is committed to protecting your privacy.Use of the website is subject to applicable federal and state laws, in addition to all Elmhurst University campus-wide policies. Usage of Elmhurst University domains implies consent to each policy.Please note that the views and opinions expressed by individual faculty, staff and students on personal web pages found within the website are strictly those of the page authors. The following is an overview of the information we collect while you are visiting our site, how we use it, and how to contact us for more information.Information We CollectPersonal Information: We collect information that can be used to identify you as an individual (“Personally Identifiable Information”) only when you provide this information directly to us, such as voluntarily submitting a form or signing up for an email list. You do not have to provide us with any personally identifiable information in order to use our website; however, if you submit a form on our site, we may store the information we collect through that form, including your first name, last name, telephone number, email address and postal address. We may also collect information through your voluntary interaction with any of our public forums, including our social media platforms.Google Analytics: Elmhurst University utilizes a variety of tools through Google Analytics to gather information about the device you use to access our web pages and about how you use our site. This information includes your IP address, geographical location, length of visit and pages viewed; however, it is not connected to your name or any other personally identifiable information. We use this information to better understand how our website is being used and to make improvements to the user experience. Google offers an opt-out browser add-on to provide visitors the ability to prevent Google Analytics from using their data.Cookies: As you browse our website, cookies (small files of basic information) may be placed on your computer so that we can learn more about how you arrived at our website and whether you’ve visited our website previously. We may also use cookies to pre-fill forms with your contact information and to target advertising to you when you’re on other websites. You may choose not to accept cookies from our site. Please refer to your specific browser for information on opting out.How We Use the Information We CollectConfidentiality: All personal information shared with us remains confidential. We may confidentially share that information with a third party for the purpose of marketing our programs or providing more information about our offerings. We do not sell or rent your contact information to any third party, nor do we transfer data to other countries.Communications: We may use any contact information you provide to us to communicate with you about our programs, events and other news at Elmhurst University.Advertising: Our advertising partners may show you Elmhurst University ads on other sites based on your previous interaction with us (remarketing). The techniques our partners employ do not collect personal information such as your name, email address, postal address or telephone number. A list of our advertising partners is available upon request. If you’d like to opt out of remarketing, please visit Google’s Ad Settings.Data Retention: Your personal data will be retained as needed to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected. We will retain and use this data as necessary to comply with our business requirements and legal obligations, resolve disputes, protect University assets, and enforce agreements. Once retention of this personal information is no longer necessary, it will be destroyed in accordance with Elmhurst’s information classification and handling procedures.Elmhurst University’s Commitment to Privacy and Your RightsMany pages within this website contain external links. Upon departure from any Elmhurst University domain, users are subject to the privacy policy of each new site.You may choose not to provide us with any personal information. You can still access/use most of our site; however, you will not be able to access and use any part that requires such information.We aim to provide you with access to your personal information. If that information is inaccurate, we strive to update it quickly or to remove it—unless we are required to keep that information for legitimate educational, business or legal purposes.You can create a request to view, change or remove your personal data by emailing web@elmhurst.edu.If at any time Elmhurst University believes that user data has been compromised, we will immediately notify all affected users.Our privacy policy is reviewed regularly, and all updates are posted on this page. The “last updated” date below reflects the date of the most recent change.Restrictions and Other PoliciesRestricted Usage: The unauthorized usage of all Elmhurst University copyrights, trademarks, and logos is strictly prohibited. For more information on authorized usage please contact web@elmhurst.edu.Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA): Please be advised that any time a user enters information, Elmhurst University will assume that the user is 13 or older.Contact UsIf you have any questions or would like more information about our privacy policy, please contact us.Last Updated: June 29, 2020Connect with #elmhurstu Instagram Facebook Twitter View All
Close