http://www.deadcelfactor.com/privacy-policy/
Home »
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Dead Cel Factor operates http://www.deadcelfactor.com and may operate other websites. It is our policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Dead Cel Factor collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Dead Cel Factor’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Dead Cel Factor’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Dead Cel Factor may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Dead Cel Factor also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on resolutiongeophysical.com blogs/sites. Dead Cel Factor only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Dead Cel Factor websites choose to interact with Dead Cel Factor in ways that require Dead Cel Factor to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Dead Cel Factor gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at resolutiongeophysical.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Dead Cel Factor are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Dead Cel Factor collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Dead Cel Factor. Dead Cel Factor does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Dead Cel Factor may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Dead Cel Factor may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Dead Cel Factor does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Dead Cel Factor discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Dead Cel Factor behalf or to provide services available at Dead Cel Factor websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Dead Cel Factor websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Dead Cel Factor will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Dead Cel Factor discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Dead Cel Factor believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Dead Cel Factor, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of Dead Cel Factor website and have supplied your email address, Dead Cel Factor may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Dead Cel Factor and our products. If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Dead Cel Factor takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Dead Cel Factor uses cookies to help Dead Cel Factor identify and track visitors, their usage of Dead Cel Factor website, and their website access preferences. Dead Cel Factor visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Dead Cel Factor websites, with the drawback that certain features of Dead Cel Factor websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Dead Cel Factor, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Dead Cel Factor goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Dead Cel Factor may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Dead Cel Factor and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Dead Cel Factor may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Dead Cel Factor sole discretion. Dead Cel Factor encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a resolutiongeophysical.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Search for:
Categories
Demolition Experts
Garage Door
Happy
Home Remodeiling
Plumbing Service
Professional Carpet Cleaner
Roof
Tank Services
Uncategorized
Recent Posts
Choosing the Right Fish to Take Care
What to Do with Damaged Tendons?
Questions to Ask Your Remodeling Experts
WAYS TO MAKE YOUR KIDS NOT FEEL BORED
3 Most Usual Types of Repair in your Garage Door
Recent Comments Archives
November 2020
January 2020
May 2019
January 2019
November 2018
June 2018
May 2018
January 2018
July 2017