https://www.irishmanuscripts.ie/privacy-policy/
Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This web site is owned and operated by the Irish Manuscripts Commission (IMC).
IMC never shares customer information with third parties.
In the case of credit/debit card payments made during the purchase of an IMC publication, card details are processed securely by Bank of Ireland Payment Acceptance (BOIPA); details of credit/debit cards are not received or stored by IMC. For details about BOIPA Privacy Policy please click here.
The data you provide to IMC will be used solely for operational purposes — to process your book order or your e-mail enquiry to IMC.
Contact Us
If you have queries regarding IMC Privacy Policy, or IMC Privacy and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), or you would like to make a complaint, please contact IMC by one of the following means:* By POST: Irish Manuscripts Commission, 45 Merrion Square, Dublin 2, D02 VY60* By PHONE: (+ 353) (0)1 676 1610* By E-MAIL: support@irishmanuscripts.ie
Privacy and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
IMC fully respects your right to privacy, and will not collect any personal information about you on this website without your clear permission.
Any personal information which you volunteer to IMC will be treated with appropriate standards of security and confidentiality, in accordance with the Data Protection Acts 1988–2018 and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679 is a regulation on data protection and privacy for all individuals within the European Union. It came into effect on25 May 2018. It replaces the previous data protection directive which has been in force since 1995 and forms the basis of new Irish data protection laws (Data Protection Acts 1988–2018).
Your Rights under GDPR
You are entitled to access your data; to have your data amended; to have unlawful processing of your data cease; or to have your data erased.For enquiries or to make a complaint, please contact the IMC (see Contact us above).
To appeal a data protection decision, please contact the Office of the Data Protection Commissioner, Canal House, Station Road, Portarlington, R32 AP23 Co. Laois, Ireland.
Collection and use of personal information
The IMC does not collect any personal data about you on this website, apart from information which you volunteer (for example by e-mailing us or by using our online shop).Any personal information which you provide in this way is not made available to any third parties, save as required by law, and is used by IMC only in line with the purpose for which you provided it.
Sharing personal information
The IMC does not share your personal information with any third parties.Personal information gathered on our website for operational reasons (to enable the purchase and dispatch of books) is kept as a paper record for six years (in compliance with Revenue requirements).The data given by you during a book-purchase transaction is stored in a website database and retained for 6 months (in case you make a subsequent purchase — this would enable the fields in the online purchase form to be populated quickly) after which it is deleted.
Collection and use of technical information
Technical details in connection with visits to this website are logged by our internet service provider for our statistical purposes. You should note that technical details do not constitute “personal data” for the purposes of the Data Protection Acts 1988–2018. No information is collected that could be used by us to identify website visitors.The technical details logged are confined to the following items:
* the IP address of the visitor’s web server* the top-level domain name used (for example .ie, .com, .org, .net)* clickstream data which shows the traffic of visitors around the IMC website (for example pages accessed and documents downloaded)* the type of web browser used by the website visitor* the version of the operating system used by the visitor
The IMC will make no attempt to identify individual visitors, or to associate the technical details listed above with any individual. It is the policy of the IMC never to disclose such technical information in respect of individual website visitors to any third party (apart from our internet service provider, which records such data on our behalf and which is bound by confidentiality provisions in this regard), unless obliged to disclose such information by a rule of law. The technical information will be used only by IMC, and only for statistical and other administrative purposes (for example to improve access to popular pages and content).
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkCookie Policy