https://www.dart-gallery.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyThis Policy explains when and why we collect your personal information, how we use it, the conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure.We may change this Policy from time to time so please check this page occasionally to ensure that you’re happy with any changes.Any questions regarding this Policy and our privacy practices should be sent to info@dart-gallery.com or by writing to Dart Gallery, 4 Lower Street, Dartmouth TQ6 0PQ.Who are we?Dart Gallery is the trading name of Dartmouth Contemporary Limited, company number 07285659, registered address: First Floor Chilworth Point, 1 Chilworth Road, Southampton, Hampshire, SO16 7JQHow do we collect information from you?We obtain information about you when your purchase from us, when you register for our newsletters, or when you make an enquiry (either in person in the gallery or at an art fair, on the telephone, by email or via our website).What type of information is collected from you?Primarily we will be collecting your name, address, email address and/ or telephone number. If you are visiting our website cookies may collect your IP address. We never collect sensitive personal data. If you purchase a product online from us, your card information is not held by us; it is collected by our third-party payment processors who specialise in the secure online capture and processing of credit/debit card transactions.How is your information used?We may use your information to:process orders that you have submitted;send you information about our exhibiting programme, our artists and artworks for sale, and any other information you have requested.to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into by you and usprocess a job application.We review our retention periods for personal information on a regular basis. We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity, or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with us.Who has access to your information?We never sell or rent your personal information to third parties.We will not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes.We may pass your information to our third-party service providers, subcontractors and other organisations for the purposes of completing tasks and providing services to you on our behalf (for example to deliver your purchase or to send you newsletters). When we use third party service providers we disclose only the personal information that is necessary to deliver the service and we have a contract in place that requires them to keep your information secure and to ensure that they comply with the other requirements of the Data Protection laws.When you purchase products from us your payment details are processed by a third-party payment processor who specialises in the secure online capture and processing of credit/debit card transactions. In order to offer card payment, we are required to comply with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard.We may transfer your personal information to a third party as part of a sale of some or all of our business and assets to any third party or as part of any business restructuring or reorganisation, or if we’re under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation or to enforce or apply our terms of use. However, we will take steps to ensure that your privacy rights continue to be protected.Your choicesYou have a choice about whether or not you wish to receive information from us. If you do not want to receive direct marketing communications from us, then you can click the UNSUBSCRIBE link on any email or select your choices by ticking the relevant boxes on the online form on which we collect your information.We will not contact you for marketing purposes by email, phone or text message unless we have a lawful basis to process your information. This means we will either have legitimate interest in contacting you (to keep you up to date with products you have enquired about or purchased) or that you have given your explicit consent to be contacted. We will not contact you for marketing purposes by post if you have indicated that you do not wish to be contacted.You can change your marketing preferences at any time by contacting us at info@dart-gallery.comHow you can update your informationThe accuracy of your information is important to us.If you change your postal address, email address, or if any of the other information we hold is inaccurate or out of date, please email us at info@dart-gallery.com, write to us at Dart Gallery, 4 Lower Street, Dartmouth, TQ6 0PQ or telephone us on 01803 834923.Your rights Under certain circumstances, by law you have the right to:Request access to your personal information (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.Request correction of the personal information that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected.Request erasure of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal information where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal information where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).Object to processing of your personal information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal information for direct marketing purposes.Request the restriction of processing of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of personal information about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.Request the transfer of your personal information to another party.If you want to review, verify, correct or request erasure of your personal information, object to the processing of your personal data, or request that we transfer a copy of your personal information to another party, please contact us in writing at Dart Gallery, 4 Lower Street, Dartmouth, TQ6 0PQ.If you would like to know what information we hold about you, please write to Dart Gallery, 4 Lower Street, Dartmouth, TQ6 0PQ. We will ask you for proof of identity and provide you with a response within 30 days of receiving such proof.Security precautions in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of your informationWhen you give us personal information, we take steps to ensure that it is treated securely.If you are providing credit or debit card details when buying online, your information is encrypted and protected with 128 Bit encryption on SSL. When you are on a secure page, a lock icon will appear on the bottom of web browsers such as Microsoft Internet Explorer.Non-sensitive details (your email address etc.) are transmitted normally over the Internet, and this can never be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your information, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems. Where we have given (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.Use of ‘cookies’Like many other websites, our website uses cookies. ‘Cookies’ are small pieces of information sent by an organisation to your computer and stored on your hard drive to allow that website to recognise you when you visit. They collect statistical data about your browsing actions and patterns and do not identify you as an individual. This helps us to improve our website and deliver a better more personalised service.It is possible to switch off cookies by setting your browser preferences to disable Cookies. Turning cookies off may result in a loss of functionality when using our website. You can also clear cookies saved on your computer at any time.Links to other websitesOur website may contain links to other websites run by other organisations. This privacy policy applies only to our website‚ so we encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites even if you access them using links from our website.In addition, if you linked to our website from a third-party site, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners and operators of that third party site and recommend that you check the policy of that third party site.Transferring your information outside EuropeSome of the software tools we use may have data centres or staff outside of the European Union. Where this is the case, we have chosen to work with companies who have demonstrated that they operate in ways that comply with UK law. For example, the US based companies whose software we use have all signed up to the US-EU Privacy Shield. If you are not happy for us to share your data with those partners, please do not use our services.Review of this PolicyWe keep this Policy under regular review. This Policy was last updated in May 2018
Join our newsletter for the latest updates on artists, works and exhibitions.