http://www.pellonprojects.com/privacy-policy/
Contact Us Toll Free: 1-800-223-5275
Search
Home
Projects
Designers
Products
Interfacing
Batting
Foam & Fiber Fill
Homegoods
Elastics
About Us
About Us
Create with Pellon®
Contact Us
Helpful Tips
Frequently Asked Questions
Downloads
Blog
Pellon® ProjectsPrivacy Policy
Featured Productsmore ProductsPellon® Terry Mattress ProtectorPellon’s Luxury Terry Top Mattress Protector is a [...]Read more805 Wonder-Under®Pellon® 805 Wonder-Under® is the original paper-backed [...]Read more
Featured Designersmore DesignersVanessa LynchVanessa is the crafty and design savvy voice behind [...]Read moreTara CusterTara Custer’s love of sewing and crafting started [...]Read more
Effective Oct 1, 2010: This web site is owned and operated by Pellon Consumer Products (“PCP Group LLC”). At PCP Group, we want to ensure that you understand what information we gather about you, how we use it, and the safeguards we have in place in order to protect it. If you have additional questions or would like further information on this topic, please feel free to write to our Webmaster at webmaster@pellon.it. This Privacy Policy applies to information collected through this web site. Please note that our subsidiary Shoppellon.com’ will continue to maintain its own privacy policy. You may view Shoppellon.com’ ’s privacy policy by clicking here.
PCP Group may update this policy from time to time. Please check our policy periodically for changes. Your use of this web site, and any disputes arising from it, is subject to this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Service and all of its dispute resolution provisions including arbitration, limitation on damages and choice of law.
This Web site is a general audience site and does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 18 years of age.
What Type of Information Do We Collect? We may collect personally identifiable information (“PII” – for example, your full name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, or credit card number) from you when you voluntarily submit the information to us when you purchase items from us. We need this information in order to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status, in order to register you as a user of this site or to provide you with services. We may also collect PII from you if you choose to subscribe to our email program, or participate in sweepstakes, contests, and surveys, or in connection with content or suggestions you post on this site. We also collect non-personally identifiable information (“Non-PII” – for example, interests, hobbies, lifestyle choices, groups with whom you are affiliated) from you when you choose to provide or post non-PII information on this web site.
Non-PII may also be collected from you by means of Cookies and Pixel Tags. Cookies are small bits of information that this web site places on your computer. We and our 3rd party service providers use cookies and Pixel Tags to identify your IP address, browser type, domain name, and specific web pages through which you click. This data is collected automatically and utilized to help us look for trends to improve our web site and your interactive experience. The cookies allow us to recognize you when you return to the Web site and to provide you with a customized experience that we feel will be of value to you. The cookies that are configured by this web site do not contain any personally identifying information, such as your name, or sensitive information, such as your credit card number. Additional information regarding browser cookies and how to disable them is described below.
We may also collect additional information about you from third parties including demographic information (such as number of household members, age, and gender) and purchase preference information. We use this information to customize your experience on our web site and on other PCP Group family of business web sites and to provide you with the most relevant products, services and offers.
What Information Do We Share and with Whom? We do not rent or sell your information to outside marketers. We may share your information (as described above) with members of the PCP Group family of businesses to provide you with products or services that you have requested or to provide you with promotional offers that we believe will be of interest to you. The PCP Group family of businesses includes all PCP Group affiliates, as well as other selected businesses with which PCP Group or its affiliates have a relationship and which have agreed to adhere to our strict standards for providing quality products and services, responding to your needs, and protecting customer information.
In certain circumstances, we may share your information with service providers that need access to your information to provide operational or other support services. To ensure the confidentiality and security of your information, service providers must agree to safeguard your information in strict compliance with this policy.
We also may provide information to regulatory authorities and law enforcement officials in accordance with applicable law or when we otherwise believe in good faith that the law requires it. There may be instances when we may access or disclose your information in order to protect or defend the legal rights or property of PCP Group and its affiliated companies or their employees and agents, to protect the safety and security of users and members, and to protect against fraud.
PCP Group may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets in connection with a merger, reorganization or sale of assets, or in the event of bankruptcy. In such an event, personal information may be one of the assets transferred.
Can I Disable Cookies? Most web browsers allow you to exercise control over cookie files on your computer by erasing them, blocking them, or notifying you when such a file is stored. Please take a look at your particular browser for instructions on this function. If you do elect to disable cookies, please note that you may not be able to take full advantage of a personalized experience on this Web site and on other PCP Group family of business web sites.
What About Links to Other Web sites? This web site may contain links to other web sites outside the PCP Group family of web sites. PCP Group is not responsible for the privacy practices of other non-affiliated web sites. You should read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.
What About Online Advertisements? We partner with third-party service providers known as Ad Networks to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet. Using Cookies and Pixel Tags (also known as Web Beacons), Ad Networks collect anonymous information about your visits to our web site and other web sites in order to deliver advertisements that may be of particular interest to you. This process does not involve the collection of any personally identifiable information (PII). The Ad Networks do not know your name, phone number, address, email address or any personally identifying information.
This web site may also carry advertisements from other companies. PCP Group and its affiliates are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other companies. Once you click on an advertisement, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party or advertiser site to determine, among other things, how they will handle any PII they collect from you. These third party advertisements may also contain cookies or web beacons. We do not control these third party cookies or web beacons and you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party or advertiser site to see whether and how it uses cookies or web beacons.
We do not share any personally identifiable information about you with the advertising networks. To find out more about how the networks manage the privacy of information in conjunction with delivering ads online, please go to: www.doubleclick.com/us/corporate/privacy/ or www.atlassolutions.com/privacy2.aspx#atlas_website In addition, the Network Advertising Initiative offers useful information about Internet advertising companies; also known as ad networks, including information about how to opt-out of their information collections. See www.networkadvertising.org/participating/ for the list of NAI members and www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp for the opt-out page.
Is My Information Secure? We maintain reasonable and appropriate physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your information. Your information is located on a secured server behind a firewall. When you enter PII, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (“SSL”). While we do work very hard to protect your privacy, no method of security is 100% effective and we cannot be responsible for the actions of those who may gain unauthorized access to your personal information. PCP Group makes no warranties, express, implied or otherwise as to the ultimate effectiveness of these reasonable and appropriate safeguards.
How Can I Access My Information?You can personalize your experience on the PCP Group family of web sites by becoming a registered Member. By registering, you will be able to tell us what products and services interest you, and whether you wish to receive e-mail about special sales, promotions and other events. Once registered, you can review and maintain your account information at anytime by clicking on the ‘My Profile’ link at the top of each web site page. Your account information is secure and is accessible by using a password that you select. To become registered user, or to modify your current preferences, you can contact our Webmaster at webmaster@pellon.it.
Can I “Opt-Out” of Receiving Promotional E-mails? From time to time, we may send you e-mails with promotional offers if you opt-in to receiving such emails. If you would no longer like to receive e-mailed special event information, sales notifications or other promotional messages from this web site, you can unsubscribe from this site’s e-mail marketing list by following the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each promotional e-mail. Your e-mail address will be removed from this site’s email marketing list within 10 days.
Will I Receive Notice of Changes to the Privacy Policy? As mentioned above, from time to time we may modify this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives or changes in the law, changes in our collection or use practices, or changes in our web site’s features or technology, and such modifications shall be effective upon posting on this web site. Your continued use of this web site after we post a revised Privacy Policy signifies your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy. It is therefore important that you review this Privacy Policy regularly to ensure you are updated as to any changes.
follow us:
signup here for newsletter:
HTML Form Creator
About Us
Create with Pellon®
Pellon® Brands
Contact Us
Projects
by Project Type
by Skills
Products
Interfacing
Batting
Fusible Webs & Adhesives
Homegoods
Elastics
Brands
Odegon
Pellon® Pet Products
Pellon® Homegoods
Legacy
Pellon®
Blog
Resources
FAQ
Tips & Techniques
Downloads
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Site by T-sign Studios
Copyright © 2014 PellonProjects.com. All rights reserved.