http://www.playdatabase.com/policies.asp
Register or Log In
Current Totals: 12498 plays, 5653 writers, 356 monologues
Title
Author
playdatabase.com Policies and Terms of Use:
Welcome to playdatabase.com. The following are the rules or "Terms" that govern use of the playdatabase.com Web site ("Site"). By using or visiting the Site, you expressly agree to be bound by these Terms and to follow these Terms and all applicable laws and regulations governing the Site. playdatabase.com, reserves the right to change these Terms at any time, effective immediately upon posting on the Site. Please check this page of the Site periodically. We will note when there are updates to the Terms of Use at the bottom of the Terms. If you violate these Terms of Use, playdatabase.com may terminate your use of the Site, bar you from future use of the Site, and/or take appropriate legal action against you.
Permitted Use
You agree that you are only authorized to visit, view, and to retain a copy of pages of this Site for your own personal use, and that you shall not duplicate, download, publish, modify, or otherwise distribute the material on this Site for any purpose other than to review promotional information, or for personal use, unless otherwise specifically authorized by playdatabase.com to do so. The content and software on this Site is the property of playdatabase.com and/or its suppliers and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. We post a legal notice and various credits on pages of the Site, which may not be removed. Please do not remove this notice or these credits, or any additional information contained along with the notices and credits.
User Contributions to the Site
There are many opportunities for you to contribute to the Site. These include, among others, uploading your user profile, submitting play information, using our forums, etc. which collectively, we call "Content.". playdatabase.com is not liable or responsible for any cContent ("User Content") provided by its users or other third parties to the Site ("User Content"). The contributions of third parties do not necessarily represent the view or opinions of playdatabase.com. playdatabase.com cannot preview User Content before it appears. Users can be held liable for any illegal or prohibited User Content they provide to the Site, including among other things, infringing, defamatory or offensive materials. If you discover this kind of material on the Site, please notify us. We will investigate your claim and may then take the actions deemed appropriate.
Links and Search Results
The Site may automatically produce search results that reference or link to third party sites throughout the World Wide Web. playdatabase.com has no control over these sites or the content within them. playdatabase.com cannot guarantee, represent, or warrant that the content contained in the sites is accurate, legal, and/or inoffensive. playdatabase.com does not endorse the content of any third party site, nor do we warrant that they will not contain viruses or otherwise impact your computer. By using the Site to search for or link to another site, you agree and understand that you may not make any claim against playdatabase.com for any damages or losses, whatsoever, resulting from your use of the Site to obtain search results or to link to another site. If you have a problem with a link from the Site, please notify us and we will investigate your claim and take any actions we deem appropriate, in our sole discretion.
Prohibited Content
The following is a partial list of the kind of Content which is illegal or prohibited on the Site. It includes Content that:
is patently offensive to the online community, such as Content that promotes racism, bigotry , hatred, or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual;
could be harmful to minors;
harasses or advocates harassment of another person;
involves the transmission of "junk mail,", "chain letters,", or unsolicited mass mailing or "spamming;";
promotes information that you know is false, misleading, or promotes illegal activities, or conduct that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory, or libelous;
promotes an illegal or unauthorized copy of another person's copyrighted work, such as providing pirated computer programs or links to them, providing information to circumvent manufacture-installed copy-protect devices, or providing pirated music or links to pirated music files;
contains restricted or password only access pages, or hidden pages or images (those not linked to or from another accessible page) ;
displays pornographic or sexually explicit material of any kind;
provides material that exploits people under the age of 18 in a sexual or violent manner, or solicits personal information from anyone under 18;
provides instructional information about illegal activities such as making or buying illegal weapons, violating someone's privacy, or providing or creating computer viruses;
solicits passwords or personal identifying information for commercial or unlawful purposes from other users; and
engages in commercial activities and/or sales without our prior written consent such as contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising, and pyramid schemes.
Offline Conduct
Although playdatabase.com can not monitor the conduct of its Users off the Site, it is also a violation of these rules Terms to use any information obtained from this Site in order to harass, abuse, or harm another person, or in order to contact, advertise to, solicit, or sell to, any User user without their prior explicit consent.
Commercial Use
The bulletin board and other areas of this Site may not be used by our visitors users for any commercial purposes such as to conduct sales of merchandise or services of any kind. You must obtain our prior written consent to make commercial offers of any kind, whether by advertising, solicitations, links, or any other form of communication. We will investigate and take appropriate legal action against anyone who violates this provision, including without limitation, removing the offending communication from the Site and barring such violators from use of the Site.
Access and Interference
You agree that you will not use any robot, spider, other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy our web pages or the content contained thereon, or for any other unauthorized purpose without our prior expressed written permission. You agree that you will not use any device, software, or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the playdatabase.com web site. You agree that you will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure. You agree that you will not copy, reproduce, alter, modify, create derivative works, or publicly display any content (except for your own person, non-commercial use) from our website without the prior expressed written permission of playdatabase.com.
Unauthorized Use of the Site
Illegal and/or unauthorized uses of the Site, including, but not limited to, unauthorized ticket sales, unauthorized framing of or linking to the Site, or unauthorized use of any robot, spider or other automated devise on the site, will be investigated and appropriate legal action will be taken, including without limitation civil, criminal, and injunctive redress.
Violation of the Terms
You understand and agree that in playdatabase.com's sole discretion, and without prior notice, playdatabase.com may terminate your access to the Site and remove any unauthorized User Content, if playdatabase.com believes that the User Content you provided has violated or is inconsistent with these Terms of Use violated the rights of playdatabase.com, another User or the law. You agree that monetary damages may not provide a sufficient remedy to playdatabase.com for violations of these terms and conditions and you consent to injunctive or other equitable relief for such violations. playdatabase.com may release user information about you if required by law or subpoena, or if the information is necessary or appropriate to release to address an unlawful or harmful activity. For more information about how we handle copyright infringements on the Site, please see our Copyright Policy below.
Privacy
We believe that your privacy and the privacy of all our users is important. Please review our Privacy Policy. This policy applies to all information you supply to playdatabase.com on the Site. If you post any original cContent ("Content") other than specific User information to the Site, by electronic mail or otherwise, we will treat it as non-confidential and non-proprietary to you. By posting it to the Site, you authorize us to use or allow others to distribute, reproduce, or otherwise use the Content. playdatabase.com is not liable for any lost data resulting from the operation of our Site and/or the enforcement of the Terms. We urge all users to maintain their own back up versions of any cContent they submit to the Site.
Your playdatabase.com account information is not posted on the Site for other users to view and is subject to our Privacy Policy. Other than in your registration form, or when entering a contest on the Site that is sponsored by us, you should not post information about yourself on the Site in your profile or while otherwise using the Site that can be used to identify you, your home or work address, phone numbers, pagers, email address, or other such information. playdatabase.com cannot prevent such information from being used in a manner that violates these rulesTerms, the state or federal law, or your personal privacy and safety. By posting such information on the Site, you may violate these Terms of Use, and you assume the risks and sole liability for the results of such posting.
Copyright Policy
We will terminate the privileges of any user who uses this Site to unlawfully transmit copyrighted material without a license, express consent, valid defense or fair use exemption to do so. In particular, users who submit Content to this Site, whether articles, images, stories, software, or other copyrightable material must ensure that the Content they upload does not infringe the copyrights or other rights of third parties (such as privacy or publicity rights). After proper notification by the copyright holder or it agent to us, and confirmation through court order or admission by the user that they have used this Site as an instrument of unlawful infringement, we will may terminate the infringing users' rights to use and/or access to this Site. We may, also in our sole discretion, decide to terminate a user's rights to use or access to the Site prior to that time if we believe that the alleged infringement has occurred.
Disclaimers
playdatabase.com does not promise that the Site will be error-free, uninterrupted, nor that it will provide specific results from use of the Site or any Content, search or link on it. The Site and its Content are delivered on an "as-is" and "as-available" basis. playdatabase.com can not ensure that files you download from the Site will be free of viruses,
or contamination, or destructive features. playdatabase.com disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including also any implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. playdatabase.com will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this Site, including without limitation, direct, indirect, incidental, and punitive and consequential damages. playdatabase.com makes no guarantee of any specific result from use of this Site or use of the playdatabase.com service.
playdatabase.com disclaims any and all liability for the acts, omissions, and conduct of any third party users, playdatabase.com users, advertisers, and/or sponsors on the Site, in connection with the playdatabase.com service or otherwise related to your use of the Site and/or the playdatabase.com service. playdatabase.com is not responsible for the products, services, actions, or failure to act, of any venue, performer, promoter, or other third party in connection with or referenced on the Site. Without limiting the foregoing, you may report the misconduct of users and/or third party advertisers, service and/or product providers referenced on or included in the Site to playdatabase.com here. playdatabase.com may investigate the claim and take appropriate action, in its sole discretion.
Limitation on Liability
Except in jurisdictions where such provisions are restricted, in no event will playdatabase.com be liable to you for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special or punitive damages, including also lost profits, even if playdatabase.com has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Disputes
If there is any dispute about or involving the Site, by using the Site, you agree that the dispute will be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of law provisions. You agree to personal jurisdiction by and venue in the state and federal courts of the State of California, City of Los Angeles.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold playdatabase.com, its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, and other partners and employees, harmless from any loss, liability, claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of the Site, including also your use of the Site to provide a link to another site or to upload content or other information to the Site.
playdatabase.com Privacy Policy
playdatabase.com has created this privacy policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to protecting your personal information and informing you about how we handle it. This privacy policy only applies to transactions made, and data gathered, on the playdatabase.com web site (the "Site") and does not apply to any other web site or offline point of contact between playdatabase.com and consumers. Please review this privacy policy periodically as we may update it from time to time. This privacy policy was last revised on July 6, 2002. By visiting the Site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy.
Your IP Address
Like many websites, each time you visit the Site, we automatically collect your IP address and the web page from which you came. In order to administer and optimize the Site for you and to diagnose problems with our Site, we use your IP address to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information about you.
Cookies
Like most websites, the Site uses cookies to keep track of your activity on the Site and enhance your experience on the Site. We also use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, and, if you choose, to save your user information. Third parties advertisers on the Site may also place cookies on your browser. If you wish to disable these cookies, the "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how. However, if you set your browser to disable cookies, you may not be able to access certain areas on the Site.
Information We Collect From You
In order to operate the Site we will collect personal information (e.g. email address, user activity), and demographic information (age) from you.
How We Use Personal Information
We use your personal information to help us efficiently perform transactions on the Site. Our uses include contacting you when necessary in connection with information you may have submitted, and sending you information, offers and other promotional materials from playdatabase.com and selected third parties. We carefully select the information we send to you and attempt to send you offers, that are of value to you. The Site provides you with the option of declining to receive offers from playdatabase.com by "opting-out" of receipt of this type of communication. We will never send you communications on behalf of third parties unless we add our playdatabase.com brand to those communications.
Your personal information may be passed on to a third party in the event of a transfer of ownership, assets, or a bankruptcy of playdatabase.com. We may also disclose specific information when we determine that such disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable law or to protect the interests or safety of playdatabase.com or other visitors to the Site.
YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS WILL NEVER BE SOLD OR GIVEN TO A THIRD PARTY.
About Us - Our Policies - Contact Us - Link to Us - Advertise With Us - FAQ
Copyright 2002, playdatabase.com
Site design by Design Insomnia