https://www.awgb.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
AWGB Privacy Policy
Version 1.0                                                                                         Updated May 2018
The AWGB takes your privacy seriously and we want you to trust us. We aim to explain clearly how we use your personal information as part of running the association and how we protect it.
This privacy policy applies to the information we may obtain from you when you use the services we offer, including those on the website; when you become a member or update the information we hold.
Data Controller:
The AWGB is the data controller. We are a company limited by guarantee (company number 8135399 and AWGB Trading Ltd 8425064) and a registered charity (Charity number 1105255).
Lawful basis for processing:
We need to collect your contact information in order to maintain a list of members; contacts for clubs; contacts for members offering services; to run courses, seminars and other events.
We will obtain your consent to allow us to administer the association.
How we use the information we collect:
AWGB members:
We use your contact information to communicate with you regarding your membership. We ask for names, addresses, phone numbers and email addresses and may use any method available to us to contact you. (phone numbers and email addresses are not mandatory but they help us to keep you informed)
We use a third party mailing company to send you the quarterly “Revolutions” newsletter.
We compile a report for HMRC to enable us to claim gift aid from those members who have agreed this and we maintain archive records to comply with tax legislation.
We pass members contact details on to training providers for those who have booked courses.
Photographs taken at events may be published on the web or in the “Revolutions” newsletter.
We pass names of seminar delegates on to the accommodation providers to enable them to reserve rooms for us. If delegates have special access or dietary requirements, we also pass those details on to the accommodation providers.
Club officials and individuals under special circumstances:
The following people will be asked for consent before their information or image is published on the website or in the “Revolutions” newsletter.
Club officers.
Those offering services through our skills register.
Under 18s featured in a photograph and their parents/guardians .
Website users:
We may use cookies to facilitate services we offer on our websites. Cookies are small data files stored on your computer. These are used to improve the way the website is presented to you.
We store contact details for those who make purchases on the websites or for those who contact us so we can process the order or contact the individual.
We use web tracking technology which uses anonymised data to produce reports on website performance.
Log files are stored with website activity which may contain IP addresses.
Online payment processing is carried out by a third party service provider. The service provider uses the information they collect to process your payment and inform us the payment has been made. Records of financial transactions are kept by the payment processor.
Email Newsletter subscribers:
We use names and email addresses to send out periodic email bulletins.
Some email bulletins may also contain tracking technology to enable reports on which links were clicked and how many people opened the email.
Sharing data:
We don’t sell information to any other organisation.
We only share contact information with service providers who need it to carry out the service we have requested of them.
We may publish your information on the web or in our newsletter if you give us permission to do so.
We would disclose information to a law enforcement agency if we were required to do so or if we felt it necessary to do so in order to prevent injury / loss of life.
We may disclose information if it helped us defend against a third party claim or allegation.
Data Retention:
We hold membership details for one year after a membership lapses. This is to enable an individual to re-join with minimal effort.
We hold records for tax and finances for seven years. This includes gift aid data.
If requested by any individual (or their family in the event of death), we will remove their data from the membership database. Once done, we can no longer communicate or maintain membership records for the individual in question.
Any person receiving email bulletins can unsubscribe at any time.
Your Rights:
You have a right to know what data we hold about you. Requests should be directed to the data manager (email webmaster@awgb.co.uk).
You have a right to request rectification of incorrect data we hold about you.
You have the right to opt out of communications other than membership renewals.
You have a right to have your data erased if it is no longer necessary for us to retain it.
Where there is a dispute as to the accuracy of your data, you can request a restriction is placed on any further processing.
If you are unhappy with the way the AWGB has dealt with your complaint, you can lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office. Their address is below.
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire, SK9 5AF
Helpline: 0303 123 1113 (local rate) or ++44 1625 545 745
Search for:
Search
2021 Seminar Bookings Open
More info on the Seminar Website
Recent Posts
AWGB Covid Grant Fund
Membership Survey
Talking Turning Online Sessions
Discount offer from Brandon Bespoke
Mark Baker – Book of Condolence
Categories
AWGB News
Competitions
Demonstrations
Exhibitions
Seminar
Training
Zoom Chats