https://www.gcs-ct.org/privacy
PRIVACY POLICY
Contents:
What Information Does GCS Collect About Site Visitors?
Information that Site Visitors Give Us
Automatic Information
Email Communications
Does GCS Share the Information It Receives?
Access to Information About You
What Choices Do I Have?
Links to Third Party Sites
Children
Terms of Use, Notices, and Revisions
Your privacy is of great importance to the Greenwich Choral Society. As a user of this website (the "Site"), you are valued by GCS and We will take appropriate measures to protect the personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") provided by and collected from you on the Site in connection with the functions, facilities, products and services offered on the Site ("GCS Services").
What Information Does GCS Collect About Site Visitors?
At our Site, we do not collect Personal Information from individuals unless they provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. GCS only gathers personally identifiable data, such as names, addresses, zip/postal codes, e-mail addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by a visitor. Information that we collect falls in to three primary categories.
Information that Site Visitors Give Us: We may receive and store the information that you enter at our Site or give to us in any other way. You can always choose not to provide some or all of the information we request. This information is used solely by GCS and other entities in furtherance of GCS’s charitable activities.
Automatic Information: Whenever you interact with GCS, we receive and store certain types of information. For example, We may use "cookies" to obtain information when your web browser accesses this Site. A cookie is an alphanumeric identifier, which We transfer to your computer via your Web browser and store on your computer's hard drive.
On most web browsers you will find a "help" section on the toolbar. Please refer to this section for information on how to receive notification when you are receiving a new cookie, and how to turn cookies off.
Email Communications: In order to make the email We send you more helpful and relevant to your interests, We receive and store certain types of information. For instance, if your computer supports this functionality, We may receive a confirmation when you open an email We send you. We may also receive a confirmation when you follow a hyperlink from one of our email messages to our website. If you want to stop receiving email from us, simply hit reply and type "unsubscribe" in the subject field or contact us by email at: admin@GreenwichChoralSociety.ORG
.
Does GCS Share the Information It Receives?
We are not in the business of selling information about our Site visitors. We consider this information to be a vital part of our relationship with you and We treat it with great care and respect. There are, however, certain circumstances in which We may share your data with certain third parties. We will share Personal Information with third parties when (i) the person submitting the information authorizes us to share it; (ii) sharing the information is a necessary operation of the Site, for instance, to process a credit card transaction, or (iii) We are required to by law.
Access to Information About You
If you desire to review your own Personal Information, to correct existing information, or to remove your information, please contact GCS via email at
greenwich.choral@verizon.net
. If you request removal of your Personal Information, you acknowledge that residual information may continue to reside in GCS’s records and archives, but GCS will not use that information for commercial purposes. GCS reserves the right to maintain your Personal Information if GCS has suspended, limited, or terminated your access to our Site for violating GCS’s Terms of Use.
What Choices Do I Have?
As outlined in this Privacy Policy, you can always choose not to provide information; however, doing so may prevent you from making a donation or accessing other valuable features at our Site.
Links to Third Party Sites
You may be able to access third party websites through links available on this Site. You understand and agree that your use of such third party sites will be governed by the privacy policies of those sites and not by this Privacy Policy. GCS will not be responsible for the actions of the operators of such third party websites.
Children
GCS does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 18. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children to never provide information on this Site without their permission.
Terms of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to visit the Site, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use Agreement, including limitations on damages and application of the law of the State of Connecticut. If you have a concern about privacy at our Site, please send an email with a detailed description of your concern to
admin@GreenwichChoralSociety.ORG
and we will try to resolve it. Our activities and Site change constantly. The Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy may change also. Our use of information that we receive and store is subject to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use in effect at the time of our use of such information.