http://www.musicbizacademy.com/privacy.htm
Home | Articles | Bookstore | Promote Your Music | Music is Your Business | Subscribe Twitter | Start a Record Label | Radio Promotion | CD Art Design
| Music Career Help
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us! We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our commitment
to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for MusicBizAcademy.com
Your Email Address
The area of most concern to our visitors is how their email address is used via our ordering process. If you order
material from us, you will note that the email address field is required. Why is that? First, many of our products
are electronic books, deliverable via email. We must request your email address to deliver those products. We also
request your email address so that if there is a problem with the order we can contact you.
We do not sell or rent your email address to anyone!
Credit Card Information
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor's
contact information (like their email address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers).
Contact information from the order form is used to send orders to our customers. The customer's contact information
is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary.
Financial information that is collected is used only to bill the user for products and services and is never sold
or rented!
Some of our materials (books) are mailed to you directly from the publishers. In these cases, we do provide our
publishers with your contact information so that they, too, may contact you if necessary about your order.
Links to Third Party Web Sites
This web site contains links to other sites. We are not responsible
for the privacy practices or the content of web sites we link to.
Email Newsletter / Opt-Out
Our newsletter, the Music Biz Academy Digest, is mailed
out only to visitors who subscribe. We never automatically subscribe you. If you order from us, you do not automatically
subscribe to our newsletter.
If you are receiving our newsletter and would like to unsubscribe at any time, you mail do so by sending an email
to MusicBizAcademy-unsubscribe@yahoogroups.com .
Questions?
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices
of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
David Nevue
Midnight Rain Productions
P.O. Box 21831
Eugene, OR 97402
management@rainmusic.com
Please be sure to include all relevant information.