http://www.ecfaweb.org/contact-data-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
ECFA R Contact, Data Privacy Policy
Contact
General Secretary:
Felix Vanginderhuysen
European Children’s Film Association
Place de l’Amitié 6
1160 Brussels
Belgium
Phone: +32-475-55-02-97
E-mail: mail@ecfaweb.org
ECFA-Journal
Gert Hermans
European Children’s Film Association
Place de l’Amitié 6
1160 Brussels
Belgium
Phone: +32-3-303-43-18
E-mail: journal@ecfaweb.org
ECFA’s Website Editor:
Reinhold T. Schöffel
Berliner Str. 284
63067 Offenbach am Main
Deutschland
Phone: +49-69-9043 58 68
E-mail: RTSchoeffel@t-online.de
ECFA’s Board Members
The ECFA Team
Data Privacy Policy
Our website may be used without entering personal information. Different rules may apply to certain services on our site, however, and are explained separately below. We collect personal information from you (e.g. name, address, email address, telephone number, etc.) in accordance with the provisions of German data protection statutes. Information is considered personal if it can be associated exclusively to a specific natural person. The legal framework for data protection may be found in the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) and the Telemedia Act (TMG). The provisions below serve to provide information as to the manner, extent and purpose for collecting, using and processing personal information by the provider.
European Children’s Film Association
Phone: +32-3-303-43-18
mail@ecfaweb.org
Please be aware that data transfer via the internet is subject to security risks and, therefore, complete protection against third-party access to transferred data cannot be ensured.
Server Data
For technical reasons, data such as the following, which your internet browser transmits to us or to our web space provider (so called server log files), is collected:
– type and version of the browser you use
– operating system
– websites that linked you to our site (referrer URL)
– websites that you visit
– date and time of your visit
– your Internet Protocol (IP) address.
This anonymous data is stored separately from any personal information you may have provided, thereby making it impossible to connect it to any particular person. The data is used for statistical purposes in order to improve our website and services.
Newsletter
Our website offers you the opportunity to subscribe to our newsletter. The newsletter provides you periodically with information about our services. To receive our newsletter, we require a valid email address. We will review the email address you provide for the purpose of determining whether you are in fact the owner of the email address provided or whether the actual owner of said address is authorized to receive the newsletter. When subscribing to our newsletter, we will store your IP address as well as the date and time you subscribed. This serves to protect us in the event a third party improperly and without your knowledge makes use of your email address to subscribe to our newsletter. We will not collect any other data. The data thereby collected is used solely for the purpose of receiving our newsletter. No data is transferred to third parties. Nor is any of this information matched to any information that other components of our website may collect. You may cancel your subscription to the newsletter at any time. You will find additional details in the email confirming your subscription as well as in each newsletter.
Use of Facebook components
Our website employs components provided by facebook.com. Facebook is a service of Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA.
Each time our website receives an access request equipped with a Facebook component, the component prompts your browser to download an image of this Facebook component. Through this process, Facebook is informed precisely which page of our website is being visited.
When you access our site while logged into Facebook, Facebook uses information gathered by this component to identify the precise page you are viewing and associates this information to your personal account on Facebook. Whenever you click on the “Like“ button, for example, or enter a comment, this information is transmitted to your personal account on Facebook and stored there. In addition, Facebook is informed of your visit to our website. This occurs regardless of whether you click on a component or not.
If you wish to prevent the transfer to and storage of data by Facebook about you and your interaction with our website, you must first log out of Facebook before visiting our website. The data protection policies of Facebook provide additional information, in particular about the collection and use of data by Facebook, your rights in this regard as well as the options available to you for protecting your privacy:https://de-de.facebook.com/about/privacy/
You can find an overview of Facebook plugins at https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/
Use of YouTube components with enhanced data protection mode
On our website we use components (videos) of YouTube, LLC 901 Cherry Ave., 94066 San Bruno, CA, USA, a company belonging to Google Inc., Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
To this end, we use the “ – enhanced data protection mode – ” option provided by YouTube.
When you display a page that has an embedded video, a connection will be made to the YouTube server and the content will appear on the website via a communication to your browser.
According to the information provided by YouTube, in “ – enhanced data protection mode -”, data is only transferred to the YouTube server, in particular which of our websites you have visited, if you watch the video. If you are logged onto YouTube at the same time, this information will be matched to your YouTube member account. You can prevent this from happening by logging out of your member account before visiting our website.
Further information about data protection by YouTube is provided by Google under the following link:
https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/
Information/Cancellation/Deletion
On the basis of the Federal Data Protection Act, you may contact us at no cost if you have questions relating to the collection, processing or use of your personal information, if you wish to request the correction, blocking or deletion of the same, or if you wish to cancel explicitly granted consent. Please note that you have the right to have incorrect data corrected or to have personal data deleted, where such claim is not barred by any legal obligation to retain this data.
Sample Data Privacy Policy Statement provided by the Law Offices of Weiß & Partner
We want you! Become an ECFA member.
read more