https://www.yeatssociety.com/privacy/
Privacy
Yeats Society Sligo Website Privacy Statement
This statement relates to our privacy practices in connection with the Yeats Society Sligo website. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites that have links on our website.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or how we handle your personal information, please contact us:
T: 071 914 2693 or
Email: info@yeatssociety.com
General Statement
Yeats Society Sligo, as operators of www.yeatssociety.com, respects your rights to privacy. Any personal information you provide will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality, strictly in compliance with current data protection legislation.
Collection and use of personal information
Yeats Society Sligo does not collect any personal data about you, apart from information you volunteer, for example by emailing us or contacting us through our enquiry form.
What information do we collect about you?
When you email us or contact us through our enquiry form we collect personally identifiable information provided by you, which can include your name, postal address, telephone number and email address.
How will your information be used?
Yeats Society Sligo process the personal data you give us to respond to your queries and/or information requests.
Who receives your information?
Yeats Society Sligo will not sell, trade or swap your personal details with third parties.
Any emails sent to us and any messages received through our online contact form are recorded and forwarded to the relevant person within Yeats Society Sligo. The sender’s email address will remain visible to all personnel tasked with dealing with the query. Yeats Society Sligo treats all information received in emails in the strictest of confidence.
Please be aware that it is the sender’s responsibility to ensure that the content of their emails is within the bounds of the law. Unsolicited material of a criminal nature will be reported to the relevant authorities and blocked.
How long will your personal data be held?
Yeats Society Sligo will keep your personal information only for as long as required by us:
To provide you with the services you have requested;
To comply with our statutory, legal, regulatory and contractual obligations.
Security of your information
Our website runs on a secure server hosted by Blacknight our website hosting service provider. The nature of the Internet is such that we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us via the Internet. No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
However, once we receive your personal data we will take all reasonable steps to protect your personal data from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction and to prevent any unauthorised or unlawful disclosure or processing.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies session cookies.
Please see our Cookie Policy.
What are your rights?
Under data protection legislation you have the following rights:
the right to access the personal data we hold about you;
the right to object to the processing of your personal data;
the right to data portability;
the right to complain about processing of your data carried out by us;
the right to object to automated decision making;
the right for your personal data to be updated; and
the right to be forgotten.
Please visit http://gdprandyou.ie/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/Rights-of-Individuals-under-the-General-Data-Protection-RegulationAmendedApril.pdf for further information on your rights.
If you wish to exercise any of your rights listed above or update you contact details held by us, please contact us:
Email: info@yeatssociety.com
How to make a complaint:
If you are unhappy with the way in which your personal data has been processed, you may in the first instance contact Yeats Society Sligo using the contact details above.
If you remain dissatisfied, then you have the right to make a complaint directly to the Data Protection Commissioner. The Data Protection Commissioner can be contacted as follows:
The Data Protection Commissioner
Canal House,
Station Road,
Portarlington,
Co. Laois
R32 AP23
Email: info@dataprotection.ie
This Privacy Statement was updated on 6th September 2019. It is subject to change, please check our website regularly to see recent changes.
© Yeats Society Sligo
Upcoming Events There are no upcoming events at this time.
Yeats Society Sligo Tel: +353 7191 42693
Email: info@yeatssociety.com
Yeats Building
Hyde Bridge
Sligo, F91 DVY4
Ireland
Opening Times: Yeats Building:
Tuesday to Saturday
11am – 3pm
Hyde Bridge Gallery:
Tuesday to Saturday 11am – 4pm
Penny Café:
Thursday to Saturday 11am – 4pm
Become a Member Support us by becoming a Member of the Yeats Society Sligo, to help build it to a lively and busy cultural institution.
Join
Donate We are grateful for the support of donations to Yeats Society Sligo.
Donate here
Website funded by the Department of Rural and Community Development.
Scroll to top
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.OKLearn moreCookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, you cannot refuse them without impacting how our site functions. You can block or delete them by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website.
Google Analytics Cookies
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customise our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
If you do not want that we track your visist to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here: Click to enable/disable Google Analytics tracking.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Maps.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Privacy Policy
You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
Privacy
Accept settingsHide notification onlyCheck to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.Open Message Bar