http://www.theatredesign.org.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
The Society of British Theatre Designers is committed to safeguarding the privacy of it’s members and users.
It is our policy that any information given to us by you is private and confidential. Accordingly, the personal information you provide to us is stored in a secure location, and is accessible only by designated members of the society. It will be used only for the purposes for which you provide the information. We will not sell, rent or trade any personal information you provide to us. This information may be used for any correspondence with members/users including support calls and emails.
Our computers are not set up to track, collect or distribute personal information about our visitors. They recognize the home server of visitors, but not e-mail addresses. For example, we can tell which Internet Service Provider our visitors use, but not the names, addresses or other information about our visitors that would allow us to identify the particular visitors to our site. In addition, our web site tracks information about the visits to our web site. For example, we compile statistics that show the daily number of visitors to our site, the daily requests we receive for particular files on our web site, and what countries those requests come from. These aggregated statistics are used internally to better provide services to the public, but again, the statistics contain no personal information and cannot be used to gather such information.
We will not pass any of your information to any third parties unless you have given prior permission to do so.
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information on-line in guest books, message boards, through email, in chat, by entering contests, posting a contact reference on your portfolio, etc. – that information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information on-line that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages that are completely beyond our control and responsibility.
Ultimately, members are solely responsible for their actions when on-line, and for keeping their passwords, and all other personal information private.
We are committed to providing our services in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
If you have any questions please contact us.
Want to join our community?
Membership is open to you at every stage of your career. We are also very keen to encourage practitioners from associated fields of work to join us.
Join Us
Already a member? Sign In