http://www.poehcenter.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
818-272-5714
Privacy Policy:SEO Center ("SEO Center") operates poehcenter.com and may operate other websites. It is SEO Center's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, SEO Center collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. SEO Center's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how SEO Center's visitors use its website. From time to time, SEO Center may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
SEO Center also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on poehcenter.com blogs/sites. SEO Center only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to SEO Center's websites choose to interact with SEO Center in ways that require SEO Center to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that SEO Center gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at poehcenter.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with SEO Center are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, SEO Center collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with SEO Center. SEO Center does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
SEO Center may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. SEO Center may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, SEO Center does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
SEO Center discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on SEO Center's behalf or to provide services available at SEO Center's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using SEO Center's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. SEO Center will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, SEO Center discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when SEO Center believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of SEO Center, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an SEO Center website and have supplied your email address, SEO Center may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with SEO Center and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. SEO Center takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. SEO Center uses cookies to help SEO Center identify and track visitors, their usage of SEO Center website, and their website access preferences. SEO Center visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using SEO Center's websites, with the drawback that certain features of SEO Center's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If SEO Center, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that SEO Center goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of SEO Center may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by SEO Center and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, SEO Center may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in SEO Center's sole discretion. SEO Center encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a poehcenter.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Search for:
Recent Posts
Why You Need a Professional SEO Marketing Company
Why You Need to Outsource the Services of SEO Agencies
Top Benefits of Digital Marketing
Types of Search Engine Marketing
How to Pick a Graphics Designing Firm
Simple Ways to Get a Web Developing Company
How Will a SEO Company Help You?
pinterest
December 2020
T
F
S
S
M
T
W
« Nov
12
3456789
10111213141516
17181920212223
24252627282930
31
twitter
Tweets by @ZpedyX7rnloRCIt
Categories
Blogging
Marketing
Printing
Programming
SEO
Web design
Meta
Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org
TagsBrand Logo
Business Logo
Company Logo
content
developer
digital marketing
Graphics Designing
internet
internet marketing
Marketing
mobile devices
Online Marketing
parallel profits
posts
readers
referral
reviews
SEM
SEO
SEO agency
seo expert
websites
Pages
About Us
Effective Tips for Video Production
Get In Touch
Privacy Policy
Terms
MENU
Navigation
Home
Video Marketing
Programming
Blogging
Privacy Policy
Terms
About Us
Get In Touch
Search for: