http://www.calgaryopera.com/privacy
What's On
The Yuletide Sessions
2021-22 Season
Fidelio
The Merry Widow
La Traviata
Opera Brunch
Master Class
Calendar
Tickets
Buy Now
Ticket Packages
Allegro - 35 & Under
Ways to Save
Gift Certificates
Visit
Getting Here
Plan Your Visit
Opera Talks
Accessibility
Seating Map
Discover
News and Press
Education
Community
Videos
Artists
Synopses
Archives
Support
Sponsor
Become a Member
Planned Giving
Volunteer
Advertise
Partners
Raffle
About
What We Do
Jobs and Auditions
News and Press
Contact Us
LOGIN
Donate
Privacy Policy  Calgary Opera Personal Information Protection PolicyCalgary Opera is committed to safeguarding the personal information entrusted to us by our patrons. We manage your personal information in accordance with Alberta’s Personal Information Protection Act and other applicable laws. This policy outlines the principles and practices we follow in protecting your personal information.This policy applies to Calgary Opera and any person providing services on our behalf. A copy of this policy is provided to any patron upon request.WHAT IS PERSONAL INFORMATION?Personal information means information about an identifiable individual. This includes an individual’s name, home address, phone number, email address, age, sex, marital or family status, an identifying number, financial information, educational history, etc.What Personal Information do We collect?We collect only the personal information that we need for the purposes of providing services to our patrons. This information may include your name, contact information, ticketing and donor history, seating preferences, credit card information, and patron communications such as letters or verbal feedback.We normally collect this information when you purchase tickets or provide us with financial or volunteer support. It may come to us through your phone call, email, fax, or mail order, or when you visit our Box Office.ConsentWe inform our patrons, before or at the time of collecting personal information, of the purposes for which we are collecting the information. The only time we don’t provide this notification is when a client volunteers information for an obvious purpose (for example, producing a credit card for renewing or adding to a current subscription account held with us).A patron may withdraw consent to the use and disclosure of personal information at any time, unless the personal information is necessary for us to fulfill our legal obligations. We will respect your decision, but we may not be able to provide you with certain products and services if we do not have the necessary personal information.How do we use and disclose personal information?Calgary Opera uses personal information for billing purposes, to mail tickets and tax receipts, and to contact patrons about current & upcoming opera programming, special events, and special offers. Personal information may also be used for phone calls to sell subscriptions, tickets and solicit donations.We make every effort to co-ordinate points of contact so that our patrons do not receive more than a reasonable number of letters or phone calls. If you do not wish to receive updates and information from Calgary Opera, you may call us at 403-262-7286, or write to us at: Calgary Opera, 1315 – 7 Street SW, Calgary, AB, T2R 1A5. When you contact us, please let us know if you do not wish to receive mail, phone calls, or emails.Calgary Opera never rents, sells or trades the personal information of subscribers, donors, sponsors or volunteers with any organization. If we share your information with an outside organization (such as a mailing house sending out postcards) we have a contract binding them to the same strict privacy controls that we use ourselves.If we wish to use or disclose your personal information for any new business purpose, we will first ask for your consent.How do We safeguard Personal Information?Personal information is stored in our database and, on rare occasion, in hard copy files. Information in electronic format is password-protected in secure data files. Information in hard copy format is stored in a locked or restricted area at all times. Only authorized Calgary Opera personnel have access to this information.Personal information is retained only as long as is reasonable to fulfill the purposes for which the information was collected or for legal or business purposes. We destroy paper files containing personal information by shredding. We destroy electronic information by deleting it, and, when the hardware is discarded, we ensure that the hard drive is physically destroyed.Calgary Opera values our patrons and their right to privacy, and are committed to ensuring that we are in strict adherence with Canada’s Anti-Spam Legislation in all of our digital communications.We make every reasonable effort to ensure that patron information is accurate and complete. We rely on our patrons to notify us if there is a change to their personal information that may affect their relationship with our organization. If you are aware of an error in our information about you, please let us know and we will correct it on request wherever possible. In some cases (such as a change of name for a subscription account) we may ask for a written request for correction.Access to records containing Personal InformationPatrons of Calgary Opera have a right of access to their own personal information in a record that is in our custody or under our control, subject to some exceptions. For example, organizations are required under the Personal Information Protection Act to refuse to provide access to information that would reveal personal information about another individual.You may make a request for access to your personal information by writing to:Ashley MellerDirector of Marketing & PRCalgary Opera1315 – 7 Street SWCalgary, AB T2R 1A5E-mail: ameller@calgaryopera.comPlease provide sufficient information in your request to allow us to identify the information you are seeking. You may also request information about our use of your personal information and any disclosure of that information to persons outside our organization. Questions and complaintsIf you have a question or concern about any collection, use or disclosure of personal information by Calgary Opera, or about a request for access to your own personal information, please contact the Box Office at (403) 262-7286 to update your file. If you are not satisfied with the response you receive, you should contact the Information and Privacy Commissioner of Alberta:Office of the Information and Privacy Commissioner of AlbertaSuite 2640, 801 – 6 Avenue SWCalgary, Alberta T2P 3W2Phone: 403-297-2728Toll Free: 1-888-878-4044Fax: 403-297-2711E-mail: generalinfo@oipc.ab.caWebsite: www.oipc.ab.ca LinksCRTC releases anti-spam guidance for charities
Sign up to receive updates and special offers from Calgary Opera
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER