https://www.anthonyburgess.org/terms-of-use/
The Foundation
Privacy policy
GDPR
We have a legal duty to protect any personal information we collect from you.
The International Anthony Burgess Foundation is the data controller for this website. We do not capture and store any personal information about people who access this website, except where they voluntarily choose to give us your personal details via email, or by using an electronic form, or enquiring directly about any of our services.
In these circumstances, any personal information supplied will only be used to provide the information or service requested. Personal information is not disclosed to third parties unless this is indicated on the webpage and/or relevant form at the point of collecting information, or as required by law.
Please note unless encrypted, email messages sent via the internet may not be secure and could be intercepted and read by someone else. Please bear this in mind when deciding whether to include personal or sensitive information in any email messages.
Statistical data
We automatically collect data about usage patterns on our website. This information is not used to identify any individual. It is only collected to provide us with an understanding of how our site is used and is kept only for as long as required for this purpose.
Use of cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. If this is agreed to, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any personal information, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
The website uses Google Analytics to collect statistical data – please visit Google Analytics Terms Of Service for full details.
Changes to this privacy policy
If this privacy policy changes in any way, we will place an updated version on this page.
Who to contact about the policy
Please email info@anthonyburgess.org or call 0161 235 0776.
Share | Print
BACK TO TOP
Related Blog posts
Anthony Burgess: Collected Poems
Will Carr
The Earthly Powers Bookshelf: Somerset Maugham’s Malaysian Short Stories
Graham Foster
Lynne Burgess at 100
Andrew Biswell
Job opportunity: Finance Officer (maternity cover)
Burgess Foundation
SEE ALL NEWS AND BLOG POSTS