http://www.bandshoppe.com/helpFAQ.html
MY ACCOUNT
CONTACT US
(800) 457-3501
sales@bandshoppe.com
MenuHelp & Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)Click on a question to view help answers. If you have any questions not addressed here, please contact our Customer Care Team directly at (800)457-3501, by email at wecare@bandshoppe.com, or Contact us Online.For faster service, remember to always include your order number with all communications. Why doesn't Band Shoppe offer coupon codes or school discounts? Band Shoppe is proud to offer every day low prices without relying on high/low pricing (a marketing tactic where a store initially charges a higher price for a product and then later discounts that price). If we do happen to offer a site-wide discount, this code would come directly from the Band Shoppe Newsletter or a Band Shoppe Sales Team member and never from a 3rd party site. We do however offer a biannual Custom Guard Sale, Holiday Gift Packages, and offer great savings in our Clearance Section.By the way, you may have noticed that our checkout has a "Vouchers & gift cards" box. This area is used to redeem Gift Cards and the one-time-use voucher codes we occasionally give to customers when something goes wrong. How do I measure students for new uniforms? If you are not exactly sure how to measure for a new uniform, taking your group's measurements for those new uniforms can seem like a daunting task. Band Shoppe wants to take the stress out of this crucial step with your uniform purchase. That’s why we are excited to share our step-by-step uniform measurements instruction video that walks you through the entire process.  Click here to view our measuring video× Measuring Video Download a Measurment form Close What forms of payment do you accept? Band Shoppe accepts the following forms of payment:  Visa, Master Card, Discover, JBC, Diners Club, and PayPal are accepted through our secure checkout system. Cardholders must provide valid Name, Billing Address, Telephone Number, Card Number, and Expiration Date. To pay via Purchase Order, please contact our Sales Team toll-free at (800)457-3501 or via email at sales@bandshoppe.com. Note: Mailed, faxed, or emailed copy of an Official School or District Purchase Order signed by Superintendent, Principal, or Business Manager is required. Payment Terms are Net 30 Days. We do not process orders from phoned in purchase order numbers alone. Orders will be processed when the purchase order copy is received. Booster and Organization Purchase Orders will not be accepted along with any other group that is not associated with a state-recognized school or district. Please be sure Purchase Orders include the Purchase Order number, Billing Address, Shipping Address, a List of items you are purchasing including size, color, and gender, the approved amount including shipping and handling charges and authorized signature. If we need to verify your Purchase Order, manufacturing will begin on the date of verification. To pay via Check by Phone, please contact Sales Team toll-free at (800)457-3501, you must provide a bank routing number, checking account number, and check number used. How much do you charge for shipping? With a few exceptions, Band Shoppe does not charge our customers extra for heavy or oversized items delivered using our Standard Service. You will pay only one shipping and handling charge that is based on the total value of your order. We determine the most economical shipping carrier for your order. Most items are shipped by UPS or USPS. Some larger items ship by truck carrier. We have adjusted our shipping methods to offer the best possible value.Visit our Shipping Information page for our shipping chart and estimated shipping times. How do I change quantities or cancel my order? Unfortunately, once your payment has been submitted you cannot modify or cancel your order. If you have any questions, contact our Customer Care Team at (800)457-3501 or by email at wecare@bandshoppe.com. How long will it take for my package to arrive? Most items ship via UPS or USPS. Transit time depends on the service you select. Credit card orders are processed immediately and in stock items will ship in 1 – 3 business days. Packages typically arrive in 2-5 business days depending on your location. Custom items are produced on a manufacturing schedule. If you need your order by a specific date, please consider upgrading your shipping to ensure timely arrival. We cannot guarantee the exact arrival date of orders shipped using our Standard Service. Items shipped by truck carrier may take up to 2 weeks. Visit our Shipping Information page for our shipping chart and estimated shipping times. Has my order shipped yet? Can I get a copy of my invoice? To view the status of your order or download a copy of your invoice, log in and then go to My Account > Order Status. Or click here to to be taken directly to the Order Status page. If you find that your invoice is missing items, or if you have any questions regarding your our please contact our Customer Care Team at (800)457-3501 or email at wecare@bandshoppe.com. Do you ship internationally? Band Shoppe is happy to ship orders world wide. All orders are shipped via UPS or Priority Mail International. In order to provide the most cost effective shipping meathod, you must contact our Contact Customer Team via email at wecare@bandshoppe.com to complete your order. Any published shipping charges do not apply to orders shipped beyond the continental United States. Duties/Taxes/Brokerage Clearance Charges In all cases, the recipient is responsible for all duties and taxes levied by the local governing authority along with any costs associated with clearing the shipment with their respective customs authorities. We are not able to estimate these charges. If you need to estimate your local costs, we suggest you contact the appropriate authorities with your order information. Shipping Timeline International orders may take additional time to process due to the completion of additional documents required for shipping and item availability as all items must come into our main warehouse before orders can be shipped. As a matter of practice, we ship all international orders once they are complete to minimize the shipping expense to our customers. If you require certain items to be shipped as soon as available, please notify us in writing and we will quote the shipping costs based on your requirements. Please note: Shipping international orders in "multiple shipments" is considerably more expensive. Something was damaged during shipping, what do I do? At Band Shoppe, we take great care packing and shipping your merchandise to ensure your order arrives safely. If you suspect shipping damage when you receive your order, please take the following steps:  Ask the delivery driver to note the damage at the time of delivery if possible.  If the item was shipped via truck carrier, please note the damage on the bill of lading prior to signing. If the item appears to be badly damaged, please call Band Shoppe Customer Care at (800)457-3501 for further assistance before the driver leaves your facility.  Open all packages immediately and save all shipping and packing material.  Notify our Customer Care Team for replacement of your damaged items at (800)457-3501 or email us at wecare@bandshoppe.com. My order never arrived or items are missing from my shipment, what do I do? If your order is lost or missing items, first check your order status to confirm that all of the items in your order have shipped. If so, please check with the carrier service to confirm that your packages were delivered. If your order shows a status of "delivered", please contact our Customer Care Team at (800)457-3501 or via email at wecare@bandshoppe.com. What is your return policy? Band Shoppe offers a 30-day Return policy on most stock items. Electronics have a 15-day Return policy. Before items are returned, you must first obtain a Return Authorization Number from our Customer Care Team by calling (800)457-3501 or email wecare@bandshoppe.com.Please read our full returns policy at bandshoppe.com/returns. What are your Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policies? The Band Shoppe Terms & Conditions are available here, and must be aggreed upon BEFORE your order is submitted. Band Shoppe takes your privacy very seriosly, our Privacy Policy can be viewed here. This website is protected with SSL (secure socket layer) encryption, the highest standard in Internet security. Where is Band Shoppe located? Our offices, warehouse, and manufacturing facilities are all located under one roof in Southern Indiana. And when you call us at Band Shoppe, we answer our own phones – you will never be connected to a call center.