http://www.mst3k.com/terms-conditions
facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube
Search the Site
Search
Toggle navigation
Close Navbar
ABOUT
About The Show
Characters
Episode List
Where to Watch
FAQ
Backers List
Contact
NEWS
VIDEO
TOUR
SHOP
TWITCH
Search Site
Go
Terms & Conditions
Introduction
This Web website (the “Site”) is owned and operated by Satellite of Love, LLC (SOL) for your personal entertainment, information, education and communication. It is important to us that you, and our other visitors, have the best possible time while using our Site, and that when you use this Site you are fully aware of our respective legal rights and obligations. For that reason, we have created these Terms of Use (“Terms of Use”) as the legally binding terms to govern your use of this Site. Please read these Terms of Use carefully before using the Site, because they affect your legal rights and obligations. By accessing and browsing the Site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the Terms of Use. SOL may decide to change this Terms of Use policy from time to time in any way, at any time without notice. In that event, any such changes will be posted to this page. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current Terms of Use to which you are bound.
Privacy
Your visit to our site is also governed by our Privacy Policy.
Restrictions on Use of Site and Materials
SOL grants you a limited, revocable, nonexclusive license to use this site solely for your own personal use and not for republication, distribution, assignment, sublicense, sale, preparation of derivative works, or other use. The use of this website is at the discretion of SOL, and we may terminate your use of this website at any time. The Site contains material which is derived in whole or in part from material supplied by SOL and other sources, and is protected by international copyright and trademark laws. No material (including but not limited to the text, images, audio and/or video) and no software (including but not limited to any images or files incorporated in or generated by the software or data accompanying such software) (individually and collectively the “Materials”) may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way or decompiled, reverse engineered or disassembled, except that you may download one copy of the Materials on any single computer for your personal, non-commercial home use only, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. Modification of the Materials or use of the Materials for any other purpose is a violation of SOL’s or such other sources’ copyright, trademark and other proprietary rights. The use of any such Materials on any other Website or networked computer environment is prohibited without SOL’s express written consent.
Digital Content
SOL offers downloads of digitized versions of audio and video recordings, artwork and information relating to such audio and video recordings, and other content (collectively, "Digital Content"). Rights Granted. Upon payment for Digital Content, we grant you a non-exclusive, non-transferable right to use the Digital Content only for your personal, non-commercial, entertainment use. Restrictions. You must comply with all applicable copyright and other laws in your use of the Digital Content. You may not redistribute, transmit, assign, sell, broadcast, rent, share, lend, modify, adapt, edit, license or otherwise transfer or use the Digital Content. We do not grant you any synchronization, public performance, promotional use, commercial sale, resale, reproduction or distribution rights for the Digital Content.
Submissions/Communications
SOL has a company policy that does not allow SOL to accept or consider creative ideas, suggestions or materials other than those SOL has specifically requested or have developed internally. It is the intent of this policy to avoid the possibility of misunderstandings when projects developed by SOL’s staff might seem to others to be similar to their own creative ideas, suggestions or materials. If you do send us any creative materials, including creative suggestions, ideas, notes, drawings, concepts or other information, or if you transmit to the Site by electronic mail or otherwise, communications including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like (collectively, the “Information”), the Information shall be deemed, and shall remain, the property of SOL. None of the Information shall be subject to any obligation of confidence on the part of SOL, and SOL shall not be liable for any use or disclosure of any Information. SOL shall exclusively own any now known or hereafter existing rights to the Information of every kind and nature throughout the universe and shall be entitled to unrestricted use of the Information for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, without compensation to the provider of the Information.
Limitation of Liability/Disclaimer
If you are dissatisfied with any of the Materials contained in the Site, or with any of these Terms and Conditions, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue accessing and using the Site. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, neither SOL nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the Site. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the site is provided to you “as is,” without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties or merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. You specifically acknowledge and agree that SOL is not liable for any defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of any user. SOL also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Site (including any so-called “bulletin board”) or your downloading of any Materials from the Site.
close
close
close
Item successfully added to your cart
Qty
Item
Description
Price
Total
View Cart
Checkout