https://www.sjesoft.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy
Updated: 3/30/2020The following privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for SJESoft.com.At SJESoft.com, we recognize that the privacy of our visitors’ personal information is important. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this website. This privacy policy contains information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you visit SJESoft.com, and how we safeguard this information. It will notify you of the following:What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.Information Collection, Use, and SharingWe are the sole owners of the information collected on this website. We only have access to and collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.We will use your information to respond to you, in regard to the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request (e.g., to ship an order).All updates to this privacy policy will be available here.Your Access to and Control Over InformationYou may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via our contact form given on our website:See what data we have about you, if any.Change/correct any data we have about you.Have us delete any data we have about you.Express any concern you have about our use of your data.Do Not Sell My Personal InformationAs mentioned in the “Information Collection, Use, and Sharing” section above, we do not sell or rent your personal information to anyone.For additional protection, our website disables third-party cookies on your first visit by default. You can also inform our website to keep third-party cookies disabled by clicking on the “NO” button found at the bottom of all pages of this website displaying the following banner alert:“We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. By browsing our website, you agree to our privacy policy. We also use third-party cookies to assist in improving our content. Enable third-party cookies?”See our DNSMPI page for more information.Do Not Track RequestsThis website does not respond to “Do Not Track” browser requests.SecurityWe take precautions to protect your information. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (e.g., billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.LinksThis website contains links to other external websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other such sites. We encourage our users to be aware of this information when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.Log FilesAs with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files for lawful purposes. The information in the log files include information such as your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider), the browser you used to visit our site, the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site. We utilize this data for the business critical purposes of preventing, investigating and troubleshooting security events, fraud events, and technical events, and to in part, to protect the intellectual property and copyrights of SJESoft.com.First-Party CookiesWe use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and save preferences of repeat visitors to our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.Third-Party Cookies: Google AnalyticsWe also utilize Google Analytics technology on our web pages. The Analytics technology collects and analyzes similar information to that found in log files. We utilize this information for the purposes of improving content delivered to you, as well as advertising, marketing and public relations. All of the data collected is anonymized, and this includes the anonymization of the IP address of each visitor. Please see Google’s privacy policy here for additional information. By default, you may opt-in to receiving third party cookies related to Google Analytics. You may also choose to opt-out of Google Analytics for any website visited by your browser, by visiting and installing the “Get Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.”Third-Party Cookies: Google AdSenseThis site is also publishes ads for the Google AdSense Program. Google utilizes cookies to help serve the ads it displays on the websites of its partners, such as websites displaying Google ads or participating in Google certified ad networks. Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to this website or other websites. Google’s use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to you based on your visit to this website and/or other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting Google’s Ads Settings. You may also opt out of cookies for personalized advertising by visiting www.aboutads.info.Some of Your Other ChoicesYou can also choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as your anti-virus/security software. This, in turn, may affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via our contact form.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. By browsing our website, you agree to our privacy policy. We also use third-party cookies to assist in improving our content. Enable third-party cookies?YesNoRead moreYou can revoke your consent any time using the Revoke consent button.Revoke Cookies