http://www.mushroomcovers.co.uk/privacy-policy
mushroom covers
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY AND SECURITYAt JAM Percussion Ltd. we respect your privacy and are committed to maintaining it. Full details of our privacy policy are given below. We use the information you provide us:    * to administer your account. We may disclose your details to our third party service providers for the purpose of processing your order.    * to, from time to time, inform you by post, email or other available means of products, services, promotions and special offers from us.    * to contact you by telephone or email if there is a query regarding your order.We will treat all your Personal Information as confidential (although we reserve the right to disclose this information in the circumstances set out below). We will keep it on a secure server and we will fully comply with all applicable UK Data Protection and Consumer legislation..When you shop on this Website we will ask you to input your Personal Information  such as your name, email address, billing address, delivery address, telephone number, product selections, credit card or other payment information along with a password. We may also collect information about your location (eg. the URL you came from, IP address, domain types e.g. .co.uk and .com), your browser type, the country and telephone area code where your computer is located, the pages of our website that you viewed during your visit and any search terms that you entered on our website ("User Information"). We may collect this information even if you do not register with us.You should also be aware that this site is being monitored and it may capture information about your visit that will help us improve the quality of our service.You agree that you do not object to us contacting you for any of the above purposes whether by telephone, email or in writing and that you confirm you do not, and will not, consider any of the above as being a breach of any of your rights under the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003.When you create a shopping account whilst ordering online you will be given the option to receive information from JAM Percussion Ltd. by post, email or telephone, about products, promotions or special offers which we feel may be of interest to you. In the event that you do not wish to be contacted for such purposes, ensure that you tick the appropriate box as you go through the registration process. You may unsubscribe from our contact list at any time by replying to a promotional email with the word "unsubscribe" in the subject line or by emailing us at mail@jampercussion.com or telephoning us on 0203 1433525Your Personal Information will not  be disclosed to any other business and we will not release your Personal Information to any company outside of JAM Percussion Ltd for mailing or marketing purposes.You should be aware that if we are requested by the police or any other regulatory or government authority investigating suspected illegal activities to provide your Personal Information and /or User Information, we are required by law do so.CookiesWe use Cookies to keep track of your current shopping session and to personalise your experience so that you may retrieve your shopping basket at any time. If you do not accept Cookies you will be unable to use this Website.