http://www.helenviolinmaker.com/privacy-policy
0161 972 0839 helen@helenviolinmaker.com
By using this website you (or whomever you use it on behalf of) are deemed to accept that this policy applies between you, as user of this website, and us, Helen Michetschläger, the owner and provider of this website. This policy is applicable to our use of any and all data collected by us in relation to your use of the website and any services or systems in or from this website.
Collection of Data
Whenever you use this site the following information will be automatically collected in relation to your access: IP address originating access, web browser type / version used, operating system used, a list of the URLs you use (starting with a referring site), your activity on this website, and the site you exit to. You may access certain areas of the website without providing any other data at all. However, to use all services and systems available on the website you may be required to submit account information or other data. If you chose to submit data you thereby consent to our collection, storage and processing of any personal data (within the meaning of the Data Protection legislation), as outlined in this policy, including without limitation, any of the following:
your name, date of birth and/or gender;
your job title and profession;
contact information such as e-mail addresses, addresses (including postcodes) and telephone numbers;
demographic information such as preferences and interests;
financial information such as credit / debit card numbers.
Our Use of Data collected
We will store any data submitted for as long as you use the services and systems provided on the website, and may store it for an additional period of up to 3 years.
Unless we are obliged or permitted by law to do so, and subject to the other provisions of this policy, data will not be disclosed to third parties other than our affiliates and / or other companies within our group.
All data is stored securely in accordance with the principles of the Data Protection legislation.
Any or all data may be required by us from time to time in order to provide you with the best possible service and experience when using our website, and in particular data may be used by us for any of the following:
internal record keeping;
improvement of our products / services;
transmission by email of promotional materials that may be of interest to you;
contact for market research purposes which may be done using email, telephone, fax or mail. Such
information may be used to customise or update the website.
We may, from time to time, employ the services of other parties for dealing with matters that may include, but are not limited to, payment handling, delivery of purchased items, search engine facilities, advertising and marketing. The providers of such services may be granted access to certain data. Any data used by such parties is used only to the extent required by them to perform their services for us, and any other use will be strictly prohibited by us. Furthermore, any data that is processed by such third parties will be processed within the terms of this Policy and in accordance with the Data Protection legislation.
Access to your Data
You may access your account at any time to view or amend your data. You may need to modify or update your data if your circumstances change. Additional data as to your marketing preferences may also be stored and you may change this at any time.
You have the right to ask us for a copy of your personal data on payment of a small fee.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files containing an anonymous unique identifier, accessible only by the website that placed it there (and not by any other sites) which we may place on your computer when you visit certain parts of this website. We use cookies to allow us to identify recurring visitors and to analyse their browsing habits within the website, and (where e-commerce facilities are provided) cookies may be used to store your order and account details.
By default your browser will accept cookies – however this can be altered; for further details please consult the help menu in your browser. You have the choice to enable / disable cookies in your web browser. Your disablement of cookies may prevent you from using the full range of services available on the website.
You may also use your browser’s settings to delete cookies you formerly accepted – subject to losing any information that enables you to access the website more quickly.
Unless you have disabled or deleted them, you consent to our placing and accessing cookies on your computer.
Changes of Business Ownership and Control
We may, from time to time, expand or reduce our business and this may involve the sale of certain divisions or the transfer of control of certain divisions to other parties. Data provided by users will, where it is relevant to any division so transferred, be transferred along with that division and the new owner or newly controlling party will, under the terms of this Policy, be permitted to use the data for the purposes for which it was supplied by you.
In the event that any data submitted by Users will be transferred in such a manner, you will not be contacted in advance and informed of the changes.
Changes to this Policy
We reserve the right to change this Policy as we may deem necessary from time to time or as may be required by law. Any changes will be immediately posted on the website and you are deemed to have accepted the terms of the Policy on your first use of the website following the alterations.
Get in Touch
Name*Email*
Message*CAPTCHACommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Site Links
Violins
Violas
Cellos
Commissioning an instrument
Instrument rental
Instrument blankets
How to look after your instrument
Contact Helen Michetschläger
Contact Helen
1A Grasmere Road
Sale
Manchester
M33 3QU
UK
helen@helenviolinmaker.com Visit Helen on Facebook 0161 972 0839 0044 161 972 0839
Latest from Helen
I've had a like a long period of catching up with odd jobs, varnishing and finishing instruments, … Read More...
Copyright © 2020 ·
Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in