https://www.giltrap.co.uk/privacy
Gordon Giltrap
home
news
concerts
workshops
about
My JHS Guitars
discography
gallery
resources
discussion
contact
Disclaimer
Gordon Giltrap seeks to ensure that the information published on this website is up to date and accurate. However, the information on the website does not constitute legal or professional advice and Gordon Giltrap cannot accept any liability for actions arising from its use. Gordon Giltrap cannot be held responsible for the contents of any pages referenced by an external link.
Any personal data collected through this website will be treated as confidential and will not be sold to a third party for any reason.
For information regarding GDPR compliance, click here.
Cookies and Website Traffic Analysis
When users enter www.giltrap.co.uk, their computers will automatically be issued with “cookies”. Cookies are text files which identify users‘ computers to Slabmedia, LLC‘s server. The website then creates “session” cookies to store some of the preferences of users moving around the website, e.g. retaining a text-only preference.
Cookies in themselves do not identify individual users but identify only the computer used. Session cookies are deleted on departure from the website. However, those from third parties may persist.
Many websites use cookies to track traffic flows, whenever users visit those websites.
www.giltrap.co.uk uses cookies to measure use of the website including number of visitors, how frequently pages are viewed, and the city and country of origin of users. This helps to determine what is popular and can influence future content and development. For this purpose, Slabmedia uses web analytics to measure and analyze usage of the website. The information collected by Gordon Giltrap will include IP Address, pages visited, browser type and operating system. The data will not be used to identify any user personally.
Most modern web browsers allow users to control cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
Cookies used on www.giltrap.co.uk:
Cookie Names are in red.
Slabmedia general session cookie
If you do not log in to https://www.giltrap.co.uk, the only cookie that is stored in your browser’s memory is a session cookie - one that deletes itself after 30 minutes of inaction called PHPSESSID. This cookie contains a random string of characters to individuate you from other visitors and is used to prevent you from seeing the same thing twice for example, such as a popup window. This site may use a secondary cookie to show something only once such as the cookie message pop up at the bottom of the screen. That cookie is called either giltrap_cookies_opt_in if you accept the use of cookies on this site. No information regarding those cookies are stored or tracked.
Slabmedia admin & member login cookies
Used for visitors only when they log in
SLAB500_giltrap
Used for contributors, commenters, and admins when they log in:
SLAB500_useridSLAB500_usernameSLAB500_site_nameSLAB500_user_levelSLAB500_activatedSLAB500_ip_address
These cookies are used only when a visitor chooses to log in to a Slabmedia created website. This visitor may be an admin, or a member-guest. These cookies are only set when a user enters their username and password. They are required in order to log into this site, but needed for visiting this site.
These cookies are required to keep track of the member or admin and be sure that they remain logged in from page to page.
Other 3rd party cookies
Embedded content and widgets for sharing may be embedded on pages of this site, and their cookie policies and privacy policies are controlled and are the responsibility of the issuing companies for those widgets and embed codes.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
Registration
A user does not have to register to use www.giltrap.co.uk, but a user must register if they wish to receive daily, weekly or monthly news, information and updates about Gordon Giltrap via email.
The registration information we require to allow a user to register is the full name and email address of the user if they wish to receive email updates.
It is optional for the user to provide demographic information such as address, or category, or region or topics of interest, but encouraged so we can provide a more personalized experience to the user.
This information is stored securely on our database until such time as a user chooses to unsubscribe from receiving news stories. Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletters and other updates may opt-out of receiving these communications by clicking unsubscribe option on any email communication received or the user may contact us to opt-out. EMAIL:
Sharing
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site.
Third Party Intermediaries
We use an outside contractor to manage our user database. This company does not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Service Providers
We partner with other third parties to provide specific services. For example database development, push mobile technology and hosting. When the user signs up for these particular services, we share names, or other contact information including mobile number and full contact information with the third party service providers so that the third party can supply these services. These third parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Users of our site are always notified when their information is being collected by any outside parties. We do this so our users can make an informed choice as to whether or not they should proceed with services that require an outside party.
Links
This Website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, Gordon Giltrap or Slabmedia, LLC, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Website.
Correcting / Updating / Deleting / Deactivating / Reviewing Personal Information
If a user‘s personally identifiable information changes (such as postal code, phone, email or postal address), we provide a way to correct, update or delete or deactivate users‘ personally identifiable information. Additionally, you may review all information we store associated with your login or subscription credentials. This can be done by EMAILING our Customer Support at
Under the Data Protection Act, individuals registering for news and information from Gordon Giltrap have the right make a subject access request for their personal data processed by Gordon Giltrap for those purposes. Under the GDPR, you have a right to review your information stored by our site as well as requesting the removal of that information.
Blogs Comments
Anything that is abusive, indecent, unlawful or defamatory will be deleted without notice. Individuals are personally liable for the comments they submit. E-mail addresses will not be displayed.
Notification of Changes
Contact Information
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at: Email: