http://www.theatrestrust.org.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Theatres Trust is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. We champion the future of live performance, by protecting and supporting excellent theatres buildings, which meet the needs of their communities.
This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
For any questions about how we use your data or to exercise your rights over your data you can contact our Data Protection Officer by: Post 22 Charing Cross Road, London, WC2H 0QL Email info@theatrestrust.org.uk Phone 020 7836 8591
What data do we collect from you?
Depending on your interactions with us, we may collect and process any of the following data about you. This includes:
Information provided at the time of subscribing to our Friends, Corporate Supporter and Membership services: email addresses, home address and telephone number are collected. We also collect your bank details to set up direct debit payments, but this is handled by our direct debit partner. Any paper direct debit forms that have been filled out are securely destroyed. This information is collected to provide you with our membership services and is processed as part of our contractual obligation to you. More details on our membership can be found: theatrestrust.org.uk/support-us.
If you purchase a ticket to one of our events we will collect from you your name, address, email address and payment card details. Although we don’t handle it directly, these details are all dealt with by our data processor.
IP addresses and cookies gathered from our website allow us to monitor what pages you visit, for the following reasons:
To estimate our audience size and usage pattern
To store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise our site according to your individual interest
To speed up your searches
To recognise when you return to our site
We will collect from you your IP address, the website you came from, what kind of browser you are using and what you do on our website, which links you follow and how long you spend on each page.
We use temporary Cookies files which are deleted when you close your browser and do not track you around the internet. You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our site.
If you hire one of our spaces we may collect from you your name, address, phone number and email. Once an invoice has been sent to you, you can either pay by cheque of BACS transfer; if you pay by cheque we will see your bank details as a consequence but we will not store them. This information is processed as part of our contractual obligation to you.
If you apply for a job and submit your CV or an application form you will be asked to provide us with your name, address, and contact details, employment history and reference details. This information will be kept confidential at all times and will only be seen by those that are directly linked to the recruitment process. Applications are then filed securely following our retention policy and then disposed of safely.
We may combine information you provide to us with information available from external sources in order to gain a better understanding of our audiences, visitors and supporters to improve our fundraising and marketing methods. We may add publicly available information to your records to create a profile of your interests and level of potential donations to Theatres Trust. We do this to ensure communications are relevant and timely, and to provide an improved experience for our supporters. It allows us to understand the background of the people who support us and helps us to make appropriate requests to supporters. These sources include:
Third party organisations:  Your information may be shared with us by independent fundraising sites like JustGiving, if you make a donation. You should check their Privacy Policy when you provide your information to understand fully how they will process your data.
Social Media: We use social media to broadcast messages and updates about events and news. On occasion we may reply to comments or questions you make to us on social media platforms. You may also see adverts from us on social media that are tailored to your interests. Depending on your settings or the privacy policies of social media and messaging services like Facebook, LinkedIn or Twitter, you might give third parties (like Theatres Trust) permission to access information from those accounts or services.
Information available publicly: This may include information found in places such as Companies House, your biography on your work website or information that has been published in articles / newspapers.
Google Analytics: Please note that we use Google Analytics on our site to find out about the volume of traffic to our site and our users’ browsing actions and patterns. Find out how Google uses data at: google.com/policies/privacy/partners.
For marketing and communications purposes, if you interact with us we may ask you to give consent for us to email you information about the work we do. If you do, we will email you to let you know about upcoming events, updates on our plans and progress we are making, and to ask you to join as a member, make a donation or give other types of support about our work.
Occasionally, we may include information from our partner organisations or organisations who support us in these communications. Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
We will make it easy for you to tell us how you want us to communicate, in a way that suits you. If you decide you do not want to receive email or postal communications you will be able to opt out at any time. To do this, you can click the link in any email we send you; send an email to info@theatrestrust.org.uk or write to us at our postal address above.
Most of our marketing activity is justified by legitimate interest in the work we do. However, as required by the Privacy and Electronic Communication Regulation 2003 we will only ever send you communications through email or text when we have your consent.
What do we use your information for?
We use information held about you in the following ways:
Ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
Provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.
Carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
Maintain our organisational records.
Notify you about changes to our service.
Supply to third parties as outlined below.
How do we look after your data?
We continue to review what information we hold and we will only use and store information for so long as it is required for the purposes it was collected for and we will dispose of it securely afterwards.
How long do we keep your data and how do we keep your information up to date?
We endeavour to keep your personal information accurate and up to date. If you become aware of errors or inaccuracies, please email info@theatrestrust.org.uk, or contact us at our postal address at the top of this policy.
Where possible we use publicly available sources to keep your records up to date; for example, the Post Office National Change of Address (NCOA) database and information provided to us by other organisations as described in this policy.
We continually review what information we hold and delete what we is no longer required. We have a process of reviewing inactive records annually and will archive/delete information after this date.
Who else gets to see your data?
We may disclose your personal information to third parties in the following circumstances.
If Theatres Trust, or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation. Where data is then passed onto to government agency, what they do with it is governed by law. This includes health and safety incidents, exchanging information with other organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
To our subcontractors who help us manage and look after aspects of our organisation. We will only give them the minimum information that they need to carry out the work and it will always remain under our control. This means they can only do with your data what we tell them to, and keep until it is no longer required. At the moment the following areas of our organisation are outsourced:
Direct Debit Scheme for memberships
Email marketing platform
IT support contracts
Your rights
Under the Data Protection Act (2018), individuals have the right to access copies of personal data held on computer or in a paper-based filing system relating to the individual. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. A reasonable fee may be charged for a request if it is deemed excessive or for further copies of the same information. We shall respond to any Subject Access Requests within 30 days of receiving. You have the following rights related to your personal data:
You have the right to see a copy of all the data we hold about you. Where you request this type of information we have 30 days to respond to your request.
You have the right to inform us if the data we hold on you is incorrect.
You have the right to tell us to delete the data we hold on you or to stop processing it.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint.  If you are unsatisfied by the way we control your data then you can complain to the Independent Commissioners Officer (ICO) details of which can be found: ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint.
Policy Information
This policy was last updated in February 2019. We may update it at any time in order to improve our customer experience or to comply with changes in the law. Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this webpage and where appropriate, notified to you by email.