https://www.privatephotoreview.com/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
1 – General Terms and Conditions for the Online Bookshop2 – External Contributors Policy
General Terms and Conditions for the Online Bookshop of PRIVATE.
(PRIVATE Online Shop General Terms and Conditions)
This Online Bookshop is run by Oriano Sportelli (PRIVATE publisher, Les Petites Fourches, 58230 Saint-Brisson, France). On making a purchase you are agreeing to the terms and conditions set out on this page.
You can browse through our range of products at your leisure. Should you discover something of interest, you then place the item in your virtual cart.You start the order procedure by clicking on the “Add to Cart” button. You can remove products from the Cart. To continue the order procedure, activate the “Checkout” button. An overview then appears of all the products you have put in the shopping cart, as well as the other possible costs that are payable in connection with the order.
Payment methodThis store uses PayPal for payments, and PayPal automatically encrypts your confidential information in transit from your computer to ours using the Secure Sockets Layer protocol (SSL) with an encryption key length of 128-bits (the highest level commercially available).You are not required to have a PayPal account to purchase from this store. Although if you already have a PayPal account you may use it.
ShippingWorldwide shipping is free.Estimated delivery time for FREE shippingEurope = 7/25 (working days)Other countries = 14/30 (working days)Orders will be shipped via Ordinary Mail, which does not provide tracking information.
Orders Returns & CancellationsWe think you will be very satisfied with your purchase. But if for any reason you are not entirely satisfied with your purchase then we offer a 3 days return policy (upon receiving item). Please contact us immediately via our Costumer Service  to advise us that you are returning the item and we will give you instructions for returns. We will then refund you as soon as possible.All items must be returned unworn and in their original packaging.If you wish to cancel your order please contact us within 3 hours of order.For your protection we recommend you use a recorded delivery service for returning items. You must also make sure that items are securely packaged and in their original condition on returning them to us.
External Contributors Policy
Terms and Conditions for photographers, writers, freelancers and contributors of user-generated content.
To become a “Contributor”, you must create your “Contributor Account” and than Activate it.• To Activate your “Contributor Account” you must submit your first Article within 15 days.• If you have not submit your first Article within 15 days, your “Contributor Account” will be deleted.We’re sorry, but we cannot offer financial compensation for the publication of your Articles.By submitting your Articles (also referred to as ‘photos, texts, photo-essay, poems, short stories, news, contribution’) to privatephotoreview.com (also referred to as ‘PRIVATE’, the ‘Website’), you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions.You warrant that your Articles is your own original work and does not contravene rights of any third parties. You also confirm that you have the consent of anyone who is identifiable in your Articles or the consent of their parent/guardian if they are under 16.By submitting any Contribution to the Website you grant PRIVATE a perpetual, sub-licensable, irrevocable, non-exclusive right to use the photos and texts in any way it may reasonably choose on a free of charge basis in any form, medium, or technology now known or later developed throughout the world.You will retain any copyright in your Contribution and you may continue using the photos and texts yourself and/or allow third parties to use it.You grant PRIVATE the right to change or edit the photos and texts in your Contribution for operational and editorial reasons. PRIVATE reserves the right to remove any of your Contributions if it believes that they do not comply with the Terms and Conditions.By submitting your Articles does not guarantee that your Contribution will be accepted for publication. If your Contribution is accepted for publication, you will be contacted within 5 days.After publication, you can request to make changes to the text of your post, using the following form.If you ask to remove your Contribution from our Website, we will do so without hesitation.Delete your “Contributor Account”. To request deletion of your “Contributor Account”, please use this form.  We will take steps to verify your identity, to prevent fraud/abuse (“social engineering” attacks).
Please do not submit your Articles to the Website, if you do not wish to grant to ‘privatephotoreview.com’ the permission to use your Contribution in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
Welcome back!
Username
Password
Remember Me
Join Us
Username specifications: the field Username can not contain spaces, upper case letters or special characters (eg: -.!,%&?). Choose carefully, this field can not be changed.
First Name
Last Name
Username
Email
Password
Confirm Password
Sign me up for the newsletter!
Forgotten Password?
Username or Email
Register | Lost your password? | Back to Login
We use cookies from third party services for marketing activities and to offer you a better experience. Read about how we use cookies and how you can control them by clicking "Privacy Preferences".
Privacy Preferences
I Agree