https://www.mangore.com/policies.php
Login
Search
Language
Masterclasses List
Forgot your password?
Become a member
Register Here
Help Mangore.com
Language
Back to Top
PrivacyPolicy
At Bellucci Guitars we value the privacy and security of the information that you share with us. We will not share the personal information regarding our customers and members with third parties under no circumstances and with no exceptions. We consider personal information your Name, Address, email address, telephone number and product(s) you have purchased or show interest in.
Feel free to contact us if you need further clarifications.
Bellucci Guitars/ Attn. Privacy
The Rocholl 238
Isla de Francia, Asuncion
1849, Paraguay
Guarantee & Return Policy
It is in my best interest that all the players that buy a Bellucci concert guitar are happy with their purchase. If you're not 100% satisfied with your Bellucci guitar, neither am I.
I encourage you to to ask me all the necessary questions prior to your purchase in order to dissipate any doubt that you may have regarding your new Bellucci concert guitar. Feel free to mail me or call me and discuss in detail your purchase. I never take more than a few minutes to reply to inquiries emails. It will help me guide your purchase if you indicate what type of repertoire you play and what type of playing you do most of the time (public recitals, studio recording, outdoors/amplified). I will help you choose the best guitar for your playing needs or build you a custom guitar if none of the ones I have in stock fit your needs to perfection.
1) If, upon receipt, an instrument is damaged in any way, I will change it for a new one.
2) If the instrument you receive is not what you expected, I will change it for another instrument of equal value. The instrument must be returned in its original, brand-new condition, showing no signs of wear or use such as belt-buckle, buttons or fingernails scratches, scuffs, dings or scrapes on the instrument.
3) If any type of damage is caused by the carrier, the guitar travels 100% insured and will be replaced for a new one.
4) The guarantee on manufacture and materials is valid for 6 months starting on the day you receive the instrument.
5) The guitar that needs to be replaced, must be shipped back within 48 hours. All shipping expenses are on the buyer. No money back guarantee. Returned guitars are the responsibility of the buyer until received by Renato Bellucci. Contact us (Bellucci Guitars, sales@mangore.com) before shipping the instrument.
Guitarist Renato Bellucci
Click Here
Click Here
Click Here
Spread theword... Share!