https://www.cherworld.com/disclaimer-privacy/
Home
News
Gallery
Early Years
1980s
1990s
2000s
2010s
Tours
Photoshoots
Films
Multimedia
Wallpapers
Tour
Cher Tickets
Heart of Stone
Love Hurts
Do You Believe?
Farewell Tour
At the Colosseum
Dressed To Kill
Here We Go Again
Tour Reviews
Tickets
Lyrics
Music
Film
Cher
Biography
Charts
Awards
Interviews
Quotes
Facebook
Links
Disclaimer & Privacy
Contact
Disclaimer & Privacy
Select album to play
previous
next
Stop
Play Pause
Next»
«Prev
SHOW PLAYLIST
go
Cherworld.com, its webmaster, and its affiliates are in no way directly affiliated with CHER or CHER’S OFFICIAL MANAGEMENT or any related businesses or organizations.  Therefore, we are unable to accept any CHER FAN MAIL or any of her affiliated businesses or organizations.  This includes, but is not limited to: fan mail, press, interview and performance requests, business proposals, etc.  Any mail sent to this website that is addressed to CHER or any of her affiliated businesses/organizations will be deleted immediately.Use of this website is strictly for personal, non-commercial purposes.  Cherworld.com and its webmaster assume no responsibility for the third-party advertisements that are posted on this website, nor the links to purchase any other products including concert tickets.
Cherworld.com is a NOT FOR PROFIT fansite meaning advertisements in both article advertisements and if any advertising from ticket brokers are used to sustain the site costs and labour attributable to updating, maintaining software, resolving technical issues and dedicated site servers.
Unfortunately CHER or her official management do not provide any functional official fan club therefore requests for Meet & Greets, VIP tickets, Backstage Passes are not possible via any official known channels. The only way to purchase or get access to premium seats/tickets is through ticket outlets directly or ticket brokers.
Any comments, opinions or expressions from users, visitors through comment fields are not the opinion of Cher or her management or the webmaster of cherworld.com.
Copyright
Layout and design of this website is © CHERWORLD.COM 1998 – 2014.  All content is property of its respective owner(s) and is not to be reproduced, duplicated, distributed, modified, or published in any way without prior written consent from the owner(s).If you are a member of the press wishing to use any photos displayed on this website for your publication, please write to the webmasters and we will assist you in acquiring the photo you need.  Using any photograph on this website for commercial or editorial purposes without prior written consent is expressly forbidden and in violation of U.S. copyright laws.
You can contact us at webmaster @ cherworld . com
Privacy Policy
Cherworld.com adheres to a strict privacy policy regarding our users’ personal information. We are committed to keeping any information we have about our users private and secure and will not tolerate any form of spamming. Any information provided to Cherworld.com will never be shared with a third party unless stated otherwise.
VN:F [1.9.22_1171]please wait...Rating: 9.2/10 (5 votes cast)Disclaimer & Privacy, 9.2 out of 10 based on 5 ratings
Tweet
Latest News
Latest News
How Cher Is Combatting Coronavirus
Cher had a bad feeling about this. Out on the road for the U.S. dates of her Here We Go Again Tour in…
Find us on Facebook Join us on Facebook.Search
previous
next
Cherworld.com – Cher Photos, Music, Tour & Tickets © (2020)
DISCLAIMER - Cherworld.com is not directly affiliated with CHER or her management.
previous
next
X
Facebook