http://www.egausa.org/privacy-policy/cookies/
Cookies
We use cookies and other third-party programs to help provide the services of our website, and to analyse how you use our Services and whether imporvements are needed.
We use these technologies for the following purposes:
Strictly necessary purposes
To let you login, to ensure site security and to provide shopping cart functionality. Without this type of technology, our Site won’t work properly or won’t be able to provide certain features and functionalities.
Performance purposes
To analyse how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors visit most often, in order to provide a better user experience. We also use this technology to check if you have opened our emails, so we can see if they are being delivered correctly and are of interest.
Personalisation purposes
To remember choices you have made — such as items in your shopping cart, information updates.
Social media cookies
Cookies are used by social media services to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. These cookies may track your browser across other sites and build a profile of your interests, which may impact the content and messages you see on other websites that you visit.
How to manage & remove cookies
If you are using our Site via a browser you can restrict, block or remove cookies through your web browser settings. The Help menu on the menu bar of most browsers also tells you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to delete old cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether.
You can also visit http://www.aboutcookies.org for more information on how to manage and remove cookies across a number of different internet browsers. You also have the option to change your choices relating to cookies utilized to deliver behaviorally targeted advertising here “Advertising cookies“.
For some of our services we utilize third-party programs with whom we share certain site data:
Authorize.net – We may share your payment information with a secure financial institution to facilitate your purchase of our services using your credit card. (Security)
Infusionsoft – We store information for registered members of our organization using this cloud-based service. Infusionsoft is also used to gather information explicitly entered by users of our Site who choose to register for our newsletter. (Privacy Policy)
Google Analytics – Our Site uses Google Analytics, a service which transmits traffic data to Google servers in the United States. Google ANalytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. We use reports provided by Google Analytics to help us understand website traffic and webpage usage.
WordPress – Our Site uses WordPress as our content management system, because of this some of your information may be used as described below.
Comments: Only logged-in EGA members can post comments on our Site. When logged-in members leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
Media – Only logged-in EGA members can post images on our Site. If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Buddypress – Our Site utilizes BuddyPress in order to facilitate communications between our members, and to allow members to easily edit their basic personal data such as name and address. Data used by Buddypress is stored in our WordPress Site database and our cloud-based service Infusionsoft.
WooCommerce – We collect information about you during the checkout process on our store. While you visit our site, we’ll track:
Products you’ve viewed: we’ll use this to, for example, show you products you’ve recently viewed
Location, IP address and browser type: we’ll use this for purposes like estimating taxes and shipping
Shipping address: we’ll ask you to enter this so we can, for instance, estimate shipping before you place an order, and send you the order!
We’ll also use cookies to keep track of cart contents while you’re browsing our site.
When you purchase from us, we’ll ask you to provide information including your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, phone number, credit card/payment details and optional account information like username and password. We’ll use this information for purposes, such as, to: Send you information about your account and order. Respond to your requests, including refunds and complaints. Process payments and prevent fraud. Set up your account for our store. Comply with any legal obligations we have, such as calculating taxes. Improve our store offerings. Send you marketing messages, if you choose to receive them.
If you purchase a product, an account is created and we will store your name, address, email and phone number, which will be used to populate the checkout for future orders.
We generally store information about you for as long as we need the information for the purposes for which we collect and use it, and we are not legally required to continue to keep it.
Please contact us at the address below for any additional questions about the management or use of personal data.
Privacy Matters
c/o The Embroiderers’ Guild of America
1205 East Washington Street, #104
Louisville, Kentucky  40206
needles
Join the needlework network.
Sign up for our newsletter to stay on top of things.
Email *
Join
We use cookies to understand how you use our site and to improve your experience. To learn more, click here. By continuing to use our site, you accept our use of cookies and revised Privacy Policy.