http://www.letterexchange.org/about-us/privacy-policy/
Consent
Membership of Letter Exchange (LX), or subscription to its newsletter, to the journal Forum or to other services, indicates your consent to the collection and use of information as described below.
Collection and use of personal information
Letter Exchange collects your name and contact details when you become a member, or a subscriber to its newsletter or to the journal Forum. These data are used to keep you informed of the activities of LX and its members, and of other relevant matters in the sphere of lettering, and to enable us to contact you concerning your membership or subscription.
How long will information be held?
The information that you give us will be held for as long as is reasonably necessary to provide our services. LX will continue to hold your information unless you request that it should be deleted.
Sharing information
Personal information is generally treated as confidential and only shared when absolutely necessary to provide our services. For example, the address list is given to the printer for distribution of Forum and the Yearbook. We do not sell information to any third parties.
Website data
Use of the LX website indicates your consent to the collection and use of information. At various points you may be asked to provide your name and contact details or other information so that we can respond or provide services to you.
The LX website also uses cookies (data which are downloaded to your computer) to enable some features of the site to function properly. Cookies also allow LX to produce general statistics about numbers of visitors, and some information about how visitors arrive at and use the site. This helps in developing the site to further benefit our users.
Payments
Payments through the website will be securely processed through PayPal.
Your rights
You have the right to request a copy of the information we hold about you. If you wish to do so please contact us at secretary@letterexchange.org
Please use the same email address if you think any information we hold about you is inaccurate.
Members and subscribers have the right to request that their data be deleted at any time and to complain to the ICO (Information Commissioners Office) should they feel that their data have been mishandled. Members and subscribers should be aware that withdrawal of their consent to hold personal data is likely to prevent Letter Exchange from providing its essential service of exchanging information between them and other members of the lettering arts community. Requests for access, correction or deletion of data should all be made by contacting secretary@letterexchange.org
Concerns will be addressed within one calendar month.
Lawful Basis for using and processing personal information
The lawful basis for Letter Exchange to process personal data under GDPR is that it is necessary to do so in order to pursue the legitimate interests of members and subscribers and fulfil its purpose as an association.