https://www.scifislacker.com/about/privacy-policy/
About » Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.scifislacker.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Any contact forms up to and including contests and giveaway forms. Your information will be collected for the purposes stated and will never be sold to third parties.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
WE USE THIRD PARTY cookies and have no control over how that information is used.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites. These links may be embedded or simply text.
Analytics
We employ both Google Analytics and general site statistics from our hosting service. Both of which are anonymous for the user but provide us with information on the use of our sites by employing cookies that may monitor your actions on our website. None of the information gathered is used for marketing purposes.
Who we share your data with
Only our site owners have access to any of the site data. If a contest requires that we send your information to the prize supplier, that will be included in the giveaway rules.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
We do not allow users to create accounts nor do we use on site comments. So the above does not really apply to anyone other than our staff writers. We use a third party commenting system and you have agreed to their service and need to check that site for more information.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
webmaster at scifislacker dot com (you know the drill this is to keep spammers at bay change that to a usable email address to contact us).
Additional information
How we protect your data
We do not collect data on the site directly. Any information  collected via a third party service is under the protection of that third party service.
What data breach procedures we have in place
we do not save or store your information on our servers.
What third parties we receive data from
Affiliate programs may give us click through information on any included affiliate links on our site. We do not receive your personal information.
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
None at this time.
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
None
Subscribe
Recent Posts
Super Sons: The Polarshield Project
The Venture Bros. on Blu-ray and DVD
Mini Stan Lee for all your cameo needs
Review: LEGO Architecture Idea Book
Book Review: Chosen by Brey Willows
Justin Gray’s Spicy Pulp Comics Introduces Lady Redbeard
Ghostbusters Fan Fest Presented By Wizard World
Mary Poppins Returns
Captain Marvel
Escape Room Coming to Blu-ray & DVD
Pages
Scifi Portal
About
Comment Policy
Privacy Policy
ScifiSlacker.com Staff
Contests
ScifiSlacker.com Contest Rules
Categories
Books
Collectibles
Comic Books
Contests
Conventions
Fashion
Movies
Music
News
ScifiSlacker.com
Television
Toys & Games
Video Games
Xtras: Comics & Cartoons
Tweets by @scifislacker
Kindle Deal of the Day