http://www.clarinetandsaxophone.co.uk/terms-and-conditions
Terms and Conditions
By using our website, you agree to be bound to these Terms and Conditions and accept our Privacy Policy.
All payments are taken in full on day of purchase.
Customers will receive full membership details via Royal Mail within three weeks of purchase. If paying online, when a transaction is complete we will send you a confirmation email immediately.
Digital goods, such as PDF archive magazines will be received immediately as a link on completion of transaction.
CASS is unable to offer refunds and cancellations.
Use of Website
You must not use our website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the website.
You must not use our website in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity.
You must not use our website for any purposes related to marketing without our express written consent.
You must not use our website to copy, publish or send mass mailings or spam.
You must not use our website to copy, publish or send material which is illegal or unlawful, or material which could give rise to legal action under English and other applicable law.
All material you copy, publish or send via our website must not be defamatory, obscene, indecent, hateful, discriminatory or inflammatory; such material must not infringe any person's intellectual property rights or rights of confidence, impinge upon any person's privacy, or constitute incitement to commit a crime; further, material must not be misleading, deceptive, sexually explicit, threatening, abusive, harassing or menacing. We reserve the right to edit or remove any material posted upon our website.
We may take such action as we deem appropriate to deal with the posting of unsuitable material, including suspending or cancelling your membership (as appropriate), restricting your access to our website, or commencing legal proceedings against you.
Copyright and Rights of Use
Unless otherwise stated, all materials and content present on our website are protected by copyright and are the proprietary material of the Clarinet and Saxophone Society of Great Britain and/or third parties associated with it. You may not copy or distribute in part or in full any copyrighted material without the prior written consent of the copyright owner. You may not resell or redistribute any part of our website or any of the online CASS services.
Membership Accounts
Access to certain areas of our website is restricted. We reserve the right to restrict access to any areas of our website, or indeed our whole website, at our discretion.
Upon becoming a member of the Clarinet and Saxophone Society of Great Britain, you will be bound by any CASS membership regulations. You will have the option to create a member account that provides restricted access to certain areas and features of the website. If we provide you with a member ID and password to enable you to access restricted areas of our website or other content or services, you must ensure that your member ID and password are kept confidential. Only you may use your personal member account; you may not authorise any third party to access and/or use your member account on your behalf. You accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your member account.
Members must inform the society of any changes to personal information such as name, postal and email addresses, contact telephone numbers and any other information that may affect your subscription to any of the society's services.
We may disable your member account if you breach any of the policies or terms governing your use of our website, if you breach the society's membership regulations or breach any other contractual obligation you owe to us. By using the member area you agree to be bound by these terms of use.
Amendments
We reserve the right to amend these Terms and Conditions from time to time at our discretion and in order to meet any legal requirements. Any amended Terms and Conditions will be posted on this website.
If you have any concerns relating to these Terms and Conditions then please contact us.
Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms and Conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with English law, and any disputes relating to these terms and conditions shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England.
Warranties and Limitation of Liability
THIS WEBSITE AND THE ACCOMPANYING CONTENT ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES WHETHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED.
The Clarinet and Saxophone Society of Great Britain makes no warranty concerning this website and any member services that it provides. The Clarinet and Saxophone Society of Great Britain shall not be responsible for any special, consequential, incidental or other damages resulting from the use of this website.
Whilst we endeavour to ensure that the information on this website is correct, we do not warrant its completeness or accuracy; nor do we commit to ensuring that the website remains available or that the material on the website is kept up-to-date.
sub pages
advertising space
stay connected
featured video
Clarinetty Christmas - Bournville (Virtual) Clarinet Choir
See More
calendar
search for events
-- Limit to Category --
Where Can I Play
Concerts
Play Days
Courses
-- Limit to Region --
Northern Ireland
Scotland
North West
Yorkshire & North East
Midlands
Wales
London
South East
South West
Europe
Worldwide
Search
Reviews