http://www.antinowhereleague.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
At Anti Nowhere League we are committed to safeguarding and preserving the privacy of our visitors.
This Privacy Policy explains what happens to any personal data that you provide to us, or that we collect from you whilst you visit our site.
We do update this Policy from time to time so please do review this Policy regularly.
Information We Collect
In running and maintaining our website we may collect and process the following data about you:
i. Information about your use of our site including details of your visits such as pages viewed and the resources that you access. Such information includes traffic data, location data and other communication data.
ii. ii. Information provided voluntarily by you. For example, when you register for information or make a purchase.
iii. iii. Information that you provide when you communicate with us by any means.
Use of Cookies
Cookies provide information regarding the computer used by a visitor. We may use cookies where appropriate to gather information about your computer fin order to assist us in improving our website.
We may gather information about your general internet use by using the cookie. Where used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer and stored on the computer’s hard drive. Such information will not identify you personally. It is statistical data. This statistical data does not identify any personal details whatsoever You can adjust the settings on your computer to decline any cookies if you wish. This can easily be done by activating the reject cookies setting on your computer.
We use Cookies to define sessions, provide essential site features and track visitors anonymously for analytical purposes. We regularly carry out an audit of the cookies used on our website and we are currently using the following 3rd party cookies:
Google Analytics
_utmz, _utmc, _utmb, _utma
Used by Google Analytics for tracking purposes. You can opt out of these using the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on.
Facebook
datr, locale, csm, lu, p, act, c_user, s, xs, presence
Used by Facebook for Like button
CONTROLLING THE COOKIES
By default, all of the above Cookies are in use on our website. However, if you wish to take control of these cookies you can do so by following the instructions below for your browser:
• Internet Explorer (mobile)
• Chrome
• Firefox
• Safari
• Blackberry
• Android
• Opera
This will allow you to remove Cookies or prevent using them altogether. Remember, turning off Cookies in your browser will affect all websites not just this one. If you later decide you’d like to allow Cookies, then simply adjust your browser settings and continue using the website; Cookies will then be sent to and from our website.
Use of Your Information
We use the information that we collect from you to provide our services to you. In addition to this we may use the information for one or more of the following purposes:
i. To provide information to you that you request from us relating to our products or services. ii. To provide information to you relating to other products that may be of interest to you. Such additional information will only be provided where you have consented to receive such information. iii. To inform you of any changes to our website, services or goods and products.
If you have previously purchased goods or services from us we may provide to you details of similar goods or services, or other goods and services, that you may be interested in.
Storing Your Personal Data We do not store any personal data unless we have your prior permission, all data is stored securely. Unfortunately the sending of information via the internet is not totally secure and on occasion such information can be intercepted. We cannot guarantee the security of data that you choose to send us electronically, Sending such information is entirely at your own risk.
Disclosing Your Information
We will not disclose your personal information to any other party other than in accordance with this Privacy Policy and in the circumstances detailed below: i. In the event that we sell any or all of our business to the buyer. ii. Where we are legally required by law to disclose your personal information. iii. To further fraud protection and reduce the risk of fraud.
Third Party Links On occasion we include links to third parties on this website. Where we provide a link it does not mean that we endorse or approve that site’s policy towards visitor privacy. You should review their privacy policy before sending them any personal data.
Access to Information In accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018 you have the right to access any information that we hold relating to you.