http://www.jeremyandrebecca.com/privacy.php
HOME
ABOUT
Bio
Industry Bio
Interview
Quotes
Achievements
NEWS
News
Press
Reviews
Blog
MUSIC
MEDIA
Photos
Video
EVENTS
STORE
Audio CD
MP3
Merchandise
CONNECT
Links
RSS
Contact Info
share current page
MySpace
Facebook
Twitter
PURCHASE the Album								Click here for info
SIGN UP for text updates								Click here for info
Get YourName.com for only $9.99								Click here for info
Build your own Web Site Tonight! - Starting at $4.99								Click here for info
AURA World - Artists United for Responsible Art
PRESS
NEWS
ABOUT
HOME
BLOG
RSS
PHOTOS
VIDEO
MUSIC
STORE
EMAIL LIST
MOBILE
PUBLICITY
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
© 2020
DWELLING RECORDS
- All Rights Reserved.
PRIVACY POLICY		 -
TERMS OF USE
Site Designed by
Dwelling Productions