http://www.skylightopera.com/privacy-policy/
caret-left
caret-right
chevron-left
envelope
external-link
facebook
heart
instagram
menu
phone
pinterest
search
tag
twitter
youtube
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Effective September 1, 2019
The following is a compilation of privacy policies SkylightMusicTheatre.org (henceforth referred to as "Skylight") follows. Skylight is committed to ensuring your privacy is protected. Any changes in policy will be reflected on this page. Skylight's terms of use and privacy policy are governed by the laws of the United States and the state of Wisconsin.
Site ContentAll content on this website—including text, graphics, logos, images, photography, downloads, and other media—is property of Skylight and protected by copyright laws. Although we make every effort to ensure our website content and data are accurate, Skylight and its employees cannot be held liable for inaccurate, out-of-date, omitted, or otherwise incorrect information.
Personally Identifiable InformationWe collect as little personal data as possible. We might ask you to provide your full name and contact information, but we only collect personal information when you voluntarily and knowingly submit it through a form, such as a contact form, interest/information-request form, or a newsletter-signup form, among others.
Any information we collect from you is used for customer service or marketing purposes, and it is used only for the purpose you designate. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. We do not use personal information to make automated decisions. We do not collect any information that qualifies as “sensitive data.” We will never sell, trade, transfer, or misuse your personal information. Your data is stored on a highly secure server.
You may contact us if you want to know what, if any, personal information we have stored or if you want it modified or deleted.
CookiesLike most websites, SkylightMusicTheatre.org uses cookies to collect information about your computer, such as browser settings, browsing history, referring website, IP address, operating system, language preferences, date and time you accessed our site, etc. Cookies also help us tailor website content to your interests or needs and generally improve site content and performance. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you easily change this in your browser settings.
Third-Party TrackingWe use Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager to better understand how our users interact with our website so we can make it better for them. The behavioral and demographic data Google collects is anonymous; we can’t identify you through this software.Third-Party SitesSkylight will sometimes often links to third-party websites, including but not limited to https://cart.broadwaytheatrecenter.com/; Skylight is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of these sites.SecurityWe use SSL security protocol that verifies our site is safe to browse and submit personal information through.ContactFeel free to contact us about any privacy concerns:
Skylight Music Theatre158 North BroadwayMilwaukee, WI 53202
(414) 291-7811info@skylightmusictheatre.org
Buy Tickets
Get a Subscription
View Performance Calendar