https://www.thegearpage.net/board/index.php?help/dmca/
Menu
Supporting Membership
Home
Forums
New posts
Trending
Search forums
What's new
New posts
New media
New media comments
New resources
Latest activity
Media
New media
New comments
Search media
Resources
Latest reviews
Search resources
Members
Current visitors
Log in
Register
What's new
Search
Search
Search titles only
By:
Search
Advanced search…
Latest activity
Register
Menu
Log in
Register
Navigation
More options
Change style
Contact us
Close Menu
Home
Help
DMCA
Help pages
Help
DMCA
Privacy policy
Smilies
BB codes
Cookie usage
Terms and rules
Privacy policy
Reporting
Copyright Infringement (DMCA Policy)
The Digital
Millennium Copyright Act 17 U.S.C. Section 512 ("DMCA") provides a legal procedure by which you
can request that we take-down your copyrighted work(s) appearing on any of our
websites without your permission. This procedure requires that You send a
written DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement (“Infringement Notice”), as specified under the DMCA and as set forth below, to our
designated agent for notice of copyright infringement (“Designated Agent”).
If You are a
copyright owner, or are authorized to act on behalf of a copyright owner, and
You believe that copyrights are being infringed upon in connection with any
content (“Content”) displayed on any of our websites including The Gear Page(“Website”),
please contact our Designated Agent in writing with the information set forth
in the Infringement Notice Content section below, as follows:
Philip A. Nicolosi
Phil Nicolosi Law, P.C.
6735 Vistagreen Way, Suite 210
Rockford, Illinois 61107
Phone: (815)314-0022
Please send
your Infringement Notice by email to: dmca@philnicolosilaw.com.
Please use
the following subject line: “Notice
of Infringement.”
This Policy
follows the procedures provided in the DMCA, which prescribes a notice and
takedown procedure, subject to the registered user’s right to submit a
counter-notification claiming lawful use of any disabled Content. In the event
any of the provisions in our policy conflict with any applicable requirements
under the DMCA then the requirements under the DMCA shall supersede and control
and the hereby incorporated into this policy by reference. If we are notified
of any claimed copyright infringement, or otherwise become aware of facts and
circumstances from which infringement is apparent, we will respond
expeditiously by removing the Content or disabling access to the Content that
is the subject of the alleged infringing activity.
Infringement
Notice Content: If You believe that any Content
appearing on this Website constitutes copyright infringement, you must submit
the following information to us in writing consistent with the DMCA: 1) an
electronic or physical signature of any person authorized to act on behalf of
the owner of the protected interest; 2) a brief description of the copyrighted
work that You claim has or is being infringed upon; 3) a description of the
location on the Website where any allegedly infringing Content may appear,
including the URLs of web pages and/or hyperlinks; 4) Your address, telephone
number, and email address; 5) a statement by You stating that You have a good
faith belief that the infringing use is unauthorized; 6) a statement by You,
under penalty of perjury, that the information contained in any notice to us
pursuant to this Policy is accurate and that affirms that You are the copyright
owner, or that You are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner(s).
Disputing
Claims of Infringement:
You may protest any
alleged claim of infringement pursuant to any DMCA by submitting a
counter-notification as described below. Anyone who has posted Content that
allegedly infringes a copyright may send our Designated Agent a counter notice
pursuant to Sections 512(g)(2) and 512(g)(3) of the DMCA. When our Designated
Agent receives your counter notice, the Designated Agent may, in its/his/her
sole discretion, reinstate the alleged infringing materials not less than 10
nor more than 14 calendar days after it receives the counter-notification,
unless our Designated Agent receives notice from the claimant that they have
filed a legal action to restrain the allegedly infringing activity. In some
cases, where the infringement is done knowingly, we reserve the right, in our
sole discretion, to terminate the user account of any user who has
submitted/posted infringing Content. This decision will be based upon the facts
and circumstances surrounding each instance of infringement. We will comply
with the appropriate provisions of the DMCA in the event a counter-notification
is received by our Designated Agent.
In order to
send a proper Counter-Notification, You must send a written notification to our
Designated Agent including the following information:
i.
Identification of
any Content that has been removed or to which access has been disabled on our
Website and the location which the Content appeared before it was removed or
access to it was disabled;
ii.
State, under penalty
of perjury, that You have a good faith belief that the Content was removed or
disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be
removed or disabled;
iii.
Provide Your name,
address, telephone number and, if available, email address;
iv.
State that You
consent to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the judicial
district in which your address is located or, if your address is outside of the
United States, for any judicial district in which You may be found, and You
will accept service of process from the complaining party who notified us of
the alleged infringement or an agent of such person.
False or Misleading Notices: We shall determine the sole manner in which we decide to
treat any non-compliant notices in whatever manner appears to be reasonable
given the facts and circumstances presented. Any claimant or user who submits a
DMCA Notice, Counter-Notification or any other notice which contains any false
or materially misleading information will automatically forfeit any rights
under this Policy and such notice shall be considered null and void by us.
Notice to our Website Users: Pursuant to our Content Submission Policy, you are required
to use only lawfully-acquired creative works as Content and your user account
on this Website may be disabled and/or terminated upon receipt of any
Infringement Notice that indicates that infringing material has been submitted
or posted by You. However, You are afforded the opportunity to provide a
response to any alleged claims of infringement, as set forth above. We will
reinstate any allegedly infringing Content and/or reinstate access to your account
on this Website within a reasonable amount of time in the event we determine
that reinstatement of the Content is warranted pursuant to the terms of this
Policy.
Repeat Infringers: If any of our Website users violate this Policy or our
Content Submission Policy more than once, such users’ account/membership will
be subject to immediate termination.
If you believe that any user of this
Website is a repeat infringer, please contact our Designated Agent and provide
information sufficient for us to verify that the account holder or subscriber
is a repeat infringer.
Merits of Claims of Infringement: You acknowledge and understand that we
and/or our Designated Agent are not responsible for determining the merits of
any claims of infringement of the Content submitted on this Website. We do not
make any determinations based upon our interpretation of any relevant copyright
or trademark laws or otherwise. We only respond to any claims of infringement
according to the DMCA and according to this Policy as a “service provider” within
the meaning of the DMCA. Any determination to take down or reinstate any
alleged infringing Content is strictly based upon the procedures set forth in
this Policy only.
Trademark/Service Mark Policy
If You believe
that any Content appearing on this Website constitutes trademark or service
mark infringement, you must provide us with the same information in writing
consistent with our DMCA Policy set forth above, except that all copyright
information shall relate to the trademark or service mark instead.
You agree that, in the event we receive a written
"Cease and Desist" letter or other demand ("Notice")
alleging that any Content You have posted to this Website infringes upon,
dilutes, tarnishes or otherwise violates the trademark/service mark rights of
any third parties, we may in our sole discretion, remove or disable access to
such Content until we receives either:
a.    Written confirmation from the party
sending such Notice that the Notice is withdrawn or has been resolved; or
b.    You submit sufficient evidence to
satisfactorily rebut the allegations contained in such Demand, the adequacy of
such evidence to be determined by us in our sole discretion and which we may
reject for any reason without penalty or liability to You. In order for us to
accept such rebuttal, You expressly acknowledge and agree that such rebuttal
shall include:
1.    The information set forth in our DMCA
Policy above for a valid Counter-Notification, except that all copyright
information shall relate to the trademark/service mark instead; and
2.    An express, irrevocable and binding
obligation pursuant to which You shall indemnify, defend and hold us harmless
from any damages, costs, or expenses that we may incur, in any manner
whatsoever, arising out of or in connection with the disputed Content and/or
our restoration thereof.
As a condition of being
permitted to post Content onto our Website, You acknowledge and agree that:
a.    We are not under any obligation to
restore access to any Content even if You provide a rebuttal and that the
determination of sufficiency of any` evidence provided in a rebuttal shall be
at our sole discretion;
b.    You expressly waive and disclaim any
claim or potential claim against us related to or arising out of our removal of
or disabling of access to any Content
in response to a Notice, including
without limitation any claim for lost revenue, lost profits and/or expenses.
and,
c.     The procedures of the DMCA apply only to
copyrighted materials and expressly exclude any other form of Intellectual
property rights, including any rights in trademarks, service marks and/or trade
names and that the foregoing process is intended only to provide a convenient
mechanism for addressing such disputes and does not, and shall not be
construed, as imposing upon us any of the obligations imposed under the DMCA
whatsoever.
Home
Help
Top