https://www.spreadtheword.org.uk/privacy-policy/
About Us
Our
News
Our
Opportunities
Our
Projects
Workshops & Events
Network & Knowledge
Support Us
JOIN THE
NETWORK
search-icon
user-icon
Life Writing
Prize
Young People’s Laureate
For London
London Writers Awards
Rethinking ‘Diversity’ in Publishing
Free Reads
A Manuscript Assessment Service
The London
Writers Network
About Us
News
Opportunities
Our ProjectsLife Writing
PrizeYoung People's Laureate
For LondonLondon Writers AwardsRethinking 'Diversity' in PublishingFree Reads
A Manuscript Assessment ServiceThe London
Writers Network
Workshops & Events
Network & Knowledge
Support Us
Join The Network
FAQs
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
COOKIES
Cookies are files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your personal computer, mobile or other device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie.
Cookies allow a website to recognise a user’s device, storing settings that are personal to the user’s use of an individual website, or keeping a record of items placed by them in a virtual shopping basket, for example. When a cookie is set, it is given an expiry date. On the expiry date it is automatically deleted.
You can find more information about cookies at allaboutcookies.org and youronlinechoices.eu.
Spread the Word uses Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to collect anonymised information such as age, gender and interests about our website users. You can opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customise Google Display Network adverts by visiting Google’s Ads Settings page.
Your continued use of the Spread the Word Website means that you consent to Spread the Word using cookies. If you do not wish Spread the Word to use cookies, please follow these instructions:
The Help menu on the menu bar of most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether.
You can also disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on’s settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer.
However, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of the Website’s essential features, we recommend you leave them turned on. For example, if you block or otherwise reject cookies you will not be able to add items to your account, or use any of our products and services that require you to ‘Sign In’. If you leave cookies turned on, remember to sign off when you finish using a shared computer.
PRIVACY POLICY
Spread the Word is committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of its visitors to our website and to the security of the data we collect. Under the Data Protection Act, we have a legal duty to protect any personal information we collect from you.
It is Spread the Word’s policy that personal or company information, such as your name, postal and email address, telephone number, services, concepts or ideas are private and confidential. The personal information you provide is stored in a secure location, is accessible only by designated staff, and is used only for the purposes for which you provide that information. We will not sell, rent or trade your information to any third parties unless you have given us permission to do so.
By using our website, you acknowledge that you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions. You also acknowledge that you agree to our collecting information from you and using it as described here.
We do not intend to collect personal details about children on this website. If you are under 16, always check with a parent or guardian before giving personal information to anyone online.
This policy applies to information we collect about:
Visitors to our website;
People submitting information, for example applications to our open programmes, prize entries or emails;
People who book places for our programme of workshops and events;
People who subscribe to our newsletter;
People who become a member of the organisation;
Job applicants.
Why we do this
We need this information to understand your needs, provide you with a better service and to promote our work as a charity, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping. This may include the secure holding of data with third-party organisations who provide us with services;
We may use the information to improve our services and other activities;
We may aggregate information anonymously to provide statistics to evaluate our work and to feedback to our funders/ supporters about our performance;
If you have elected to receive them, we may periodically send emails or printed materials to tell you about our courses or other information which we think you may find interesting using the details you have provided.
A Pocket Guide to Writing Dialogue
Pocket Guides
Applications are open to 1-2-1 feedback for narrative non-fiction writers
Opportunities
Get involved in High Street Tales
Woolwich High Street
Opportunities
Spread the Word’s spring 2021 season
Opportunities
STAY IN
TOUCH
Sign up
SUPPORT
US
Find out how
JOIN LONDON
WRITERS NETWORK
Find out how
SPREAD THE WORD’S E-NEWSLETTER
Sign up to our mailing list to keep up to date
with Spread the Word’s news and opportunities.
Submit
Cancel