http://www.fluteinfo.com/Legal/privacy.html
FluteInfo.com
Search
iPhone App
FluteInfo.com
FluteInfo.com
Privacy Policy
Home
Arm Pain
Articles
Fingering Charts
Masterclass Notes
Music Translator
History
Scales
Sheet Music
Sight Reading
Theory Charts
Warm Up
External Links
Sight Reading
ClarinetFingering.com
Privacy Policy
FluteInfo.com
has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm
commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering
and dissemination practices for this Web site: Fluteinfo.com
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and
to administer our Web site. Your IP address is also used to gather broad
demographic information. It is used to see what pages you visit the most,
so we can update them the most. Your IP Address is also used to prevent
people from voting twice on Polls. Your IP address is never kept more
than one week in our database.
Advertisers
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may
contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site,
cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and
we do not have access to this information.
Registration Forms
Our site's registration form requires users to give us unique identifiers.
Unique identifiers are collected from Web site visitors for use as
account numbers in our record system and will never be sold or traded
to third parties.
Order Forms
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products,
and services. We collect contact information (like their e-mail address).
Contact information from the order forms is used to get in touch with
the visitor when necessary.
Surveys
Our online surveys ask visitors for demographic information (like zip
code, age, or income level).
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site.
We use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site showing them
content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content
according to their preferences.
Dictionary
Our dictionary feature logs your IP address in connection with your search and search results. We collect this information so we can analyze the number of searches done by a user and also so we can determine what words need to be added to the database.
When submitting corrections, your e-mail address will only be used to send a response back to the user when we have made the change.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. Fluteinfo.com is not
responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
© 2020 DeveloperJesse.com
Privacy
Copyright
Accuracy