http://www.betseyjohnson.com/pages/privacy-policy
New Arrivals
All New Arrivals
Jewelry
Shoes
Handbags
Accessories
Apparel
Betsey Blue
BETSEY'S FAVES
Lycra
FASHION MASKS
Jewelry
New Arrivals
Sale
Clearance
All Jewelry
Earrings
Necklaces
Bracelets
Watches
Rings, Pins & Accessories
Handbags
New Arrivals
Sale
Clearance
All Handbags
Crossbody & Clutches
Totes & Satchels
Backpacks
Shoes
New Arrivals
Sale
Clearance
All Shoes
Dress
Flats & Sneakers
Boots & Booties
Slippers
Sandals
Betsey Blue
Accessories
New Arrivals
Sale
Clearance
All Accessories
FASHION FACE MASKS
Phone Cases
Gifting
Cosmetics
Apparel
New Arrivals
Sale
Clearance
All Apparel
Dresses
Activewear
Swimwear
Sleepwear
Sale
All Sale
Accessories
Jewelry
Shoes
Handbags
Apparel
Betsey Blue
Clearance
All Clearance
Jewelry
Shoes
Handbags
Apparel
Betsey Blue
Login
Create Account
Free shipping on orders over $50 - Order by December 14th to receive by December 24th. Exclusions apply details
Home
/
PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
Betsey Johnson Privacy Policy
BJ Acquisition LLC ("Betsey Johnson") respects your privacy and is committed
to taking reasonable steps towards protecting your privacy online and managing
your information responsibly, in order to best understand the products and
services that are most useful to you. This Privacy Policy is intended to
notify you of our online privacy practices, the type and categories of
information that may be collected, disclosed and stored, how the information
is used, with whom the information may be shared, what choices are available
to you regarding the collection, use and distribution of the information, what
kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or
alteration of information under our control, your rights regarding your
personal information and who to contact with questions or concerns.
This Privacy Policy applies to the Betsey Johnson stores, the websites located
at www.betseyjohnson.com (collectively, the "Website"), to any phone, fax,
and/or mail operations concerning processing of orders and questions about
products or services, as well as our marketing contacts with you. This Privacy
Policy does not apply to other websites to which we may link, or to other
companies or persons who might be listed as third-party contacts or suppliers
on the Website, or to whom we may refer you if you call or write us. We may
post links on the Website as a way of helping you locate related information
and products easily. However, when linking to another website, you must review
that website’s privacy notice as other websites may not treat information
collected online in the same manner as we do. This Privacy Policy also does
not apply to information collected when you purchase our products in
department and specialty stores, or on other third-party websites where our
products are sold. Unless otherwise specified, personal information collected
from these other channels is not provided to Betsey Johnson, and Betsey
Johnson has no control over how they use the information that they collect.
By using the Website and/or by contacting us and providing any personal
information, you consent to the collection and use of information by us in
accordance with this Privacy Policy, as well as the Website Terms of Use. If
we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this
page and, at the end of this Privacy Policy, indicate the date that changes
were last made.
WHY WE COLLECT INFORMATION:
We collect personal information because it helps us improve and deliver our
products and services. In addition, your personal information helps us
communicate to you our latest products, special offers, and information and
events about which you might like to hear. We also collect your personal
information to help us design and deliver our Website, and to deliver targeted
marketing to you based on your interests and previous purchases. We also may
correlate your personal information obtained from you with information from
other sources. For example, if you provide us with your personal information,
we may cross-check that against information that might be otherwise available
through other entities such as when you, or a business with which you are
affiliated, seeks to open a credit account with us, or in order to prevent or
detect fraud.
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT:
The following generally describes the type of information we may collect about
you. Those who wish to communicate with us but do not wish to provide personal
information online may contact us through the address or phone numbers
provided on our Website, or through our online chat function. However, you
should note that if you contact us by phone, online chat or via postal mail,
you may still be submitting personal information to us, as set forth herein.
We collect the following general categories of personal information:
Personal Identifiers;
Categories of personal information related to California Customer Records
statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80);
Commercial information;
Audio, electronic and visual information;
Internet or other electronic network activity information;
Geolocation Data; and
Protected classification information.
The specific types of personal information we collect are described in detail
below.
In-Store Shopping:
When you buy products or obtain services in our stores, we ask you for
information we need to process your purchase or provide you with the services
you request. Depending on the payment method you use, and only as permitted by
applicable law, we may ask for information to verify your identity or to
prevent fraud, such as your name, mailing address, telephone number, zip code,
driver’s license or ID number, passport number, checking account information
or payment card information. You may refuse to provide such information, but
you may not be permitted to complete your purchase if we cannot verify your
identity. If you do provide us with such information, you consent to it being
used in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We may also collect information
about your purchase, such as the items purchased, the price of the items, the
payment method used, and whether the product was on sale.
We may also use in-store video monitoring for security, quality control and
other purposes, such as helping us understand customer behavior and traffic
patterns within our physical locations. In furtherance of our security policy,
in-store video may be used, at our discretion, to assist law enforcement in
investigations and may also be turned over to governmental authorities,
agencies or others pursuant to an order issued or authorized by a court of
competent jurisdiction. Images captured by our in-store video monitoring will
be maintained for a limited period of time.
Telephonic Shopping and Customer Support:
You may call our customer service line for information about our products or
personal shopping advice. If you do so, we may ask you for information such as
your name, email address, postal address, telephone number and, if you choose
to make a purchase, your payment card information. We use this information to
respond to your requests and process your transactions.
Online Shopping:
When you order products or services from the Website, we will collect the
information necessary to complete your order, such as your name, e-mail
address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card number
and/or PayPal identifier) and billing address and/or shipping address. You may
also provide us with other information that you might submit. If you create an
account, we will collect information about your purchases and payment methods,
as well as the shipping addresses that you add to your address book, in order
to make future shopping experiences faster and more convenient.
General Browsing:
We collect information, including personal information, you voluntarily
submit, such as during a registration or ordering process, when you submit
questions or comments, request information or participate in online surveys,
contests, promotions or other activities. Should you voluntarily provide us
with personal information, you consent to our use of it in accordance with
this Privacy Policy.
Even if you do not submit personal information through the Website, we gather
navigational information about where visitors go on the Website and
information about the technical efficiencies of our Website and services
(i.e., time to connect to the Website, time to download pages, etc.). This
information allows us to see which areas of our Website are most visited and
helps us better understand the user experience. This helps us improve the
quality of the Website by recognizing and delivering more of the features,
areas, and services our visitors prefer. In this process of gathering
information, we may collect personally identifiable and non-personal
information (for example, domain type, browser type and version, third party
vendor and IP address, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time
stamp, and click-stream data). We may also create and use electronic records
to compile statistics about how our visitors collectively interact with our
Website.
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT:
We use the information we collect internally in our business for many business
purposes, such as to: (i) advance our economic and commercial interests by
providing the products or services you may order, including processing orders
and returns; (ii) analyze trends and conduct research about improving our
products and services; (iii) maintain and service customer accounts; (iv)
provide support and respond to questions from customers and Website visitors;
(v) improve our stores, Website, products and/or services; (vi) audit customer
activity in order to learn about and meet our customers’ needs; (vii) contact
consumers for research, informational, and marketing purposes, including
customizing our product recommendations and promotions to you based upon your
information and purchases; (viii) track traffic patterns and Website usage;
(ix) enable online ordering by processing and fulfilling your orders and
transactions, processing payments, and providing customer service with respect
to such orders; (x) correlate information with other commercially available
information to identify demographics and preferences to assist us in our
marketing efforts; (xi) provide specific relevant marketing, promotional, or
other information to you; (xii) address information security and/or privacy
practices control, network functioning, engineering, and troubleshooting
issues; (xiii) ensure and improve the quality and safety of our services;
(xiv) verify our customers information, and to protect against and prosecute
those responsible for malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity;
(xv) investigate and defend against claims and/or legal actions, violations of
law or agreements, and compliance with relevant applicable laws and legal
process; (xvi) comply with law, or based on our good faith belief that it is
necessary to conform or comply with the law, or otherwise to disclose
information to prevent fraud to reduce credit risks, to cooperate with police
and other governmental authorities, or to protect the rights, property or
safety of visitors to the Website or the public; and, (xvii) process or engage
in a sale of all or part of our business, or if we go through a reorganization
or merger.
We use the information we collect in a variety of ways. Generally, using all
of the above mentioned, and similar type tools, we may collect, aggregate, and
use information from or about you such as data about the type of browser and
operating system used, which web pages you view, the time and duration of your
visits to our Website, the search queries you may use on this Website, whether
you clicked on any items or links on the Website, whether you have clicked on
any links in any emails sent from us, or third-parties on our behalf, whether
you have chosen to opt-out of certain services or information sharing, and
whether you have viewed or ordered certain products or services.
Finally, we may also use your personal information to contact you in ways
other than e-mail or regular mail, such as via telephone contact, facsimile or
SMS, in accordance with your communication preferences.
HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION:
We collect information from various sources in two primary ways:
You Give Us Information: We collect information from you
when you submit it to us through our Website, other digital media or in
one of our stores.
We Collect Information Automatically: We automatically
collect certain types of information when you visit our Website or use our
products and services. For example, we automatically collect various types
of technical information when you use our Website as otherwise described
in this Privacy Policy.
Use of Cookies:
Cookies are bits of electronic information that a website may transfer to a
visitor’s computer to identify specific information about the visitor’s visits
to the website. We use cookies, for example, to preserve the contents of your
virtual shopping bag between visits. The Website uses a browser feature known
as a cookie, which assigns a unique identification to your computer. Cookies
are typically stored on your computer’s hard drive and are used to help track
clicks as you go through the pages within our Website. We may also use cookies
to tell us whether you have previously visited the Website. We also use
cookies that may be set by third-parties with whom we have entered into
agreements, which may enable us to obtain analytics information about the use
of our Website. You can set your browser not to accept cookies or to notify
you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the opportunity to decide whether
or not to accept it. You may also use commonly available tools in your browser
to remove cookies which may have been placed onto your computer. However,
please be aware that the Website requires cookies to operate correctly. For
example, if you turn off cookies or refuse them, you will not be able to make
purchases on the Website. We will not use shared local objects (commonly
referred to as "FLASH cookies") in a manner inconsistent with the purposes for
which they were designed unless you are specifically notified that we intend
to use them for a specific service. FLASH cookies are cookies that are placed
on your computer that are not removed through normal browser management tools.
Use of Web Beacons, Clear-GIFs, Pixel Tags and JavaScript:
We also may use "pixel tags" (also called "action pixels," "web beacons" or
"clear gifs") and/or JavaScript plug-ins, placed on our Website and in our
emails to you. These web beacons and plug-ins are small graphic images
(typically that you cannot see) or code on a website or in an email message
which are used for such things as recording web pages and advertisements
clicked-on by a user, or for tracking the performance of email marketing
campaigns. These devices help us analyze our customers' online behavior and
measure the effectiveness of our Website and our marketing. We also work with
third-party vendors that help us track, collect, and analyze this information.
Third-party entities with whom we have agreements may place these devices on
the Website and/or in e-mails to use information obtained from them such as
pages viewed, items purchased, e-mails opened and items upon which you may
click in e-mails. These third-party providers may also place cookies onto your
computer. Those third-party cookies may enable us to obtain aggregate
demographic information and user statistics about you and your preferences
from these third-party sources as well as our information we have about you.
Server Logs and Widgets:
A web "server log" is a record of activity created by a computer that delivers
certain web pages to your browser. Certain activities that you perform on our
Website may record information in server logs, such as if you enter a search
term into a search box located on the Website. The server log may record the
search term(s), or the link you clicked on to bring you to our Website. The
server log may also record information about your browser, such as your IP
address and the cookies set on your browser.
A "widget" is generally an application that can be embedded in a webpage.
Widgets can provide real-time information to the webpage. Widgets are often
provided by third-parties and we may provide widgets on our Website. Widgets
may enable the third-parties that provide them to collect data about users
visiting the Website.
Search Queries on Our Website:
We may provide you with options to search for information on our Website. If
you enter information in a search query box, we may store that information and
we may aggregate that information with other information we may have about the
browser and/or IP address from which the search query originated.
Surveys, Contests and Promotions:
From time to time, we may request information from users via surveys, contests
and other promotions. Participation in these surveys, contests or promotions
is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to
disclose this information. If you choose to participate, we may ask you for
additional information, which may include contact information (such as name,
email and shipping address) and/or demographic information (such as postal
code, age level), to provide better services and options to you. We use the
information you provide to administer our contests, sweepstakes and other
promotions, in addition to the purposes set forth herein. If your information
gathered via a survey will be used in a manner different from that described
in this Privacy Policy, such use will be detailed in the survey instructions.
For example, the instructions will alert you if the information will be shared
with anyone in addition to those identified in this Privacy Policy, such as a
third-party sponsoring the survey.
Content You Share
You may be able to post information and materials publicly, for example, in
product reviews, chat areas, and other similar forums (collectively,
"Forums"), subject to the Forum rules in our Terms of Use. If you post any
information in a Forum on the Website, it will be deemed public information
and available to the general public. Please do not post any personal
information in a review or Forum. If you do post personal information, you do
so at your own risk, and consent to it being used as a submission, in
accordance with our Terms of Use.
You may also be able to send certain content to other individuals using the
Website. To send information to others, we request both your email address and
theirs. We use this information only to fulfill your request. We may retain
the information you provide in connection with this feature. We will not
include any third-party advertisements within the messages sent to your
friends.
HOW WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION
In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of
personal information to the following categories of recipients:
Categories of Recipients
Categories of Personal Information
Vendors who may need access to your personal information to help us
provide our e-Commerce service to you.
Personal Identifiers;
Categories of personal information related to the California
Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80);
Commercial Information;
Internet or other Electronic Network Activity; and
Geolocation Data.
Payment processors, entities who may provide financing for your
purchase, and entities who provide identity and purchase verification
to protect you and Superga-USA from fraud.
Personal Identifiers;
Categories of personal information related to the California
Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80);
Commercial Information;
Internet or other Electronic Network Activity; and
Geolocation Data
Entities who provide labeling and shipping services to help us
deliver the products you may order.
Personal Identifiers;
Categories of personal information related to the California
Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80); and
Commercial Information.
Entities who provide us with e-mail address management, communication
contact services, and those who analyze and enhance our marketing
campaigns.
Personal Identifiers;
Categories of personal information related to the California
Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80);
Commercial Information;
Internet or other Electronic Network Activity;
Geolocation Data; and
Protected classifications of personal information, such as
demographic information.
The purposes for which we disclose personal information and the third parties
with whom we share it are described in more detail below.
We may share personal information and non-personal information externally for
business purposes with our affiliates, licensees and joint venture partners,
as well as with other third-party vendors who help us provide operational
services for the Website and our business, such as: business entities that
provide e-mail address management and communication contact services; network
equipment and application management providers and hosting entities; entities
that provide identity and purchase verification to protect you and Superga-USA
from fraud; entities that provide labeling and shipping services so as to
deliver the products you may order; credit and debit card payment gateways and
processors and the issuing and acquiring banks involved in the funds
settlement procedures necessary to charge your cards or financial accounts;
entities who provide financing for your purchases; entities that obtain
information such as demographic information which might be aggregated with
information we have about you; entities involved in analyzing and enhancing
our marketing and communication campaigns; judicial, administrative and/or
legal or financial accounting providers in the event that information must be
reviewed or released in response to civil and/or criminal investigations,
claims, lawsuits; or if we are subject to judicial or administrative process
(such as a subpoena) to release your information or to prosecute or defend
legal actions, as we believe is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical
harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or
actual illegal activity, and with other third party vendors which may be
involved in the other types of services and activities otherwise discussed in
this Privacy Policy. We do not sell, and in the past 12 months have not sold,
your personal information. In particular, we do not sell the personal
information of minors under 16 years of age.
BUSINESS TRANSFERS
If Betsey Johnson, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in
the unlikely event that Betsey Johnson goes out of business or enters
bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or
acquired by a third-party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and
that any acquirer of Betsey Johnson may continue to use your personal
information only in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
YOUR CHOICES ABOUT THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
If you do not consent to the way in which we may use your personal
information, please do not submit any personal information to us. If you do
not wish to receive emails about special offers and other promotions from us,
click the unsubscribe link located in our emails. If you do not wish to
receive other marketing materials from us and/or if you do not want us to
share your personal information with other entities as stated in this Privacy
Policy, please provide us with your exact name and address and advise us that
you wish to opt-out for information sharing or receiving information from us
or both as the case may be. Please direct your opt-out request to:
info@betseyjohnson.com, or
Betsey Johnson Direct
52-16 Barnett Ave
Long Island City, NY 11104
Attn: Director of Customer Service, Ecommerce
To learn more about interest-based advertising or to "opt-out" of interest
based advertising programs from participating companies, visit
www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
or
www.aboutads.info/choices/.
USE BY MINORS
We recognize the importance of children's safety and privacy. The Website is
not designed to attract children, and is not directed at, or intended for use
by, children under the age of 13. In accordance with the Children's Online
Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"), we do not request or collect any personal
information (“PI”) from anyone who we know to be under the age of 13, nor do
we knowingly sell or ship any items ordered through this Website directly to
anyone under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, you should not
register with, order or purchase from, or provide information to or from,
Betsey Johnson. If we become aware that a user of our Website is under the age
of 13 and has provided an online registration or other PI without prior
verifiable parental consent, we will take all commercially reasonable steps to
delete such information from our files and not to use such information for any
purpose (except where necessary to protect the safety of the child or others
as required or allowed by law). We ask all parents and legal guardians to
assist us in our efforts to comply with COPPA by prohibiting children under
the age of 13 from providing Betsey Johnson with any of their PI or using the
Website without parental oversight and assistance. If you have knowledge or
become aware that a child under the age of 13 has submitted PI to us, please
contact us and we will remove that child's PI from our files. If you are under
the age of 18, you should use this Website only with the involvement of a
parent or legal guardian and should not submit any PI to us.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
We collect various types of personal information about you during the course
of your relationship with us as a customer. Under California law, if you are a
resident of California, you may make a written request to us about how we have
shared your information with third parties for their direct marketing
purposes. In response to your written request, we are allowed to provide you
with a notice describing the cost-free means to opt-out of our sharing your
information with third parties with whom we do not share the same brand name,
if the third-party will use such information for its direct marketing
purposes.
If you would like to exercise your rights under California law, please send
your written request to the e-mail address or postal address below. Please
include your postal address in your request. Within thirty (30) days of
receiving your written request, we will provide you with a Third-Party Direct
Marketing Opt-Out Form so you may request that your personal information not
be disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes:
info@betseyjohnson.com; or
Betsey Johnson Direct
52-16 Barnett Ave
Long Island City, NY 11104
Attn: Director of Customer Service, Ecommerce
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Consumer Rights
If you are a resident of California, the CCPA grants you the following
specific rights regarding your personal information. In order to exercise your
rights, you must submit a consumer request, which must then be verified.
Generally, in order to verify your requests, we will compare the personal
information we have about you to pieces of personal information we will
request in the course of processing your request. The personal information
required for verification may include your name, email address, phone number,
shipping address, or the date of your last purchase from us. We will deliver a
response to you within 45 days of receiving the verifiable consumer request.
Right to Know
You have the right to submit a verifiable consumer request that we disclose
the following to you in a readily useable format covering the 12 month period
preceding your request:
The categories of personal information we have collected about you.
The categories of sources of the personal information we have collected
about you.
The business or commercial purpose(s) for collecting personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
The categories of personal information we have disclosed for a business
purpose.
Verifiable consumer requests to know may be submitted through one of the
following methods:
Call us toll free at 1-(866)-222-4243; or
Submit a request at
info@betseyjohnson.com
entitled “CCPA Request.”
A consumer may submit a request to know and receive a response twice within a
12-month period.
Right to Request Deletion
You have the right to request that we delete any personal information that we
have collected from you. However, we are not required to comply with a request
to delete, if it is necessary for us to retain the personal information in
order to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information,
provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably
anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with
you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive,
fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such
activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended
functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise
their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal.
Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical
research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable
ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render
impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you
previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer
expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with legal obligations.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are
compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Verifiable consumer requests to delete may be submitted through one of the
following methods:
Call us toll free at 1-(866)-222-4243; or
Submit a request at
info@betseyjohnson.com
entitled “CCPA Request.”
Right to Non Discrimination
You have the right to be free from discrimination when you exercise your
consumer rights under the CCPA, including by:
Denying you goods or services.
Charging you a different price or rate for goods or services, including
through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Providing you a different level of quality of goods or services.
Suggesting that you may receive a different rate for goods or services or
a difference level or quality of goods or services.
Notice of Price or Service Difference
We may offer consumers who provide personal identifiers, including their name,
email address, telephone number and zip code, a discounted rate for our
products, exclusive rewards, free shipping, and access to member-only shopping
events and sales. The value of this personal information varies based on the
amount the consumer purchases at the time they sign-up, the value of future
offers the consumer receives, and the extent to which they use those offers on
their future purchases with Betsey Johnson.
Consumers may opt-in to our loyalty program by signing up on our website at
https://betseyjohnson.com/account/register. Consumers may cancel their participation in this program at any time by
contacting our customer service at
info@betseyjohnson.com.
Authorized Agent
Under the CCPA, you may appoint an authorized agent to submit requests to
exercise your rights on your behalf. Should you choose to do so, for your and
our protection, we will require you to verify your identity directly with us
and directly confirm that you have provided the authorized agent permission to
submit the request. We note, should your authorized agent fail to submit proof
that they have been authorized to act on your behalf, we will deny their
request.
VISITORS TO THE WEBSITE OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES
If you are visiting the Website from a location outside of the United States,
your connection will be through servers located in the United States. All
information you receive from the Website will be created on servers located in
the United States, and all information you provide will be maintained on web
servers and systems located within the United States. The data protection laws
in the United States might not be the same as those in your country. By using
this Website and/or submitting information to us, you specifically consent to
the transfer of your information to the United States to the facilities and
servers we use, and to those with whom we may share your information.
UPDATING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We prefer to keep your personal information accurate and up-to-date. If you
would like to change your contact information, please login to your account
here.
LINKS
For your convenience, the Website may contain links to other websites. We are
not responsible for the privacy practices, advertising, products, or the
content of such other websites. None of the links should be deemed to imply
that we endorse or have any affiliation with the links.
SECURITY
We believe in providing a safe and secure experience for all of our online
visitors. To that end, we have implemented security measures to protect the
information collected from you. We maintain reasonable physical and electronic
safeguards designed to limit unauthorized access to your personal information,
and to protect you against the criminal misuse of that information.
We use data encryption technology when transferring and receiving your
sensitive personal information, such as credit card or financial account
information. For example, in your transactions submitted by you through the
Website, a solid key icon or a locked padlock icon at the lower portion of
your web browser window confirms the Website is secured through Secure Sockets
Layer (SSL). Pages requesting personal information should always have one of
these icons. You can also confirm your data is being encrypted by looking at
the URL line of your browser (the place where you type website addresses).
When accessing a secure server, the site address will change from "http" to
"https".
While we use the foregoing security measures to protect your information,
please note that no data transmitted over the Internet or stored and utilized
for business purposes can be guaranteed to be completely secure. No security
measures are perfect or impenetrable. We cannot guarantee that only authorized
persons will view your information. We cannot ensure that information you
share on the Website will not become publicly available. You can reduce these
risks by using common sense security practices such as choosing a strong
password, using different passwords for different services, and using up to
date antivirus software.
QUESTIONS / CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
If you have questions or concerns with respect to our Privacy Policy, you may
contact us at
info@betseyjohnson.com. We may elect to change or amend our Privacy Policy, in whole or in part, at
our discretion and without prior notice; in such event, we will post any such
changes or amendments in our Privacy Policy on the Website, which will
supersede all prior versions. If you are concerned about how your personal
information is used, please visit our Website often for this and other
important announcements and updates.
Last Updated: July 13, 2020
Free Shipping Details
Receive Free Ground Shipping for orders over $50 by entering promotional code LOVEBETSEY at checkout. Free Shipping promotion is only valid for shipping addresses in the United States excluding Alaska, Hawaii, US Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, Guam, military and air force bases. Please note, this promotion may not be combined with any other offers unless explicitly noted.
The LOVEBETSEY code is not valid on Clearance Items.
Expedited shipping options are also available for an additional fee.
To see further details, please visit our Shipping Policy page.
FREE SHIPPING OVER $50 USE CODE LOVEBETSEY
My Account
Order Tracking
Customer Service
Notice of Accessibility
sign up for emails and get 20% off your next order!
birthday
Month
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12
Day
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
PRIVACY POLICY
YOUR CART
You have no items in your shopping cart.