http://www.jacksonfineart.com/privacy/
Skip to main content
Menu
About
Artists
Exhibitions
Online Viewing Rooms
Our App
News
Video
Contact
Menu
The gallery is open by appointment. Make a reservation here.
Privacy
Welcome to JacksonFineArt.com (the “Website”), owned and published by Walker/Heyman, LLC d/b/a Jackson Fine Art ("we" or "us"). We have developed this Privacy Policy to explain the types of personal information we collect, the reasons we collect this information, and how we utilize this information once we have collected it. By accessing the Website, you are consenting to the information collection and use practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Types of Information Collected
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you provide to us through the Website, at events and art fairs, by phone or email, or otherwise, including your name, email address, residential address, shipping address, phone number, product preferences and selections, and purchase history.
IP Address and Device Information
We collect information from your Internet browser when you visit the Website, including your IP address, HTTP referrer, browser and device information, webpages visited, and session information. We collect this information using cookies and other tracking technologies. Users who do not accept cookies may not be able to access all areas or features of the Website.
We also use Google Analytics on the Website. Google Analytics uses cookies and other tracking technologies to monitor how you interact with the Website and other websites. We use Google Analytics to obtain generalized information about visitors to the Website. The information collected by Google Analytics is stored by Google and is subject to Google’s privacy policy, which is accessible on Google’s website.
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect for a variety of purposes, including:
Processing payments and fulfilling purchases;Facilitating, personalizing, and improving your experience on the Website;Providing customer service;Monitoring and analyzing usage of the Website, and optimizing its performance;Improving security of the Website and preventing fraud;Making business improvements;Communicating with you, including sending you marketing materials and newsletters to your email address and mailing address (we use MailChimp to manage some of our email messaging to you, and you can access MailChimp’s privacy policy at https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/).How We May Share Your Information
We may share your personal information with our vendors, service providers, business partners, and other third parties as reasonably necessary to operate the Website and provide services to you, including fulfilling purchases, improving the Website, performing maintenance on the Website, providing customer service, and communicating with you. We may also share the information we collect to comply with the law, a court order, or legal process served on us, to cooperate with the investigation of alleged unlawful conduct, to enforce the Terms of Use or protect the intellectual property and other rights associated with the Website, or to transfer our assets to another company.
Your Rights in Your Information
We process your personal information with your consent, as necessary to process payments and fulfill purchases, and in furtherance of the legitimate interests our business, including to prevent fraud, provide customer service, optimize the Website, market our products, make business improvements, and manage inventory. The personal information we collect from you may be transferred to and stored and processed in the United States or elsewhere. Depending on your location and our basis (or bases) for collecting your personal information, you may be entitled to certain privacy rights, including:
Right of access to your personal information;Right to rectification of your personal information;Right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”);Right to restrict processing of your personal information;Right to data portability;Right to object (opt-out); andRight to withdraw consent.Security
We take commercially reasonable measures to safeguard the information we collect from you. If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, please contact us.
Retention
We will not retain your personal information longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the information was collected as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Children
The Website is not targeted to or intended for use by children, and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from anyone under the age of 13. We will delete any information in our database that we determine originates from a child under the age of 13. If you are 13 years of age or older but under the age of 18, you may only access the Website under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian and subject to his or her consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use.
Revisions to Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we may share it. Any modification is effective as of the posting of the change.
Contact Us
We are the controller of your personal information that you provide to us or that we collect through the Website. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our use of your personal information, or to access, modify, or erase your personal information pursuant to applicable law, please contact us using the information provided below.
Mailing Address:
Jackson Fine Art
3115 East Shadowlawn Avenue
Atlanta, GA 30305
Email: info@jacksonfineart.com
This Privacy Policy was last updated on June 13, 2018.
Email: info@jacksonfineart.com
Tel: 404.233.3739
Fax: 404.233.1205
Sign up for our mailing list
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
3115 East Shadowlawn Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30305
Tuesday - Saturday, 10am - 5pm
Sunday - Monday, Closed
Jackson Fine Art is an internationally known photography gallery based in Atlanta, specializing in 20th century & contemporary photography.
© 2020 Jackson Fine Art
Accessibility Policy
Privacy policy
Terms of use
Site by Artlogic