https://www.rag-bone.com/terms-conditions.html
Top
Chat
Shop Now  | Ensure a delivery by 12/24
| Ensure a delivery by 12/24
Free Shipping & Returns on U.S. Orders*
Chat
Help
Account
Sign Up
*The promo code will be sent to the e-mail address entered.
Search Catalog
Search
Women
Featured
New
Holiday Campaign Edit
Quality Comfort
Masks
Best Sellers
Sale
Apparel
Jeans
Pants
Shorts
T-Shirts
Tops
Sweaters
Sweatshirts
Blazers
Coats & Jackets
Dresses & Skirts
Jumpsuits & Rompers
Tailoring
Shop all
Footwear
Boots
Sneakers
Heels
Sandals
Espadrilles
Flats
Shop all
Accessories
Masks
Handbags & Wallets
Scarves
Hats
Belts
Gloves
Sunglasses
Fragrance
Shop all
Men
Featured
New
Holiday Campaign Edit
Quality Comfort
Masks
Best Sellers
Sale
Apparel
Jeans
Chinos
Pants
Shorts
Shirts
T-Shirts
Polos
Sweatshirts
Sweaters
Blazers
Coats & Jackets
Suiting
Shop all
Footwear
Sneakers
Boots
Dress
Shop all
Accessories
Masks
Ties & Belts
Hats
Scarves
Sunglasses
Fragrance
Shop all
Gifts
For Her
Cozy Gifts
Timeless Gifts
One of a Kind Gifts
Gifts Under $150
Shop all
For Him
Comfort Gifts
Timeless Gifts
One of a Kind Gifts
Gifts Under $150
Shop all
Sale
Women
Jeans
Pants & Shorts
Tops & Tees
Sweaters & Sweatshirts
Coats & Jackets
Dresses & Skirts
Footwear
Accessories
Shop all
Men
Jeans
Pants & Shorts
Shirts
Sweaters & Sweatshirts
Coats & Jackets
Footwear & Accessories
Shop all
Explore
Services
Our Guarantee
Virtual Styling
COVID-19 Updates & Safety
Denim Recycling
Our Story
Story & Values
Campaigns
RB Archive
Information
Quality Guaranteed FAQs
Contact Us
Stores
Gift cards
Help
Track Your Order
Contact Us
Chat
Account
Search
Bag
0
Secondary Navigation
Customer Service
FAQ
Shipping
Returns
Our Guarantee
Your Order
Payments
International
Size Guides
Shipping & Returns
Contact Us
Our company
Careers
Quality Guaranteed FAQ
Student Program
The Denim Recycling Project
About Us
Legal
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Gift Cards
Do Not Sell My Info
Terms & Conditions
The rag-bone.com website (the “Website”) is owned and operated by Rag & Bone Holdings, LLC (“rag & bone,” “us” or “we”). By using and/or visiting the Website, you assent to these terms of use (the “Terms of Use”) which include and incorporate by reference the terms and conditions of our Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy"). If you do not agree to any of these terms, then please do not use the Website. Rag & bone may revise these Terms of Use from time to time in its sole discretion, without prior notification to you of such revision. If rag & bone makes changes to these Terms of Use, it will post them here.
If you use this Website after changes are posted, it means that you have agreed to the Terms of Use as changed.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY AS THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS, REMEDIES AND OBLIGATIONS.
1. Use of this website
For purposes of these Terms of Use, “content” is defined as any information, data, communications, software, photos, video, graphics, music, sounds, and other material and services that can be viewed by users on our Website.
By accepting these Terms of Use, you acknowledge and agree that all content presented to you on this Website is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, or other proprietary rights and laws, and is the sole property of rag & bone and/or its affiliates. You are only permitted to use the content as expressly authorized by us or the specific content provider. Except for a single copy made for personal use only, you may not copy, reproduce, modify, republish, upload, post, transmit, or distribute any documents or information from this Website in any form or by any means without prior written permission from us or the specific content provider, and you are solely responsible for obtaining permission before reusing any copyrighted material that is available on this Website. Any unauthorized use of the materials appearing on this Website may violate copyright, trademark and other applicable laws and could result in criminal or civil penalties.
Neither we nor our affiliates warrant or represent that your use of materials displayed on, or obtained through, this Website will not infringe the rights of third parties.
All custom graphics, icons, logos and service names are registered trademarks, tradenames or service marks of rag & bone or its affiliates. All other trademarks or service marks are property of their respective owners. Nothing in these Terms of Use grants you any right to use any trademark, service mark, logo, and/or the name of rag & bone.
2. Limited licence and website access
We grant you a limited license to use the Website for personal use only. Consequently, this grant does not allow you to do any of the following: (a) resell or make any commercial use of this Website or any of the contents of this Website; (b) modify, adapt, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or convert into human readable form any of the contents of this Website not intended to be so read. This includes using or directly viewing the underlying HTML or other code from this Website except as interpreted and displayed in a web browser; (c) copy, imitate, mirror, reproduce, distribute, publish, download, display, perform, post or transmit any of the contents of this Website (including any intellectual property) in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise; or (d) use any data mining, bots, spiders, automated tools or similar data gathering and extraction methods on the contents of the Website or to collect any information from the Website or any other user of the Website.
3. International access
This Website may be accessed from countries outside the United States. This Website may contain products or references to products that are not available outside of the United States. Any such references do not imply that such products will be made available outside the United States. If you access and use this Website outside the United States, you are responsible for complying with your local laws and regulations.
4. Security
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account information and password and for restricting access to such information and to your computer. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password.
This Website has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, unauthorized use and alteration of the information under our control. However, your confidential use of this Website cannot be guaranteed by rag & bone. Rag & bone shall not be responsible for any harm, loss, damage, liability, cost or expense (including attorneys’ fees) that you or any third party may suffer as the result of a breach of confidentiality with respect to information you transmitted to this Website.
5. Linking to this website
Creating or maintaining any link from another website to any page on this Website without the prior written permission of rag & bone is prohibited. Running or displaying this Website or any material displayed on this Website in frames or through similar means on another website without the prior written permission of rag & bone is prohibited. Any permitted links to this Website must comply with these Terms of Use as well as all applicable laws, rule and regulations. Rag & bone has not reviewed all of the sites linked to this Website and is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any off-Website pages or any other Websites linked to this Website, whether or not they are affiliated with rag & bone. That another website is linked to this Website does not constitute endorsement by rag & bone of the owner of the other site, the content of its site, or its products or services.
6. Outside Links
This Website may contain links to other sites for your convenience. These other sites and parties are not under the control of rag & bone, and you acknowledge that rag & bone is not responsible for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality, decency, or any other aspect of the content of such sites, nor is rag & bone responsible for errors or omissions in any references to other parties or their products and services. The inclusion of such a link or reference does not imply endorsement of, or association with, the site or party by rag & bone, or any warranty of any kind, either express or implied.
7. Limitations on rag & bone's liability
We assume no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect your computer, telecommunication equipment, or other property caused by or arising from your access to, use of, or browsing this Website or your downloading of any materials, from this Website.
IN NO EVENT WILL WE, OUR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SHAREHOLDERS, AFFILIATES, PARENT CORPORATIONS, AGENTS, SUCCESSORS, ASSIGNS, NOR ANY PARTY INVOLVED IN THE CREATION, PRODUCTION OR TRANSMISSION OF THIS WEBSITE BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE RESULTING FROM LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) ARISING OUT OF THE USE, INABILITY TO USE, OR THE RESULTS OF USE OF THIS WEBSITE, ANY WEBSITES LINKED TO THIS WEBSITE, OR THE MATERIALS, INFORMATION OR SERVICES CONTAINED AT ANY OR ALL SUCH WEBSITES, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY AND WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY DO NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY LAW.
8. Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold rag & bone and its respective officers, directors, employees, shareholders, affiliates, parent corporations, agent, successors and assigns harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorney’s fees, arising from or related to your use of this Website.
9. Inappropriate material
You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, defamatory, libelous, obscene, pornographic or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense or give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. In addition to any remedies that we may have at law or in equity, if we reasonably determine that you have violated or are likely to violate the foregoing prohibitions, we may take any action we reasonably deem necessary to cure or prevent the violation, including without limitation, the immediate removal from this Website of the related materials. We will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order or subpoena requesting or directing us to disclose the identity of anyone posting such materials.
10. General Provisions
This Website is operated under the supervision of rag & bone from its offices within the state of New York. If you choose to access this Website from other locations, you do so at your own initiative and you are responsible for complying with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. You may not download or otherwise export or re-export software from this Website in violation of United States export controls.
These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed according to the laws of the state of New York, without regard to conflicts of laws principles thereof. Any claim or cause of action arising out of or relating to these Terms of Use shall be barred unless such claim or cause of action is brought within one year after it arises; any such claim or cause of action shall be brought only in the state or federal courts in New York, New York, and you consent to jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating such actions.
Whenever possible, each provision of these Terms of Use shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision is deemed prohibited or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity without invalidating the remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use.
Rag & bone reserves the right to deny in its sole discretion any user access to this Website without notice and with or without reason.
This is the entire agreement between us relating to your use of this Website. These Terms of Use may not be modified by you, in writing or otherwise, unless agreed to in a written document signed by rag & bone.
RAG & BONE SMS TERMS AND CONDITIONS
By signing up for one or more text messaging programs, you expressly consent to receive marketing or non-marketing text messages, as applicable, from rag & bone and others texting on its behalf at the telephone number(s) that you provide. You also accept and agree to be bound by these SMS Terms and Conditions, our privacy policy, and any other applicable terms and agreements related to your use of our services. You may opt-out of these communications at any time, and consent to receive marketing text messages is not required to purchase any goods or services.
Program Description
rag & bone and its service providers may use an automatic telephone dialing system to deliver text messages to you. Rag & bone text messages are intended to provide you with marketing and promotional information regarding rag & bone products and services (e.g., events and promotions). We may also provide you with transaction-related information. These may also include cart reminder messages. Data obtained from you in connection with any Text Message services may include you cell phone number, your provider’s name and the date, time and content of your text messages. We may use this information in accordance with our Privacy Policy to contact you and to provide the services you request from us.
Message Frequency
The number of rag & bone text messages that you receive will vary depending on the frequency of the messages sent by the program.
Cost
Message and data rates may apply to each text message sent or received in connection with rag & bone text messages, as provided in your mobile telephone service rate plan (please contact your mobile telephone carrier for pricing plans), in addition to any applicable roaming charges. Under no circumstances will we or our affiliates be responsible for any SMS messaging or wireless charges incurred by you or by a person that has access to your wireless device or telephone number. If your carrier does not permit SMS messages, you may not receive the Text Messages. You are responsible for any fees imposed by your mobile carrier of any kind whatsoever.
How to Opt-In
To opt-in to receive text messages from our text messaging program, please follow the instructions provided by the specific program from which you wish to receive messages. For example, you may be asked to reply in the affirmative in the manner indicated in an initial text message (e.g., Y or Yes).
How to Opt-Out
To stop receiving text messages from us, text “STOP” to any text message you receive from us.
Your Mobile Telephone Number
You represent that you are the account holder for the mobile telephone number(s) that you provide. `If you change or deactivate the phone number you provided, you have an affirmative obligation to update your account information and the phone number(s) attached to your account to prevent us from inadvertently communicating with anyone who acquires any phone number(s) previously attributed to you, and any new phone number(s) you attach to your account may receive our standard marketing Text Messages unless you unsubscribe.
Supported Carriers
Supported carriers may change from time to time, but currently include AT&T, T-Mobile, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, Nextel, Boost, Alltel, US Cellular, and Cellular One, among others.
Support/Help
For HELP reply “HELP” to any Text Message you receive from us or email textsupport@wunderkind.co. Message and data rates will apply and you should check the rates of your mobile carrier. Text Messages are distributed via third party mobile network providers and, therefore, we cannot control certain factors relating to message delivery. Depending on the recipient's mobile carrier, it may not be possible to transmit the text message to the recipient successfully; nor is content available on all carriers. We do not claim or guarantee availability or performance of this service, including liability for transmission delays or message failures.
Changes to Terms and Conditions
Rag & bone reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of these Terms and/or the Policies. Your continued use of SMS following the posting of any changes will mean that you accept and agree to such changes.
Termination of Text Messaging
We may suspend or terminate your receipt of Text Messages if we believe you are in breach of these SMS Terms and Conditions. Your receipt of rag & bone Text Messages is also subject to termination in the event that your mobile telephone service terminates or lapses. Rag & bone reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, all or any part of Text Messages, with or without notice.
Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. Please visit our Privacy Policy to review our privacy statement.
Get first access to new products and promotions.
Your Email
Your Zip Code
Customer Care
Customer Care
Contact Us
Your Order
Shipping
Returns
International
Size Guide
FAQs
Our Company
Stories & Values
Quality Guaranteed FAQ
Stores
Careers
Student Program
Accessibility
Account
Gift Cards
Create an Account
Log In
Connect
Instagram
Facebook
YouTube
Region: USA
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Do not sell my info
©2020 rag & bone
Need some help? Chat with us.
Our chat is currently available from 8am to 11pm EST To chat with one of our service representatives please click the button below.
start chat
Offline
Our chat is currently unavailable. Please come back between the hours of 8am to 11pm EST to chat with one of our representatives.
How can we help you?
Please find some helpful links below. Customer Care available 8 am - 11 pm EST.
help@rag-bone.com
844.724.2663
Live Chat
Track your Package
Shipping
Returns
Size Guides
Customer Care
Get first access to new products, promotions, and other special announcements.
Receive 15% Off Your First Order When You Sign Up*
Submit
*The promo code will be sent to the e-mail address entered.
International shipping available to more than 75 countries
We are working with our global partner Borderfree to offer you the best possible international shopping experience.Please select the country you would like to ship to and your currency below:
Country:
United States
Antigua and Barbuda
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Bahrain
Barbados
Belgium
Belize
Bermuda
Brazil
Bulgaria
Canada
Cayman Islands
China
Colombia
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Dominican Republic
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Grenada
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Liechtenstein
Luxembourg
Macao
Maldives
Malta
Mexico
Monaco
Netherlands
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Norway
Oman
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russian Federation
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
South Africa
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Trinidad and Tobago
Turkey
Turks and Caicos Islands
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
Currency:
United Arab Emirates Dirham (AED)
Netherlands Antillan Guilder (ANG)
Australian Dollar (AUD)
Bosnian Convertible Mark (BAM)
Barbados Dollar (BBD)
Taka (BDT)
Bulgarian Lev (BGN)
Bahraini Dinar (BHD)
Boliviano (BOB)
Brazilian Real (BRL)
Bahamian Dollar (BSD)
Belize Dollar (BZD)
Canadian Dollar (CAD)
Swiss Franc (CHF)
Chilean Peso (CLP)
Yuan Renminbi (CNY)
Colombian Peso (COP)
Costa Rican Colon (CRC)
Czech Koruna (CZK)
Danish Krone (DKK)
Dominican Peso (DOP)
Egyptian Pound (EGP)
Euro (EUR)
British Pound (GBP)
Quetzal (GTQ)
Hong Kong Dollar (HKD)
Lempira (HNL)
Croatian Kuna (HRK)
Hungarian Forint (HUF)
Israeli Shekel (ILS)
Indian Rupee (INR)
Jamaican Dollar (JMD)
Jordanian Dinar (JOD)
Japanese Yen (JPY)
Riel (KHR)
Korean Won (KRW)
Kuwaiti Dinar (KWD)
Cayman Islands Dollar (KYD)
Tenge (KZT)
Lebanese Pound (LBP)
Sri Lanka Rupee (LKR)
Moroccan Dirham (MAD)
Rufiyaa (MVR)
Mexican Peso (MXN)
Malayan Ringgit (MYR)
Namibia Dollar (NAD)
Cordoba Oro (NIO)
Norwegian Krone (NOK)
Nepalese Rupee (NPR)
New Zealand Dollar (NZD)
Omani Rial (OMR)
Balboa (PAB)
Peruvian Nuevo Sol (PEN)
Philippine Peso (PHP)
Pakistan Rupee (PKR)
Polish Zloty (PLN)
Guarani (PYG)
Qatari Riyal (QAR)
New Romanian Leu (RON)
Russian Ruble (RUB)
Saudi Riyal (SAR)
Swedish Krona (SEK)
Singapore Dollar (SGD)
Lilangeni (SZL)
Thai Baht (THB)
Turkish Lira (TRY)
Taiwan Dollar (TWD)
Ukraine Hryvnia (UAH)
US Dollar (USD)
Uruguay New Peso (UYU)
CFA Franc BEAC (XAF)
CFA Franc BCEAO (XOF)
South African Rand (ZAR)
Start Shopping
Are you shipping to the U.S.?
Please click here to shop our U.S. site
Returning Customers
If you are a registered user, please enter your email and password.
Create an Account
Creating an account is simple and makes your future shopping visits easier.
Sign up is free: You can access your account from anywhere.
Quicker checkout: Easy checkout process with your information already saved.
Address book: Save shipping addresses for yourself, friends or family in your personal address book.
Create an Account
Your cart is empty
Checkout
View Cart