http://www.detroitsymphony.com/about-the-dso/privacy-policy
facebook
instagram
twitteryoutube-play
Privacy Policy
Last Updated 9/17/2019The Detroit Symphony Orchestra is dedicated to protecting the privacy of our patrons and the visitors to our website. We have sanctioned the following privacy policy, which summarizes for our website users how personal information is handled.Information GatheredThe information we gather includes IP address, Internet Service Provider, name, street address, telephone number, e-mail address and credit card details. A user’s IP address is collected to help administer our website and diagnose problems with our server. A person’s name, street address, telephone number, and email address will be acquired only if the person provides that information to The Detroit Symphony Orchestra through our website at the domain name www.dso.org, in person, by phone or by mail. Any credit card information collected by the Detroit Symphony Orchestra is kept private in order to prevent misuse. Purchases made on our website are handled by a secure server.CookiesA cookie is a piece of data stored on a user's hard drive containing information about the user. Cookies may be utilized by the Detroit Symphony Orchestra to track and target the interests of website visitors to enhance their online experience. Utilization of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on the website. If a visitor rejects the cookie, the visitor may still use the website.Use of InformationThe Detroit Symphony Orchestra does not sell or rent any of the collected information listed above. The Detroit Symphony Orchestra, or entities working on behalf of the Detroit Symphony Orchestra, may occasionally send out mailings to email accounts or street addresses regarding upcoming events, new programming, donation inquiries or special promotions. If you do not wish to receive such information, please call or write to the phone number or address provided below. Unmasked credit card information will not be provided to third parties.LinksThe Detroit Symphony Orchestra’s website contains links to other websites not necessarily affiliated with the organization. The Detroit Symphony Orchestra is not responsible for the content of other websites linked from www.dso.org or for the privacy practices of those websites.Children’s ProtectionIn order to comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), the Detroit Symphony Orchestra will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. In the event a child under the age of 13 accesses our website and provides us with personal information without parental or guardian consent, a parent or guardian may contact us to have the information removed from our records.Changes to the PolicyIn the future we may use customer information for other means not disclosed in this privacy policy. If our practices change, we will make the necessary adjustments to this policy. You should review this policy each time you visit our website in order to learn of any changes.GDPRResidents of the European Union who would like to receive a copy of or ask for the deletion of their personally identifiable data may contact the Detroit Symphony Orchestra at the below address.Contact UsIf you have any questions or comments regarding this privacy policy, please contact us at:Detroit Symphony Orchestra 3711 Woodward Avenue Detroit, MI 48201 (313) 576-5100info@dso.org