http://www.hardyboyscasefiles.com/terms.php
HARDY BOYSENCYCLOPEDIA
SERIES
MYSTERIES
CASEFILES
CLUES BROTHERS
UNDERCOVER BROTHERS
SECRET FILES
ADVENTURES
CLUE BOOKS
TELEVISION
ENCYCLOPEDIA
FORUMS
ABOUT
LINKS
Terms of Use
Welcome to the Hardy Boys Encyclopedia web site at hardyboyscasefiles.com ("Site") which is owned by SkyWarp Productions (SWP).
SWP has created this Site for your personal enjoyment, entertainment and education. However, you are only authorized to access this Site or to use the materials contained in the Site (regardless of whether your access or use is intended) if you agree to abide by all applicable laws, and to these Terms of Use which constitute an Agreement between you and SWP. Please read these Terms of Use carefully and save them. If you do not agree with them, you should leave this Site immediately. Any questions or comments regarding, or problems with this Site should be sent to the Site Administrator.
SWP reserves the right to modify or amend this Agreement without notice at any time. It is therefore important that you read this page regularly to ensure you are updated as to any changes.
If you become aware of misuse of this Site by any person, please contact the Site Administrator with your concerns.
Access and Use
All materials contained in this Site are protected by international trademark and copyright laws and must only be used for personal, non-commercial purposes. This means that you may only view or download material from this Site for your own use and you must keep all copyright and other proprietary notices attached to the downloaded material.
The reproduction, duplication, distribution (including by way of email, facsimile or other electronic means), publication, modification, copying or transmission of material from this Site is STRICTLY PROHIBITED unless you have obtained the prior written consent of SWP or unless it is expressly permitted by this Site. The material covered by this prohibition includes, without limitation, any text, graphics, logos, photographs, audio or video material or stills from audiovisual material available on this Site. The use of materials from this Site on any other web site or networked computer environment is similarly prohibited.
Requests for permission to reproduce or distribute materials found on this Site can be made by contacting SWP.
You are also strictly prohibited from creating works or materials that derive from or are based on the materials contained in this Site including, without limitation, fonts, icons, link buttons, wallpaper, desktop themes, on-line postcards and greeting cards and unlicensed merchandise. This prohibition applies regardless of whether the derivative materials are sold, bartered, or given away.
The Site may provide you with the chance to upload or provide messages, photos, videos, clips, ideas, feedback, comments or other content (“Content”). You understand and agree that SWP has the right in its sole discretion, but not the obligation, to monitor, edit, and remove any posted Content, and assumes no liability for any such Content. You warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to such Content, that it is accurate, and that its use does not violate these terms and will not injure any person or entity. You further agree not to upload, post or otherwise make available Content that is protected by a third party’s copyright, trademark or other proprietary right without the express permission of the third party owner of the copyright, trademark or other proprietary right. You shall be solely liable for any damage resulting from any infringements on third party rights resulting from your submission of such Content.
You agree that your uploading and/or transmittal of Content does not violate any of the provisions set forth under the “Bulletin Boards, Chat Rooms, and Forums” section of these terms. If you upload or transmit Content, you grant to SWP a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, sub-licensable right to use, reproduce, modify, publish, translate, create derivative works (including products) from, distribute, and display such Content, in whole or in part, throughout the world in all media. You grant to SWP the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such Content.
You agree that any Content that you submit shall be considered non-proprietary and non-confidential. SWP shall have no obligations of any kind with respect to any Content and shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose and/or distribute any Content for any purpose whatsoever, without limitation. You also agree that SWP shall be free to use any ideas, concepts or techniques embodied in the Content for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, producing, developing and marketing news stories, shows, content of any kind, products or services incorporating such ideas, concepts, or techniques, without attribution. In addition, you hereby waive all moral rights you may have in any materials uploaded or sent to us by you.
Bulletin Boards, Chat Rooms, and Forums
You are welcome to post, transmit or submit messages and other materials (which include uploading files, inputting data or any other materials or engaging in any form of communication in connection with this Site) (collectively "Messages") to bulletin boards, chat rooms or other public areas within, or in connection with, this Site (collectively "Forums"). However, SWP accepts no responsibility whatsoever in connection with or arising from such Messages. In addition, children under the age of 13 are not authorized to post messages or participate in forums on this site.
SWP does not endorse and has no control over the content of Messages submitted by others to Forums. Messages submitted to Forums are not necessarily reviewed by SWP prior to posting and do not necessarily reflect the opinions or policies of SWP. SWP makes no warranties, express or implied, as to the content of the Messages in the Forums or the accuracy and reliability of any Messages and other materials in the Forums. Nonetheless, SWP reserves the right to prevent you from submitting Materials to Forums and to edit, restrict or remove such Messages for any reason at any time.
SWP assumes no responsibility for actively monitoring Forums for inappropriate Messages. If at any time SWP chooses, in its sole discretion, to monitor the Forums, SWP nonetheless assumes no responsibility for the content of the Messages, no obligation to modify or remove any inappropriate Messages, and no responsibility for the conduct of the user submitting any Message. In submitting Messages to Forums, you agree to strictly limit yourself to discussions about the subject matter for which the Forums are intended. You agree that SWP accepts no liability whatsoever if it determines to prevent your Messages from being submitted or if it edits, restricts or removes your Messages. You also agree to permit any other user of this Site to access, view, store or reproduce the material for that other user's personal use and not to restrict or inhibit the use of the Site by any other person.
You agree that you will not submit Messages to Forums that:
are unlawful, threatening, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane or indecent including any communication that constitutes (or encourages conduct that would constitute) a criminal offense, gives rise to civil liability or otherwise violates any local, state, national or international law;
violate the copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights of any other person. By submitting Messages to Forums, you represent to SWP that you are the rightful owner of such material or that you have first obtained permission to submit the material from the rightful owner;
improperly assume or claim the identity, characteristics or qualifications of another person
are for purposes of spamming
contain any virus or other harmful component
are libelous, or an invasion of privacy or publicity rights or any other third party rights; or
are for commercial purposes or contain advertising or are intended to solicit a person to buy or sell services or to make donations.
You agree that any Message whatsoever submitted by you becomes the property of SWP and may be used, copied, sublicensed, adapted, transmitted, distributed, publicly performed, published, displayed or deleted as SWP sees fit.
You agree to release SWP, its parents and affiliates together with their respective employees, agents, officers, directors and shareholders, from any and all liability and obligations whatsoever in connection with or arising from your use of Forums. If at any time you are not happy with the Forums or object to any material within Forums, your sole remedy is to cease using them.
RSS Feeds
SWP offers free headlines for personal, non-commercial use via Really Simple Syndication (“RSS”) (RSS 2.0). RSS is an XML-based format for easily sharing news headlines and summaries for use in your favorite news readers and Web logs (blogs). The feeds include links back to the Site for the full article, and they update automatically.
To use RSS, you will need a special RSS news reader or aggregator that will allow you to collect and display the RSS content. SWP does not provide the required news reader or aggregator. There are many different news readers available, many for free. Most news readers are applications that you download and install. Others are web-based services you sign up for that work inside your browser.
Most of the latest versions of each well known browser contain built in RSS readers.
These Terms of Use and SWP’s Privacy Policy govern your use of RSS. Any uses of RSS not granted herein are strictly prohibited. Prohibited uses include, but are not limited to, the incorporation of advertising or the placement of advertising associated with or targeted at the content of the RSS. You may not edit or modify the RSS feeds in any manner whatsoever. RSS feeds may be used only with platforms with a functional link which takes the viewer directly to the full article on the Site. You may not insert any intermediate page, splash page or any other content between the RSS link and the applicable article on the Site. SWP retains all ownership and other rights in the RSS content and in any and all SWP logos and trademarks used in connection with RSS feeds. If you provide attribution using a graphic, you must use the appropriate SWP logo incorporated into the RSS content or feed.
SWP reserves the right to cease offering any or all of the RSS feeds at any time or to require you to cease distributing any or all of the feeds at any time for any reason. SWP assumes no liability for your activities in connection with the RSS feeds or for your use of the feeds in connection with your website.
Unsolicited Submissions
SWP does not knowingly accept unsolicited submissions including, without limitation, submissions of scripts, story lines, articles, fan fiction, characters, drawings, information, suggestions, ideas or concepts. SWP's policy is to simply delete any such submission without reading it or forwarding it to other SWP staff. Therefore, any similarity between an unsolicited submission and any elements in any SWP creative work including, without limitation, a film, series, story, title or concept would be purely coincidental.
If unsolicited submissions are sent to SWP via this Site, however, these submissions become the property of SWP and may be used, copied, sublicensed, adapted, transmitted, distributed, publicly performed, published, displayed or deleted as SWP sees fit. You agree that you are not entitled to any compensation, credit or notice whatsoever and that by sending an unsolicited submission you waive the right to make any claim against SWP, its parents or affiliates relating to unsolicited submissions, including, without limitation, unfair competition, breach of implied contract, or breach of confidentiality.
Linked Sites and Advertising
If SWP has provided links or pointers to other web sites, no inference or assumption should be made and no representation should be implied that SWP is connected with, operates or controls these web sites.
SWP is not responsible for the content or practices of third party web sites that may be linked to this Site. This Site may also be linked to other web sites operated by companies affiliated or connected with SWP. When visiting other web sites, however, you should refer to each such web site's individual "Terms of Use" and not rely on this Agreement.
SWP takes no responsibility for third party advertisements which are posted on this Site, nor does it take any responsibility for the goods or services provided by its advertisers.
As an Amazon Associate this site may earn money from qualifying purchases associated with clicks on this site.
Disclaimer of Liability and Warranties
While SWP does its best to ensure the optimal performance of the Site, you agree that you use this Site and rely on material contained in this Site at your own risk.
The Site, and all materials in this Site, are provided "as is" and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, are provided without warranties of any kind either express or implied. This means, without limitation, that SWP DOES NOT WARRANT that the Site is fit for any particular purpose; that the functions contained in the materials in the Site will be uninterrupted; that defects will be corrected; that the Site is free of viruses and other harmful components or that the Site is accurate, error free or reliable.
You acknowledge that SWP and third party content providers, their parents and affiliates together with their respective employees, agents, directors, officers and shareholders, ARE NOT LIABLE for any delays, inaccuracies, failures, errors, omissions, interruptions, deletions, defects, viruses, communication line failures or for the theft, destruction, damage or unauthorized access to your computer system or network.
You acknowledge that SWP is not liable for any defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct or material found in connection with this Site, including such conduct or material transmitted by any means by any other person.
You acknowledge that SWP and third party content providers are not liable for any damages, including, without limitation, direct, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, in connection with or arising from your use or from your inability to use the Site.
With respect to any Content provided by users or other submissions, SWP is merely a distributor of such Content. SWP is not responsible for any Content submitted by users or other third parties, including their opinions, judgments, advice, statements, services or other information provided. SWP shall not be liable for any loss or damage caused by any reliance upon such information obtained through the Website. It is your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any Content.
Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless SWP, its parents and affiliates together with their respective employees, agents, directors, officers and shareholders, from and against all the liabilities, claims, damages and expenses (including reasonable attorney's fees and costs) arising out of your use of this Site; your failure to use the Site; your breach or alleged breach of this Agreement or your breach or alleged breach of the copyright, trademark, proprietary or other rights of third parties.
Termination
SWP reserves the right to immediately terminate your use of, or access to, this Site at any time if SWP decides at its sole discretion that you have breached this Agreement or any relevant law, rule or regulation or you have engaged in conduct that SWP considers to be inappropriate or unacceptable.
Other
This Agreement operates to the fullest extent permissible by law. If any provision of this Agreement is unlawful, void or unenforceable, that provision is deemed severable from this Agreement and does not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
Trademarks
The Hardy Boys, The Hardy Boys Casefiles,
Hardy Boys Undercover Brothers, The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories,
A Nancy Drew and Hardy Boys SuperMystery, A Hardy Boys and Tom Swift Ultra Thriller, Hardy Boys Super Mystery and all related logos are trademarks of Simon & Schuster Inc.; and all other trademarks, service marks and trade names used on the Site are the property of their respective owners. No copyright infringement is intended.
©1998-2020 SkyWarp Productions. Privacy Policy. Terms of Use.