https://www.savortheband.com/terms-of-use/
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Savor the Band relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.The term ‘ Savor the Band ’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is 11956 Bernardo Plaza Dr., #149, San Diego, CA 92128 . The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.The use of this website is subject to the
following terms of use:The content of the pages of this
website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change
without notice.This website uses cookies to monitor browsing preferences. If you do allow cookies to be used, the following personal information may be stored by us for use by third parties, see our Privacy Policy for details  Link to clients privacy policy.Neither we nor any third parties
provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance,
completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered
on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such
information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly
exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent
permitted by law.Your use of any information or
materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not
be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products,
services or information available through this website meet your specific
requirements.This website contains material
which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited
to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is
prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part
of these terms and conditions.All trademarks reproduced in this
website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are
acknowledged on the website.Unauthorised use of this website
may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.From time to time this website may
also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your
convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse
the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked
website(s).Your use of this website and any
dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of The
United States.ChangesWe reserve the right, at our sole discretion,
to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will
try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect.
What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion."Savor is the #1 Santana Tribute band on the planet!"— Richard GutierrezTamale FestivalIndio, California