https://www.believe.love/privacy/
Privacy Policy
Believe Privacy Statement
At Believe, we are creating our reality by focusing on a variety of possible solutions in a positive, humorous and satirical manner.
Believe takes individual privacy very seriously. We are also aware of the threats to your security and privacy on the Internet. Please take a few moments to review the steps that Believe takes to ensure your privacy and security while giving you the best possible customer service as you use our web sites.
Ordering Online
Any data you submit to us through an online order form is transferred to us via a Secure Sockets Layer—an encryption protocol—and is kept in databases that cannot be accessed from outside our firewall.
In other words, any data you send us is encrypted, so in the unlikely event a hacker intercepts your data, it cannot be easily read. Our firewall is a mechanism that prevents access to our servers by anyone outside of the company.
We may use your name and address to send you information on other Believe products that may suit your interests. Other companies may do the same. And, although we disagree with it, we must turn over any pertinent information to any law enforcement agency that takes the proper steps to require it. We may run advertising on our site that involves the use of cookies to monitor its success.
If at any time you wish to be removed from our mailing list, please contact our customer service department by clicking here or by using the unsubscribe link included in every email we send out.
E-mail
If you subscribe to Believe, your name and e-mail address will be placed in a database. We may rent or sell your email address. For security reasons, if your inquiry is about one of your subscriptions, we may ask you to submit some additional information only to verify your identity. Remember, in this case we are only asking you to confirm information you have already given us.
Third-Party Advertising
These third-party websites and advertisers, or Internet advertising companies working on their behalf, sometimes use technology to send (or “serve”) the advertisements that appear on our website directly to your browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. They may also use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (also known as action tags or single-pixel gifs), and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content. We do not have access to or control over cookies or other features that they may use, and the information practices of these advertisers and third-party websites are not covered by this Privacy Notice. Please contact them directly for more information about their privacy practices. In addition, the Network Advertising Initiative offers useful information about Internet advertising companies (also called “ad networks” or “network advertisers”), including information about how to opt-out of their information collection.
If you have any questions or comments you can reach us via our Contact Page.
Trending on Believe
Transhumanism – How to “Opt Out” w/ Filmmaker Matthew August Leddy
Creating Reality & Moving Beyond “Order out of Chaos” (Masons /...
Freedom Beyond 2020: World Citizens, Doctors & Michiganders Against Excessive...
Coronavirus Party Alert: World Leaders Agree to Flu Parties Yearly, Shut Down World
How to Become a Leader & Overcome Adversity in Business with Ryan Hawk
Legendary Billionaire Jim Rogers on Gathering Knowledge When Universities & News...