http://www.karajanx.com/privacy-policy/
Beauty
Family
Fashion
Health
House & Garden
Lifestyle
Shopping
Tech
Work
Search
Friday, December 11, 2020
Homepage
About Karajanx
Privacy Policy
Advertise
Contact
Karajanx.com
Beauty
Family
Fashion
Health
House & Garden
Lifestyle
Shopping
Tech
Work
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Karajanx Incorporated (“Karajanx”) respects individual privacy and values the confidence of its customers, shareholders, employees, vendors, users and business partners. Not only does Karajanx strive to collect, use, and disclose personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) in a manner consistent with the laws of the United States and California, but it also has a tradition of upholding the highest ethical standards in its business practices. Our goal is to ensure that your privacy is respected.
This Privacy Policy sets forth the privacy principles that Karajanx follows with respect to collection, usage and transfer of Personal Information. By using this Karajanx.com website (“Site”), you hereby warrant and represent that you have read, understood, and agreed to all terms and conditions stated herein. By using this Site, you also represent and warrant that you have read, understood, and agreed to the terms and conditions stated in the Terms of Use which is incorporated herein by reference.
definitions
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, the following definitions shall apply:
“Karajanx” means Karajanx Incorporated, its predecessors, successors, subsidiaries, divisions and groups.
“Personal Information” means any set of information that identifies or could be used to identify an individual. Personal Information does not include information that is encoded or publicly available information not combined with private Personal Information.
“User” means any user of the Karajanx.com website.
our service
Karajanx lovingly creates each batch is made by hand every day, using only the finest ingredients. The Site offers you a way to order our online.
Please be aware that all confidential credit card information required by the Site is processed by Revel Systems.
notice
Karajanx may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Website. Your IP address may also used to gather broad demographic information.
cookies
Karajanx Site uses cookies. A cookie is a small data file written to a user’s hard drive when a website is accessed. Cookies are used for authenticating, session tracking, and maintaining specific information about users, such as site preferences. A cookie cannot read or access other cookies or any data from a user’s hard drive. Karajanx uses cookies for purposes such as those set forth below. Our Site’s ordering mechanism requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email and possibly some financial information). We may use user contact information from the order mechanism to send the user information about our company and promotional materials or newsletters. Users may opt out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/ opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services.
aggregate data
Karajanx may share reports with third parties based on aggregated data of its users (“Aggregated User Data”). Aggregated User Data does not include any Personal Information about users and is aggregated for the purposes of determining successful application benchmarks and other similar activities.
special circumstances
Karajanx may disclose Personal Information when it has reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who is violating the Site’s Terms of Use or may be causing injury to or interference with other users or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities.
Karajanx has put reasonable security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of information under its control. We periodically review and improve our security and privacy policies as necessary. Only pre-authorized individuals have access to Karajanx servers and information provided by its users.
access
Please note that no data transmission over the Internet is infallible. Any information transmitted through the internet is done at the user’s own risk. Once Karajanx receives the information, it will take every reasonable precaution to ensure its security.
enforcement
Karajanx will periodically conduct compliance audits of its relevant privacy practices to verify adherence to this Privacy Policy and the Digital Millenium Copyright Act’s Safe Harbor Principles.
web site links
This Site contains links to other websites. Karajanx is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these websites. We collect financial information (such as credit card numbers) on this Website in order to bill users and customers for products and services. Karajanx.com and Karajanx expressly disclaims any liability that may arise from the provision of any user of any information whatsoever to this Site. You, the user, do hereby agree to hold the Site and Karajanx harmless from any liability that may arise from the provision of any information to this Site. By using this Site, you also represent and warrant that you have read, understood and agreed to the terms stated in the Terms of Use which is incorporated herein by reference.
use of user information
Karajanx may send you newsletters, marketing materials and other information that we think might interest you through the email address you provide. Karajanx may analyze the information provided directly by you or obtained through cookies or third parties to direct services and content based on your interest. The Site may also collect market research data in order to help generate sales. If you would like to opt out of any mailings, please send an email.
When you submit information to Karajanx.com, it is generally collected, processed and maintained solely by us. However, we may share certain information about you with those of our vendors who are responsible for handling the online order mechanism or performing other necessary services that you require. Although we may share sensitive information (i.e. credit card numbers, banking information, security information, and personal communication) with such vendors where necessary and appropriate, we will not share such information with other third parties, except in response to formal requests (e.g. subpoena or court order) made in connection with litigation or arbitration proceedings.
Karajanx.com reserves the right to transfer, sell and/or distribute all information collected on its Website for any purpose, including but not limited to, for satisfaction of any debt or upon liquidation of the company should such a situation arise.
notification of changes
As this Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time, please check back periodically to review any changes. The last modified date will be provided at the bottom of the page.
CHECK ALSO
Shopping
Wooden photo boxes – Unique handicrafts for special memories
karajanx -
9 November 2020 0
Photos and films that are a reminder of important moments in life deserve an appropriate setting. Wooden boxes, made by craftsmen who make up...
Why is auto insurance so expensive?
15 July 2020
Can gastric sleeve cause cancer?
14 July 2020
Are VA loans fixed rates?
13 July 2020
How do I refinance my student loans?
12 July 2020
POPULAR POSTS
How To Find Summer Store Deals Using Google
3 November 2018
Can someone cosign on a home loan?
10 July 2020
Can you French kiss with braces?
11 July 2020
POPULAR CATEGORYBeauty10Shopping3House & Garden1Tech1Work1Family0Fashion0Health0Lifestyle0
© karajanx.com