http://www.youraccompanist.com/home/your-accompanist-privacy-policy
| my basket
Blog | Scales & Warmups | Resources for Singers | Support | Contact | My account
HomeComposerGenreWorkLearning PacksCollectionsLatestCatalogue Home
What would you like to sing today?
First time here?
Your Accompanist Privacy Policy
This
privacy policy sets out how Your Accompanist uses and protects any information
that you give Your Accompanist when you use this website.
Your
Accompanist is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable
physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the
information we collect online. Should we ask you to provide certain
information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be
assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Your
Accompanist may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You
should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any
changes. This policy is effective from 18th April 2007 What we collect
We ask you to provide your name and contact email for the
core business purposes of:
sending
you the  necessary download
information for your purchases and providing you with a back-up link for them  by email preparing  accounts and keeping  records for Your Accompanist occasionally advertising, and
marketing  Your Accompanist’s own
business
Controlling your personal information
You can review and revise the
information that is held by logging into your account and updating your details
at any time.
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your
personal information at any time by emailing us at
This e-mail address is being protected from spam bots, you need JavaScript enabled to view it
.
You can unsubscribe from our newsletter mailing list at
any time by emailing us at
This e-mail address is being protected from spam bots, you need JavaScript enabled to view it
Your Accompanist never passes
customers’ names or email addresses on to third parties.
No customer credit card or bank
information is held by Your Accompanist. We use PayPal’s secure system to
accept payments on our behalf.
We only ask for other address information in case you ask us to send material or
products to you.
We regularly review emails to make sure
they are current and discard those for which we receive failure messages.
We reserve the right to block users
from using the site who fail to provide viable email information or attempt to abuse
our services in any way. Links to other websites Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once
you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not
have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible
for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst
visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.
You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the
website in question. How we use cookies A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your
computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular
site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual.
We use traffic log cookies to identify
which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in
order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for
statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
A cookie does not give us access to your
computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share
with us.
You can choose to
accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but
you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.
This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
You can contact us about this privacy policy by emailing:
This e-mail address is being protected from spam bots, you need JavaScript enabled to view it
or writing to us
at:
Your Accompanist The Chapel, Main
Street Howsham Market Rasen Lincolnshire LN7 6LD United Kingdom
Home | Staff picks
|
Composer
|
Genre
|
Work
|
Period
|
Century
|
Country
|
Season
|
Collections
|
Song
Learning Packs
|
CDs
|
Licences
|
Your
tracks on CD  | Back
to top
Contact us |
FAQs |
Privacy |
Testimonials |
Links |
Free Downloads |
Mailing list
©2020 YourAccompanist.com
geolocation - multi currency