http://www.oregonartscommission.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Home>About>Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Oregon Arts Commission is committed to protecting users’ privacy; this notice addresses the collection and use of information on the site.
Links to Other Sites—Disclaimer
The Oregon Arts Commission website contains links to other external sites. When you use one of these links, you are no longer on our site and this Privacy Notice will not apply.
The Oregon Arts Commission cannot guarantee the accuracy or reliability of any information published on external sites and cannot be held liable for any losses caused by reliance on external sites’ information. The Oregon Arts Commission does not endorse the content or viewpoints provided by these sites unless otherwise noted.
Information Collected When You Browse This Site
The Oregon Arts Commission may collect and store the following information if users search our web pages or download information:
The Internet Protocol (IP) address and domain name used
The type of browser and operating system used
The date and time of the site visit
The web pages or services accessed at the site
The domain name of the website visited prior to this website.
This information is analyzed to inform and improve the services we provide.
For security purposes and to ensure that our services remains available to all users, this site may monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
Security
The Oregon Arts Commission is committed to the security of information collected through our sites. Many precautions have been taken to protect personally identifiable information from loss, misuse, or alteration. Any authorized third parties responsible for this information are committed to the same principles and are required to follow guidelines for security assurance.
Although protections are in place, the Oregon Arts Commission cannot promise protection against hardware failure, unauthorized intrusion, or technical problems.
E-mail
If you send an email or fill out an online form with a question or comment that contains personal information at oregonartscommission.org, our site will only access the personal information necessary to respond to your request.
The information collected is subject to the access and confidentiality provisions of Oregon law.
Requesting Personal Information
You have the right to review information collected about you by this site. Please contact the agency that provides the service requested.
Cookies
If cookies are used on the Oregon Arts Commission website their use will be clearly marked. While many browsers provide the option of controlling the use of cookies, turning cookies off may inhibit the use of some website features.
Questions about this policy
This privacy policy may be changed at any time. If you have any questions about this policy, please contact us.
Using our site
Accessibility policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Oregon Arts Commission
Phone (503) 986-0082 (phone)
(503) 581-5115 (fax)
Address 775 Summer Street NE, Ste 200
Salem, OR 97301-1280
Email oregon.artscomm@oregon.gov
Oregon Cultural Trust
Business Oregon
Art Works
Follow Us On Facebook
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR eNEWS
Contact Us