http://www.youththeatre.ie/about/privacy
Home
Programmes
Training
Resources
Discover Youth Theatre
About
Join Youth Theatre Ireland
News
Support Us
Member Login
Twitter
Facebook
RSS
About
What We Do
How to get Involved
Youth Theatre Ireland Team
Welfare & Child Protection
Data Protection and Privacy Statement
About
What We Do
How to get Involved
Youth Theatre Ireland Team
Welfare & Child Protection
Data Protection and Privacy Statement
Data Protection and Privacy Statement
General Privacy Statement
Youth Theatre Ireland is committed to complying with the EU GDPR regulation. We will use personal data only where consent to do so is affirmative, freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous. At the point of requesting personal or sensitive information from individuals we will provide specific information on how the data will be used and retained.
Your rights:
Youth Theatre Ireland is committed to upholding your rights as provided for by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) including:
The right to be informed about how we will use your personal data.
The right of access to a copy of the personal data we hold and information on how we process it.
The right to have incorrect or incomplete personal data corrected.
The ‘right to be forgotten’ and have personal data deleted if you so request.
The right to restrict how we process your personal data.
The right to object to the processing of your personal data.
If you have any any data protection related queries, please contact Michelle Carew on 01-8781301 or by email michelle@youththeatre.ie
Website Privacy Policy
Youth Theatre Ireland recognises the right to privacy of all users of this website.  This Privacy Policy demonstrates our firm commitment to your privacy and the protection of your information. As a youth-centred and youth-focused organisation, we are particularly cognisant of the need to protect young users of this site. We have developed an Acceptable Usage Policy which all users must comply with.
If you are unhappy with any apsect of this website or have any queries regarding this policy, email  info@youththeatre.ie
We have adopted a set of information management guidelines to safeguard the privacy of users. We are aware that internet technologies are contstantly evolving and we will make every effort to ensure this policy is reflective of the latest developments.
What We Do
Any user information we collect is with the specific goal of providing you with the best possible user experience. Being familiar with user preferances is an essential element of providing a satisfactory experience for visitors to this site.
If you visit our site to browse, read or download, we automatically collect and store the following information about you:
The IP address from which you access our website (an IP address is the number automatically assigned to your computer when you are online)
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site
The date and time of your access to our site
The pages you visit; and the internet address of the website from which you accessed our site
We use this information for the following purposes:
To make our site as user-friendly as possible
To gather statistics on the relative interest in different sections of the site
What We Don’t Do
We do not, under any circumstances:
Link IP addresses to anything that would identify you personally
Share the information we track on this site, in any form, with any third party including advertisers
Release personal information about any user
If you provide us with personal information in an e-mail message to one of the addresses listed on our site or by filling out a form with your personal information, we will only use that information to respond to your message and to help us provide you with the material you have requested.
Youth Theatre Ireland's e-newsletter is sent only to members and those who have requested it.
This website contains links to other websites that we think may be of interest to our users. We have no contol over the privacy policies or content of these websites.
Cookies
This type of non-personal user information and data refereed to above can be collected through the standard operation of our internet servers and logs as well as "cookies". A cookie is a small text file containing a unique identification number that is transferred from a website to the hard drive of your computer so that the website you are using may identify you and track your activities on that particular website. If you interact with certain parts of the this website the site will send a cookie to your hard drive. The cookie only recognises your computer and does not know or store any personal information about you. You may choose not to enable your cookies in your browser if your browser permits, although you may need to enable the cookies to use the site properly. Cookies enable usage behaviour to be tracked and aggregate data to be compiled that would facilitate more focused and improved content. It helps us to know which parts of the website are most popular, and generally to assess how users are interacting with the site.
Acceptable Usage Policy
Youth Theatre Ireland asks that all users of the site comply with our Acceptable Usage Policy.
Users should not:
Use the site to bully, harass or target any other user
Add content or create a link to content that could be interpreted as offensive or inappropriate
Use inappropriate language
Use any content including images from the site without receiving prior permission from Youth Theatre Ireland
Misuse or take out of context any content on the site including images or video footage
Banner Photo: Ros Kavanagh
Keep up to Date
Sign up for the Youth Theatre Ireland Newsletter
Submit
@YouthTheatreIrl
Our Playshare Dept. (Alan!) will be closed from this Friday for Christmas Break.
If you are looking to read some… twitter.com/i/web/status/1…
09 December