http://www.phoenixorchestra.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | London Phoenix Orchestra
Skip to main content area
London Phoenix Orchestra
Home
Concerts
Support
People
Members
History
Downloads
Contact
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998).
We will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent. The personal information which we hold will be held securely in accordance with our internal security policy and the law.
We will give you the chance to refuse any marketing correspondence via writing or e-mail from us in the future.
The type of information we will collect about you includes:
your name
address
phone number
email address
credit/debit card details
If you have chosen to receive information from us either by writing or email we will use your personal details to keep you informed about events, news and offers that we think will be of interest to you. We may also use the information to process any transactions you undertake with us and for internal administration and analysis.
We do not disclose your information to third parties. We do not sell, rent or trade your personal information to third parties.
The information we hold will be accurate and up to date. You can check the information that we hold about you by emailing us at nigel.dant@momentum-net.com.
If you find any inaccuracies we will delete or correct it promptly.
We may use technology to track the patterns of behaviour of visitors to our site. This can include using a "cookie" which would be stored on your browser. You can usually modify your browser to prevent this happening. The information collected in this way can be used to identify you unless you modify your browser settings.
By disclosing your personal information to us using this website, over the telephone or in person, you consent to the collection, storage and processing of your personal information by London Phoenix Orchestra in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy.
© 2012 London Phoenix Orchestra. Site by GetStudio
Footer Links
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Site map