http://www.timelesshemingway.com/privacy/index.html
Articles
Books
Collect
FAQ
Photos
Videos
Quotes
Blog
Links
Privacy Policy
Timeless Hemingway values your privacy and make this policy easily available throughout our site to assist you in understanding the handling of information in the course of using this site.
Log Files and Cookies
This web site utilizes industry standard analytics packages, which gathers limited information on visitors to our site automatically, and stores this anonymous information in server log files. This information
may include IP addresses, browser type, basic IP information, referring pages, operating system used and date/time stamps. This information does not identify individual users; it is used only for site administration,
as well as for analysis of web site usage and trends.
Additionally, cookies may be used to provide easier and faster access to web site features such as logins and/or repeat visits. Cookies are very small text files that are stored on personal computers for
reference purposes. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you have submitted while on our site.
We have no access to or administration abilities over any cookies that are used by any advertisers on our site.
Links to Other Web sites
This web site may contain links to other sites that are not controlled in any way by us. Please be aware of this when you click on any such links; we are not responsible for the privacy practices and/or policies of any
web site other than our own. Consequently, we strongly suggest that you review the privacy policy of every web site you visit, whether or not they are linked to by our own site.
Registration and Use of Personal Information
Registration is not required in order to use or access this web site. However, this site may make wikis, blogs, or similar available to its users. You may be required to register for these features, particularly if you wish
to leave comments or provide articles.
If you do register, and in the process provide us with personally identifiable information, rest assured that any such information you provide will not be shared with any third-party organization.
Please note that if you post comments or articles to any wiki or blog on this site, any personally identifiable information you provide in those comments or articles may be read, collated and used by anyone viewing them.
As such, we are not responsible for personally identifiable information you may choose to make available through these channels.
If you provide us with your e-mail address and/or name for the purposes of receiving communications from us, this information will not be shared with any third-party organization.
Security
We follow accepted industry standards to protect any personal information you have provided to us. However, please be aware that no method of electronic storage can ever be 100% secure. Therefore, as is the case with any
organization — we are not in a position to guarantee the absolute security of your information.
Legal Disclaimer
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order or legal process served on our web site.
Do Not Track
If you have selected the "Tell websites I do not want to be tracked" privacy option in your browser, we will honor that preference and not track your visit to Timeless Hemingway.
Contact Details
If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy, contact Timeless Hemingway.
This privacy policy was last updated on May 1, 2013.
Ernest Hemingway in photos:Early years to later years
For the true aficionado:How well do you Hemingway?
Judge a book by its cover:Identifying first editions
The Ernest Hemingway Primer:A guide to the life and works
About|
Press|
Privacy|
Legal|
Contact
Copyright © 1998-2013 Timeless Hemingway. All rights reserved.