http://www.eternaltools.com/privacy-policy
COVID-19 UPDATE: We are still open and delivering to you
Menu
Home
Your Basket
Account
Wishlist
FREE UK Delivery Over £60
Account
Wishlist
$0.00
Checkout
Search
Go
SHOP BY CATEGORY
All Products
Products (A - D)
Abrasive Stones
Burrs
Burr Holders
Burnishers
Broaches
Carbide Centre Tool
Carbide Gravers
Cutting Wheels
Diamond Grinding Wheels
Drill Bits & Core Drills
Dremel & Accessories
Dressing And Truing Tools
Dust Blowers
Products (E - M)
End Mills, Slot Drills & Routers
Eyeglasses & Loupes
Files
Finger Protection
Glass Essence Jar
G-S Hypo Cement Adhesive
Hammers & Mallets
Hand Fitting Tools
Led Lamps & Lighting
Mandrels, Arbors & Adaptors
Magnifiers: Optivisor
Bench Mats
Measuring Devices
Products (M - S)
Micro Motor
Movement Holders
Oils & Greases
Parts Containers, Storage
Pith & Pegwood
Pliers & Cutters
Polishing & Abrasive Tools
Polywatch Scratch Remover
Rodico
Saw Blades & Saw Frames
Scribers
Sharpening Tools
Products (T - W)
Sign Writing Engraving Bits
Taps
Tool Making Carbide Rod
Torches & Soldering
Toyo Glass Cutter
Tweezers
Vices & Pin Vices
Watch Case Tools
Watch Screwdrivers
Watch Spring Bar Tools
Watchmakers Bench
Drill
Drills For Glass
Drill Bits For Sea Glass
Drill Bits For Glass Beads
Drill Bits For Glass Art
Drill Bits For Glass Bottles
Drills For Stone
Drill Bits For Gemstones
Drill Bits For Pebbles
Drill Bits For Marble
Drills For Ceramic & Tile
Drill Bits For Bathroom Tiles
Drill Bits For Glazed Pottery
Drills For Metals
Drill Bits For Soft Metals
Drill Bits For Hard Metals
Carve
Carving Into Glass
Glass Engraving Burrs
Carving Into Stone
Pebble Carving Burrs
Stone Carving Burrs
Carving Into Wood
Wood Carving Burrs
Carving Into Metal
Engineering Burrs
Engraving Metals
Milling Cutters
Polish
Polishing Glass
Diamond Paste
Eve Diapol Diamond Polishers
Diamond Hand Pads
Diamond Cloth
Cerium Oxide
Polishing Stone
Diamond Resin Hand Pads
Diamond Paste
Felt Bobs, Points & Wheels
Eve Diapol Diamond Polishers
Polishing Metals
Texturing & Cleaning
Hand Polishers
Rotary Tool Polishers
Compound, Rouge, Tripoli
Removing Scratches
Polywatch Scratch Remover
Diamond Paste
Dialux Compounds
Eve Diapol Diamond Polishers
Interest
Clock & Watch
Watch Tools
Clock Tools
Models & Enginnering
Model Engineering
Model Making
Jewellery Making
Jewellery Making Tools
Lapidary Tools
Glass, Stone, Ceramic, Wood Art
Glass Engraving Tools
Glass Art Tools
Stone Carving Tools
Wood Carving Tools
SALE
Customer Menu
About Us
FAQs
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Delivery Information
Refunds & Returns
Privacy Policy
Your privacy and the protection of your personal information is important to us. This Privacy Policy is for Eternal Tools and this website (https://www.eternaltools.com)Please read this privacy statement which explains how we use, store and protect your data and personal information.Data Protection law will change on 25 May 2018. This policy sets out most of your rights under the new laws. We may update this policy again between now and 25 May 2018 when changes come into effect. From this date onwards we may change this policy from time to time by updating this page and so you should check it regularly to ensure that you are happy with any changes.1. Data we collect about youThe personal information you provide us (your name, company name, email address, address and telephone number and any postal addresses that you provide) will be used to contact you to talk to you about the Eternal Tool services you request.We collect this information when you fill in forms on our website or at events, or when you communicate with us by post, phone or email including when you order our services, request information to be sent to you or subscribe to our newsletter.We may need to collect additional information to provide the services you have requested from us and to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts between you and us. This may mean sending your details to third party service and product providers so that we can carry out the services you have requested from us. Our legal basis for collecting this information and sharing it in this way is to enter into a contract with you.2. How we handle your data and use your information for marketing purposesWe would like to send you news about the industry and about our products and services which may be of interest to you. This may be by post, telephone, email and text message. We will not use your personal information for these purposes, unless you have given your consent by checking the appropriate boxes on the forms we use to collect your personal information.If you have consented to receive marketing information but later change your mind, you have a right to opt out any time. On our newsletter emails, this can be done through the ‘Unsubscribe’ link that will always be at the bottom of any of our email communications.If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes by post, telephone or text message, please contact us in writing at Eternal Tools, Union Square, Wootton, Woodstock, Oxon. OX20 1DUOur email newsletters may contain tracking facilities within the email. Your activity may be tracked and stored in a secure database for future analysis and evaluation. Such tracked activity may include; the opening of emails, the clicking of links within the email, dates and frequency of activity. Our legal basis for processing this data in this way is for our legitimate business interests as this information is used to refine future email campaigns and supply you with more relevant content based around their activity.3. How long we keep your informationWe will not retain your personal information for longer than is necessary to provide our services and we will remove it from our system once our services are complete. An exception will be if we are required to do so for legal or regulatory requirements.If you consent to marketing, your information we use for marketing purposes will be kept on our systems until you notify us that you no longer wish to receive this information and unsubscribe.4. How we store and transfer your informationAll the personal information we collect is processed by our staff in the UK. For the purposes of IT hosting, maintenance and marketing this information is located on servers within the European Union and may be transferred to and stored outside the European Economic Area. By submitting your data, you agree to this transfer, storing and processing.We are committed to ensuring that your information is kept secure. We maintain strict security standards and procedures to prevent unauthorised access to your data. We have put in place a variety of physical, electronic and managerial procedures to protect the security of your data. Our staff and third-party suppliers adhere to our privacy standards and we regularly check them for compliance.5. Who we share your information withWe will not share or sell your information for marketing purposes with other companies.We may need to share your information to third party service and product providers so that we can provide the services you have requested from us and to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts between you and us.We may also share your name and email information with third-party suppliers who provide us with support services and may process your data on our behalf. We have written contracts in place with all such entities which require them to process your data only in accordance with our instructions.We may disclose your personal information to other third parties in the following situations:if Eternal Tools is sold to a third party, in which case personal data held by us about you will be one of the transferred assets.if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data to comply with any legal obligation.
By submitting your data, you agree to this transfer and processing of your data.Feefo reviews: We have asked Feefo to work on our behalf to ask for Feedback requests and as such is a Data Processor. Your data will not be used by Feefo in any other way than to ask for feedback and you have the right to refuse to give feedback but this will help us improve our service6. Your rights and how you can access or change your informationYou have rights to request a copy or request correction and/or deletion of your personal information.If you would like to access your personal data held by us or want to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate, please write to us at Eternal Tools, Union Square, Wootton, Woodstock, Oxon. OX20 1DUWe will process your request no later than 20 days after your request.7. Our website and your informationCookie policy: This website uses cookies. A cookie is a tiny file containing small amounts of information which is downloaded to your computer or device when you visit a website. Cookies do many different things, such as remembering your preferences and help us to improving your online experience. By using our website you consent to our use of cookies. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of our website.External links: Our website contains links to and from other third-party websites or social media sites. We cannot be held responsible for the security of these sites and we advise users to read the privacy policies of other websites before registering any personal data.Enquiry form data: The online enquiry form requires a user to enter personal information to allow us to contact you about the services you request. This information is stored in a secure database and not in a cookie. It is not readable by other websites. The transmission of information via the internet is never 100% secure. We will do our best to protect your personal information, but we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted from our website via our forms. Any transmission is done at your own risk.8. Changes to our privacy policyWe keep our privacy policy under regular review to make sure that we continue to maintain your privacy and keep your information safe. We reserve the right to update this policy and any changes will be posted on this web page. We may email you directly with any changes if we think it is necessary.This privacy policy was last updated on 16 May 2018.9. How to contact usIf you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you, please write to us at Eternal Tools, Union Square, Wootton, Woodstock, Oxon. OX20 1DUor email us through our Contact FormOur data protection officer is Lucy Brookes, Operations DirectorIf you are not happy with how we collect and use your data, we would be grateful if you contact us first so that we can try to resolve it for you. If you aren’t satisfied with our response you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (www.ico.org.uk).
Receive our Newsletter and exclusive discounts
Sign Up
Eternal Tools © 2014. All Rights Reserved.
Ecommerce Website Design by ShopWired