http://www.imagineeringart.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Imagineeringart.com Inc.
Skip to content
Menu  BlogFeatured Projects
“The Weightlifter” Learning ModuleInteractive Media ObjectsMoore Clinically Oriented Anatomy, 7eHow Life Works
ServicesPortfolio
Media type3D
Interactive
Interactive Media Objects
Video
SubjectAnatomy
Art Development
Biology
Botany
Cartoon Style
Chemistry
Cover Art
Dental
Earth Sciences
Ecology
Editorial
Emergency Medicine
Genetics
Human Figure
Injuries and Diseases
Nursing
Nutrition
Physics
Surgery
Technical
Why ImagineeringartClientsBooklistContact
Tweets@WCShowdown @CalgaryRoyals Super job, Evan 03:02:11 PM December 16, 2019 from Twitter for iPhone in reply to WCShowdownDon't forget the DVD 07:12:48 PM July 24, 2019 from Twitter SMSWell spoken, Seth ... You can't ask customers what they want https://t.co/XlOqIpJBsr 12:31:25 PM June 21, 2016 from Twitter Web ClientAmerican Capitalism’s great crisis https://t.co/GPA6rz71Oe via @TIMEIdeas 07:24:23 PM May 13, 2016 from Twitter for iPhone@imagineeringart
Privacy Policy
Privacy
imagineeringart.com respects your privacy.
Any personal information you provide to us including and similar to your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address will not be released, sold, or rented to any entities or individuals outside of imagineeringart.com.
Credit card details
imagineeringart.com will never ask for Credit Card details and request that you do not enter it on any of the forms on imagineeringart.com.
External Sites.
imagineeringart.com is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. You are advised to read the privacy policy of external sites before disclosing any personal information.
Cookies
A “cookie” is a small data text file that is placed in your browser and allows imagineeringart.com to recognize you each time you visit this site(customisation etc). Cookies themselves do not contain any personal information, and imagineeringart.com does not use cookies to collect personal information. Cookies may also be used by 3rd party content providers such as newsfeeds.
Remember The Risks Whenever You Use The Internet
While we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to imagineeringart.com and you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any passwords or other account information. In addition other Internet sites or services that may be accessible through imagineeringart.com have separate data and privacy practices independent of us, and therefore we disclaim any responsibility or liability for their policies or actions.
Please contact those vendors and others directly if you have any questions about their privacy policies.
For any other information email webmaster
What we are thinking about today!
Let's talk MathMLAn interesting...Accessibility — A Year In ReviewIt has been a wonderful experience working with...Accessibility ServicesImagineeringart.com Inc., offers services in...Two Challenges of Molecular Visualization1. Designing for learning multiple molecular...
About
Why Imagineeringart
Careers
Contact
Media
Press Release
Extras
Clients
Booklist
Legal
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
© 2020 Imagineeringart.com, Inc. All rights reserved.