http://www.phillypops.com/tickets-subscriptions/privacy-and-security-policies
The health and safety of our patrons are of paramount importance to us. Learn about our plans to move forward with upcoming performances through the fall and winter of 2020. Read More
Share
Copy URL Below
https://www.phillypops.org/tickets-subscriptions/privacy-and-security-policies
Tickets & Subscriptions
Subscriber Benefits
Group Sales
Overnight Packages
Privacy and Security Policies
Privacy and Security Policies
Privacy Policy   This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for The Philly POPS. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.What choices are available to you regarding the use of your dataThe security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your informationHow you can correct any inaccuracies in the informationInformation Collection, Use, and SharingWe request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you.We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to collect information that you voluntarily give us via email, during checkout or other direct contact from you. We will not sell this information to anyone.We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us.Your Access to and Control Over InformationYou can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:See what data we have about you, if any.Change/correct any data we have about you.Have us delete any data we have about you.Express any concern you have about our use of your dataSecurityWe take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as name, address and email address), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. When you enter highly sensitive data ( your credit card information ) we process the transaction in real time and do NOT store your details. You can verify that sensitive information is being protected by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Order information ( excluding payment details ) is the only data stored offline, and this is for backup purposes only. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Tickets & Subscriptions
Subscriber Benefits
Group Sales
Overnight Packages
Privacy and Security Policies
Concerts & Events
I'll Be Home For Christmas: A Salute To The Military And First Responders 2020
11 December 2020
A Philly POPS Christmas: Spectacular Sounds of the Season!
Dec 18, 2020-Jan 1, 2021
Modern Broadway: The Music of Andrew Lloyd Webber, Kander & Ebb and More!
Jan 22-24, 2021
Ella, Billie, Dinah & All That Jazz
Feb 19-21, 2021
2021 All-City Jazz Festival
05 March 2021
POPS Rocks Paul Simon, James Taylor & Billy Joel with Michael Cavanaugh
Mar 19-21, 2021
Showstoppers! Hello, Dolly!, La Cage & Mame
Apr 16-18, 2021
NEW DATE! Eighth Annual POPS Ball
22 April 2021
POPS ROCKS The Music of The Moody Blues: GO NOW!
Apr 30-May 2, 2021
ANDREA BOCELLI IN CONCERT PRESENTED BY THE PHILLY POPS
08 December 2021
All Concerts & Events
Sponsorship Opportunities