https://www.reddwarf.co.uk/privacy
Our use of cookies
We use necessary cookies to make our site work. We'd also like to set optional analytics cookies to help us improve it. Saving these settings will set a cookie on your device to remember your preferences.
For more detailed information about the cookies we used, see our Privacy Policy.
Necessary cookies
Necessary cookies enable core functionality such as security and site preferences. You may disable these by changing your browser settings, but this may affect how the website functions.
Analytics cookies
We'd like to set Google Analytics cookies to help us to improve our website by collecting and reporting information on how you use it. For more information on how these cookies work, please see our Privacy Policy. The cookies collection information in an anonymous form.
Accept
Save and close
NewsAboutWatchBuyExplore
FeaturesComplete GuideSpace Corps DatabaseGallery
Beyond
Quarantine CommentariesLockdown TheatreGames & QuizzesLinksFan ClubHelp/FAQ
Privacy Notice for www.reddwarf.co.uk
This notice relates solely to http(s)://www.reddwarf.co.uk and not to the Arcade Games Site, the Red Dwarf Shop Sites or any other linked sites. (For more information please see 'Links To Other Web Sites' below).
How we collect information from you
By using our website, some of your personal data may be collected and processed by Grant Naylor Productions Limited. This will only happen when you specifically submit personal data to us. We will be a controller (also known as a data controller) in respect of such personal data and shall only use it in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice. We may update this Privacy Notice from time-to-time so it is important to check back frequently.
How we use information about you
Data protection laws only permit companies to process personal data in accordance with certain lawful bases. These bases and the circumstances and purposes for which we collect and use personal data are as follows:
Purpose
Lawful basis
Where you contact us
Consent (so we can respond to you where a response is required); legitimate interests (so we can consider whether a response a required and, if not, to allow us to take on board feedback from our users)
Where you submit a job application to us
Consent (in order for us to assess and respond to the application)
Where you register and participate in our forum
Necessary for the performance of a contract (to allow you to enjoy the forum services that you have signed-up to)
To send you newsletters and marketing
Consent (we will only send out such communications where you have specifically requested these)
We may process your personal data for additional purposes which are compatible with the purposes listed above. If we are required to process your personal data for additional purposes which are incompatible with those listed above we will ensure that we have a lawful basis for doing so and update this Privacy Notice accordingly.
Sharing your personal data
As a general rule we do not share your personal data with any third parties. If you have signed-up to use our forum then your personal data will be processed by Xenforo on our behalf in order to operate and manage the forum. We may also share personal data in the following circumstances:
To assist law enforcement or regulators with investigations
To protect ourselves legally
In the event of a sale, merger or investment of our business
Cookies
We use analytics cookies as described below. We may also use other cookies but only where strictly necessary in the operation of the website. Cookies are small files of information which are stored on your computer. We may use them to store your password so that you don't have to keep filling in a registration form every time you want to log in. We may also use them to study things such as the places on our web site you visit, which parts of our site you like best, where you have come from and who your internet service provider is. You can learn more about cookies
here.
Our website uses Google Analytics, a service which transmits website traffic data to Google servers in the United States. We use reports provided by Google Analytics to help us understand website traffic and webpage usage. Google Analytics cannot function without the use of cookies. You can opt-out of Google Analytics cookies altogether by using this
Google Analytics Opt-Out Add-on. More information about how Google Analytics collects and uses data can be found
here.
How we look after your information
We make sure that all the information we hold on you is as safe as possible. When you log in to some parts of our site you may be given a password so please make sure you keep it safe. If you visit our chat room or bulletin board you may disclose information to others over which we have no control.
Links to other web sites
On our web site we may also provide links to other sites which may be of interest to you such as the sites which host the Red Dwarf Arcade Games and the Red Dwarf Shops. Please remember that these sites may have different privacy and security policies and we have no control over and take no responsibility for any information submitted to these sites or their content in anyway. Please make sure that you familiarise yourself with the privacy policies relevant to the linked sites you visit.
Children under 13 years old
Notice to Children
If you are under 13 years old we cannot let you register with us until your parents let us. You can still use other bits of our site but you just can't fill in any of the forms to get extra information. Ask your parents to read this notice and get in contact with us.
Notice to Parents
We do not allow children who tell us they are under 13 to register with us unless we have their parents' consent. Please write or send a fax to us at the address below (do not email) with your child's name and email address to confirm that they may provide us with their details. Please also let us know if they may receive information on products from carefully selected third parties.
We never give out details on children under 13 to third parties unless you say so and you can tell us at any time if you wish to withdraw your permission for your child to register with us. You can look at the information we hold on your child at any time and if you want us to delete any information please let us know.
Retention
Once your relationship with us has ended (i.e. you unsubscribe from our newsletter or we have made a decision about your job application) we will not hold your personal data for longer than necessary. On occasion we may have to hold your data for longer for legal reasons, such as us defending ourselves from a claim, however we only do this where there is a high probability of the data needing to be kept for this purpose and we do not keep your data "just in case".
Your rights
Data protection laws grant you certain rights in relation to your personal data and our processing. You have the following rights in relation to your personal data:
a right to request confirmation from us as to whether we are processing your personal data and, if so, a copy of such personal data;
a right to request that inaccurate personal data is rectified;
a right to request to receive your personal data in machine-readable format and to request that we provide this to a third party controller;
a right to object to processing where the lawful basis is that it is in our legitimate interests, but please note that we may still process your personal data where there are other relevant lawful bases or where we have compelling grounds to continue processing your personal data in our interests which are not overridden by your rights, interests or freedoms;
a right to request that certain personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary for us to process it, where you have withdrawn your consent (as described immediately below), or where you have objected (as described immediately above), where your personal data has been unlawfully processed, or where erasing your personal data is required in accordance with a legal obligation;
a right to withdraw your consent where this is the lawful basis on which we process your personal data;
a right to request an explanation of the logic involved where we make decisions about you solely through automated means;
a right to complain to your national data protection supervisory authority; and
a right to object to direct marketing.
If you are unsure about your rights or are concerned about how your personal data may be processed, please feel free to contact us.
If you would like to exercise any of your rights then you can do so by contacting us as described below. Please be aware that while we will try to accommodate any request you make in respect of your rights, they are not absolute rights. This means that we may have to refuse your request or may only be able to comply with it in part.
Where you make a request in respect of your rights we will require proof of identification. We may also ask that you clarify your request. We will aim to respond to any request within one month of verifying your identity. If we receive repeated requests, or have reason to believe requests are being made unreasonably, we reserve the right not to respond.
How to get in contact with us
If you ever wish to exercise any of your rights set out above or if you simply wish to understand more about how we will process your personal data please contact us via email at legal@reddwarf.co.uk.
If you have any complaints about how we process your personal data then you have the right to complain to your national supervisory authority (the ICO in the UK). However, we would encourage you to contact us in the first instance with any complaints at legal@reddwarf.co.uk.
Grant Naylor Productions Ltd
Hanover House
14 Hanover Street
London W1S 1HP
Fax: +44 (0)20 7667 5100
FOLLOW
Facebook
Twitter
FOLLOW
YouTube
RSS Feed
HELP/FAQS
Got a question about Red Dwarf or this website?
Check out our FAQ section and see if we've got an answer for you!
LEGAL
© 2020 Grant Naylor Productions. All rights reserved.
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy