http://www.warcraftpets.com/community/privacy/
Smart Pet Search
Log in
|
Register
Breanni's Magical Menagerie ofBattle Pets, Companions & Vanity Pets
My Pet Collection
You've collected 0 pets
Log in to track your collection
MVP Spotlight Salute
Hicommander1069 pets
Thanks to our MVPs
Become an MVP
Quick Links
Realm Leaderboards
New Pets!
Best Battle Pets
Forums
Guide to Pet Battles
Top 5 Pet Collections
1.
Shironu
10912
2.
Anmlnitr69
10796
3.
Nossia
10784
4.
Thauronis
10768
5.
Jagmn
10744
Top 500 Collections
Top 5 Rated Pets (Battle)
1.  Anubisath Idol
2.  Unborn Val'kyr
3.  Mechanical Pandaren Dragonling
4.  Xu-Fu, Cub of Xuen
5.  Emerald Proto-Whelp
Top 20 Rated Pets
External Resources
Blizzard's Pet Store
WoW TCG Loot
Quintessence's Pet Blog
Warcraft Mounts
Warla's Pet Search
Privacy
Any and all information you provide to WarcraftPets is fully protected under this policy. You can browse through most of the site without the need to divulge any personal information. However, an email address is required to complete certain online requests, such as creating an account.
Email
You will NEVER receive junk email from WarcraftPets.
We hate spam as much as you do. We'll keep your email address as safe and confidential as possible. Email addresses submitted to WarcraftPets.com are never shared nor sold to third parties.
Note that an email transmitted to WarcraftPets may not be secure, unless specifically noted prior to transmitting your message. For this reason, it is recommended that you do not send confidential or sensitive information via email.
Messaging
If you're a member of this site, you're able to send and receive messages from other members. Messages are relayed through the site, keeping the email addresses of both the sender and the recipient private. However, if either party chooses to share their email address with the other, WarcraftPets.com cannot be held responsible for any misconduct.
NOTE: By default, messaging is set to 'enabled', allowing you to send and receive messages. You can disable this setting from your account management page.
Personal Information
Your personal information will be used solely to process your online activity and to establish any necessary communications via email. Any form of casual communication from our staff that you consider a nuisance will be suspended, per your request.
WarcraftPets.com does everything possible to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, alteration, or destruction.
Advertising
We use third party advertisements to support our site. Some of these advertisers may be served from our third party advertiser. You can view their privacy policy and cookie policy here. You can manage your cookies here.
We use Google Analytics and Comscore to analyse the use of our website. Google Analytics and Comscore gather information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google's privacy policy is available here and Comscore's privacy policy is available here.
Policy Updates
Major changes to this policy will be prominently displayed in the News section.
Policy last revised: 13-Nov-2019.
©2007-2020 Brian Brolin
Site Map | For Developers | User Guidelines | Manage Cookie Settings | Privacy | Disclaimers