http://www.cpf.navy.mil/misc/privacy/
Commander, U.S. Pacific Fleet
Search
About Us
What We Do
Organization
Area of Responsibility
Subordinate Commands
History
Command History
Previous Commanders
Welcome Aboard
Leaders
Admiral John Aquilino
Commander
Rear Admiral Stephen Koehler
Deputy Commander
Fleet Master Chief James Honea
Fleet Master Chief
More Leaders
News
Contact Us
Privacy and Security Notice
This website is provided as a public service by Commander, U.S.
Pacific Fleet.
Information presented on this service not identified as protected
by copyright is considered public information and may be distributed or
copied. Use of appropriate byline, photo, and image credits is
requested.
For site management, information is collected for statistical
purposes. This U.S. Government computer system uses software programs to
create summary statistics, which are used for such purposes as assessing
what information is of most and least interest, determining technical
design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem
areas.
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service
remains available to all users, software programs are employed to
monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or
change information, or otherwise cause damage.
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations and national
security purposes, no other attempts are made to identify individual
users or their usage habits beyond DoD websites. Raw data logs are used
for no other purposes and are scheduled for regular destruction in
accordance with National Archives and Records Administration
Guidelines.
Web measurement and customization technologies (WMCT) may be used
on this site to remember your online interactions, to conduct
measurement and analysis of usage, or to customize your experience. The
Department of Defense does not use the information associated with WMCT
to track individual user activity on the Internet outside of Defense
Department websites, nor does it share the data obtained through such
technologies, without your explicit consent, with other departments or
agencies. The Department of Defense does not keep a database of
information obtained from the use of WMCT. General instructions for how
you may opt out of some of the most commonly used WMCT is available at
http://www.usa.gov/optout_instructions.shtml.
Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information
on this site are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the
Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1987 and the National Information
Infrastructure Protection Act (18 U.S.C. § 1030).
If you have any questions or comments about the information
presented here, please forward them to cpf.webmaster@navy.mil.
Last updated: March 27, 2014
Site Policies
External Link Disclaimer
Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
Privacy Policy
Find us on social media
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Flickr
YouTube
News feed
Commander, U.S. Pacific Fleet
250 Makalapa Drive
Pearl Harbor,
HI
96860-3131
cpf.webmaster@navy.mil
Accessibility/Section 508
FOIA electronic reading room
Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
Information quality
Navy recruiting
NCIS tips
No FEAR Act data
Open Government
Parent command
Plain writing
Privacy policy
Privacy Program
U.S. Navy
USA.gov
This is an official U.S. Navy website.
The appearance of hyperlinks does not constitute endorsement by
the U.S. Navy of non-U.S. Government sites or the information,
products, or services contained therein. Although the U.S. Navy
may or may not use these sites as additional distribution
channels for Department of Defense information, it does not
exercise editorial control over all of the information that you
may find at these locations. Such hyperlinks are provided
consistent with the stated purpose of this website.