https://www.angelseason.com/privacy.htm
Home /
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Protecting your privacy is important to Tobeach.com This Policy explains how Tobeach.com collects, uses and discloses the personal information you may provide to Tobeach.com while using the website and the services provided through the website (collectively the “Website”).
Your Consent
1. By using the Website or by submitting information to Tobeach.com through or in connection with the Website, you signify your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Policy.
Information Automatically Collected Through The Website
2. Non-Personal Information – The Website automatically collects certain non-personal information regarding Website users, such as the date and time you access the Website, the Internet address of the website from which you linked to the Website, the operating system you are using, and the Website pages read and images viewed. This non-personal information is used for the Website and system administration purposes and to improve the Website. Non-personal information may be disclosed to other persons and permanently retained for future use.
3. Cookies – The Website uses “cookies”, a technology that installs a small amount of information on a Website user’s computer to permit the Website to recognize future visits using that computer. Cookies enhance the convenience and use of the Website. For example, the information provided through cookies is used to recognize you as a previous user of the Website (so you do not have to enter information every time), offer personalized web page content and information for your use, and otherwise facilitate your Website experience. You may choose to decline cookies if your browser permits, but doing so may affect your ability to access or use certain features of the Website.
--------------------------------------------------------
Personal Information You Specifically Provide
--------------------------------------------------------
4. Your Personal Information – During your use of the Website, you may be asked to voluntarily provide personal information, such as your personal name, email address, postal address, telephone number, birth date, occupation, present employer and other information) in order to participate in sweepstakes or contests, submit suggestions or comments, request information regarding becoming a partner or other online interactive activities. You can choose not to provide certain requested personal information, but then you may not be able to use certain services provided by Tobeach.comor access or use certain features of the Website.
5. Use of Your Personal Information – Tobeach.com uses your personal information for the following purposes and as otherwise permitted by applicable law: (a) to help us understand better visitors’ use of the Website; (b) to fulfill prizes; (c) to respond to specific requests from you; (d) to contact and correspond with you regarding your inquiries to Tobeach.com; (e) to contact and correspond to you regarding promotions offered by Tobeach.com , its suppliers and contractors; and (f) to evaluate your suitability as a prospective partner/integrator and (g) to protect the security of the Website when necessary. Tobeach.com may also develop a confidential profile for you, which will be used to provide services to you and facilitate your use of the Website, and may keep a record of all communications with you.
6. Emails and Newsletters from Tobeach.com – From time to time, Tobeach.com may send to you email or other communications containing information about Tobeach.com , product information, the Website and other matters Tobeach.com believes will interest you. At any time you may ask Tobeach.com to stop sending you email, newsletters and other information by sending your request to Tobeach.com’s Privacy Officer at one of the addresses noted below. Also, each email Tobeach.com sends to you will tell you how to decline further unsolicited communications.
7. Disclosure of Your Personal Information –Tobeach.com may disclose your personal information in the following circumstances and as otherwise permitted by applicable law:
(a) Disclosure to Authorizing Persons – If you use the Website on behalf of another person or organization (such as your employer), Tobeach.com may provide your personal information to that authorizing person or organization. If you do not wish your personal information to be disclosed to the person or organization on whose behalf you use the Website, you may not use the Website.
(b) Disclosure to Affiliates, Agents and Suppliers – Tobeach.com may provide your personal information to its affiliates, agents, suppliers and service providers in order to provide services to you. Tobeach.com requires its affiliates, agents, suppliers and service providers to agree to use your personal information only for the purposes for which it is provided to them, and to protect the privacy of your personal information in a manner that is consistent with this Policy. If at any time you do not wish your personal information to be disclosed to certain or any other persons, please send your request to Tobeach.com’s Privacy Officer at one of the addresses noted below; however, this may affect your ability to use the Website or receive services from Tobeach.com
(c) Disclosure in Business Transfers – Tobeach.com may be involved in the sale or transfer of some or all of its businesses. As part of that sale or transfer, Tobeach.com may disclose your personal information to the acquiring organization, but will require the acquiring organization to agree to protect the privacy of your personal information in a manner that is consistent with this Policy. If at any time you do not wish Tobeach.com to disclose your personal information as part of the sale or transfer of some or all of its business, please send your request to Tobeach.com ’s Privacy Officer at one of the addresses noted below.
(d) Law Enforcement and Legal Disclosure – Tobeach.com may disclose your personal information to a government institution that has asserted its lawful authority to obtain the information or where Tobeach.com has reasonable grounds to believe the information could be useful in the investigation of unlawful activity, or to comply with a subpoena or warrant or an order made by a court, person or body with jurisdiction to compel the production of information, or to comply with court rules regarding the production of records and information, or to its legal counsel. Tobeach.com has no control over, or liability for, those persons’ use and disclosure of your personal information, and that use and disclosure is not subject to this Policy.
8. Ensuring Accuracy of Your Information – Tobeach.com will make reasonable efforts to ensure that your personal information is accurate and complete. Subject to certain exceptions and limitations prescribed by applicable law, you may request corrections to your personal information in order to ensure its accuracy and completeness. Requests for corrections to your personal information should be sent to Tobeach.com’s Privacy Officer at one of the addresses noted below. If the personal information is demonstrated to be inaccurate or incomplete, we will correct the information as required. You can help Tobeach.com maintain the accuracy of your information by notifying Tobeach.com of any changes to your personal information.
9. Depersonalized Information – Tobeach.com may use personal information to create non-personal information regarding the use of the Website and related services. Tobeach.com may then disclose that non-personal information to other persons and permanently retain that non-personal information for future use.
10. Business Contact Information – To the extent permitted by law, the provisions of this Policy concerning “personal information” do not apply to information (such as your personal name, position or title, business address, business telephone number, business fax number and business email address) which enable you to be contacted at a place of business.
11. Location of Information – Tobeach.com will store and process your personal information inthe United States of America.
12. Securing Your Information – Tobeach.com employs reasonable security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the personal information in its possession or under its control in order to protect that information from unauthorized access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification or disposal or similar risks. Only those persons who need to have access to your personal information in order to carry out their duties with respect to the uses set out above will have access to your personal information. Nevertheless, security risks cannot be eliminated and Tobeach.com cannot guarantee that your personal information will not be used or disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Policy.
13. Other Websites – The Website may contain links to other websites or Internet resources. When you click on one of those links you are contacting another website. Tobeach.com has no responsibility or liability for or control over those other websites or their collection, use and disclosure of your personal information.
14. Policy Changes – To accommodate changes in Tobeach.com, changing technology, and legal developments, this Policy may be changed from time to time in Tobeach.com’s discretion and without any prior notice or liability to you or any other person. Tobeach.com’s collection, use and disclosure of your personal information will be governed by the version of this Policy in effect at that time. New versions of the Policy will be posted on the Website. Your continued dealings with Tobeach.com or your use of the Website subsequent to any changes to this Policy will signify your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with the changed Policy. Accordingly, when you use the Website you should check the date of this Policy and review any changes since the last version. You should also bookmark this page and periodically review this Policy to ensure that you are familiar with the most current version.
--------------------------------------------------------
Contact Us
--------------------------------------------------------
Tobeach.com’s Legal Department may be contacted by mail, telephone or email at:
5759 Louis Prima Dr W, New Orleans, Louisiana 70128, USA.
+1 8557775999
sales@tobeach.com
Back