http://www.internet-radio.org.uk/terms/cookie-policy/
Toggle navigation
InternetRadio
Listen
70s
80s
Ambient
Blues
Chillout
Classical
Country
Dance
Drum and bass
Easy listening
Heavy metal
Hip hop
Jazz
Meditation
Metal
Oldies
Psytrance
Reggae
Rock
More Genres
Broadcast
Start your own station
Prices
Guides
FAQs
Control Panel Login
Discuss
Forum Home
Contact Us
Support
FAQs
Guides
Pre Sales Questions
Volunteering
Shows
Music
Chat
News
Feedback
Search
Cookie Policy
We ask that you read this cookie policy carefully as it contains important information on who we are and our use of cookies or similar technologies on our website. This policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy which sets out how and why we collect, store, use and share personal information generally, as well as your rights in relation to your personal information and details of how to contact us and supervisory authorities in the event you have a complaint.
Our website
This cookie policy relates to your use of our website, internet-radio.com.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file which is placed onto your device (eg computer, smartphone or other electronic device) when you use our website. We use cookies on our website. These help us recognise you and your device and store some information about your preferences or past actions.
For example, we may monitor [how many times you visit the website, which pages you go to, traffic data, location data and the originating domain name of a user's internet service provider]. This information helps us to build a profile of our users. Some of this data will be aggregated or statistical, which means that we will not be able to identify you individually.
You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the websites below tell you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, some of our website features may not function as a result.
For further information on our use of cookies, including a detailed list of your information which we and others may collect through cookies, please see below.
Our use of cookies
We use cookies on this website to:
recognise you whenever you visit this website (this speeds up your access to the website as you do not have to log in each time);
obtain information about your preferences and use of our website;
keep track of the items stored in your shopping basket and take you through the checkout process;
carry out research and statistical analysis to help improve our website and services and to help us better understand our users’ requirements; and
target our marketing and advertising campaigns and those of our partners more effectively by providing interest-based advertisements that are personalised to your interests; and
make your online experience more efficient and enjoyable.
For further information on cookies generally visit www.aboutcookies.org; or www.allaboutcookies.org.
The cookies we use
The table below provides more information about the cookies we use and why:
The cookies we use
What they do
Facebook (Privacy Policy)
To aid in sharing and to provide comments.
Google / Doubleclick (Privacy Policy)
Provide advertising on the site
Google Analytics (Privacy Policy)
To aid in website improvements.
BootstrapCDN (Privacy Policy)
Provide website speed improvements.
Consent to use cookies
We will ask for your permission (consent) to place cookies or other similar technologies on your device, except where these are essential for us to provide you with a service that you have requested (eg to enable you to put items in your shopping basket and use our check-out process).
How to turn off cookies
If you do not want to accept cookies, you can change your browser settings so that cookies are not accepted. If you do this, please be aware that you may lose some of the functionality of this website. For further information about cookies and how to disable them please go to the Information Commissioner’s webpage on cookies: https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/online/cookies/.