https://www.stpeters.co.uk/about-us/terms-conditions-policies/
MENU
Home
Our courses
General English
Intensive English
English Plus
Examination
Activity
School Groups
One-to-One
Learning
Excursions
Local information
Student stories
Accommodation
About us
Our philosophy
Social & Leisure
Study support
School holidays
Terms & Policies
Visa information
Contact us
Home
Our courses
General English
Intensive English
English Plus
Examination
Activity
School Groups
One-to-One
Learning
Excursions
Local information
Student stories
Accommodation
About us
Our philosophy
Social & Leisure
Study support
School holidays
Terms & Policies
Visa information
Contact us
About us » Terms & Policies
Terms and Policies
Courses
The school has the right to change teachers at any time during the course.
If a student cannot read Roman script, they must enrol on our one-to-one classes.
You are expected to attend all the classes you have enrolled for. If you do not attend at least 80% of classes, you will not receive a St. Peter’s School of English certificate at the end of your stay.
Course book fees are not included in the course fees. You must buy a book on arrival or pay a deposit to borrow a book (£25). This deposit will be returned to you when you return the book in the same condition as when it was lent.
All courses are based on enrolment numbers. If we cannot offer your choice of course, we reserve the right to place you into a course at an appropriate level (e.g. Advanced General English to Advanced Exam Courses).
Conduct
St. Peter’s School of English is a friendly, family-run business and we ask that students respect cultural, racial, sexual and religious differences while studying with us. We reserve the right to refuse admission to the school or to expel any student without any refund of course fees in the case of unreasonable behaviour or poor attendance.
Refund Policy
On booking a course, a non-refundable deposit required of:
£100 for non-visa applicants
£200 for visa required applicants.
If a course is cancelled with 21 days or more written notice before the course starts, a full 100% of advance fees and accommodation costs (if booked) will be refunded minus the non-refundable deposit to cover the £78 registration fee, school visa costs and bank charges.
If a course is cancelled in writing within 21 days of the course starting, the course fees and accommodation costs will be refunded except for 2 weeks course fees and 2 weeks of any accommodation costs and the deposit.
If a course is cancelled or changed after the course has started, the school reserves the right to retain the fees to pay for all costs incurred. Any remaining weeks of a course can be transferred to another course at a later time within one year.
There is no refund for classes that have been missed due to public holidays.
No refunds will be given for holidays taken. If agreed in advance, the holiday you take will be added to the end of your course. We require 7 days’ notice, in writing. Course extensions will only be given for holidays of whole weeks and not for occasional days.
It is not possible to transfer your fees to another student or to exchange studying on a General English or Examination English course for one-to-one or two-to-one courses.
We recommend students take out comprehensive insurance to cover Cancellations, Medical Cost, Personal Injury, Lost Property and Personal Liability as St. Peter’s School of English does not accept any liability in these cases. We recommend you take out cover before you leave your country. A popular site is: Student Guard at: www.course-u-can.com.
Privacy Policy
This policy tells you how St. Peter’s School of English uses and protects information that you give us when you contact us via this website or contact us in other ways. The school is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. If we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) requires St. Peter’s School of English to be careful with how it uses your information.
The school needs to process information about students for administrative, academic and health and safety reasons, so that it can operate efficiently.
When students register with St. Peter’s School of English, they give the school permission to process their data for the stated purpose of being enrolled, classed and supervised as a student of the school. We also ask students to give details for an Emergency Contact Person. This data will be used or disclosed only in case of emergency. Please check that your emergency contact agrees with your giving their details to the school.
We collect the following information:
• name and date of birth
• contact information including email address
• passport and visa information
• other information relevant to your study and accommodation arrangements
Security:
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. Wherever you are asked to submit personal data, this information will be held on password protected servers, or in a supervised environment.
Disclosure of Personal Data:
We will not disclose your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law or accrediting bodies to do so. We will not knowingly use your personal information for marketing without your permission. We will not sell your personal information to other parties.
Some data, such as nationality or age, may be used in compilation of information regarding the school for accreditation or marketing purposes. In these cases data will never be personally identifying.
Other Websites:
Our website contains links to other websites of interest to students. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, please note that we do not have any control over those other websites. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites, and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and check the privacy statements applicable to the individual websites.
Control of Personal Data:
Right of Access and Erasure – If you would like a printed copy of all your personal information held by the school, or want the school to erase all of your information, please write to the Principal to arrange this on info@stpeters.co.uk
We like to show photographs of our students having a good time at the school, on our website and on our social media platforms. If you don’t want your picture shared in this way, please contact the school by email info@stpeters.co.uk
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please contact us as soon as possible so that this can be corrected.
CCTV:
The school has closed circuit television cameras for the security of our staff and students (so that we can detect intruders). CCTV data is considered personal data.
Access to CCTV images is restricted to the Managing Director of the school, and will not be made more widely available, unless requested by authorised personal such as the Police.
Individuals have the right to request access to CCTV footage relating to themselves under GDPR.
All requests, in addition to any concerns or complaints you may have should be made in writing to the Principal at St. Peter’s School of English, 4 St. Alphege Lane, Canterbury CT1 2EB.
Please check this website from time to time so that you are aware of any changes to this Privacy Policy.
Safeguarding under 18s Policy
St. Peter’s School of English welcomes individual students from the age of 16 on its adult courses. However, parents and guardians of under-18 year olds need to be aware that the majority of students on these courses are aged 18 and over. In addition, the school welcomes closed groups of school-age children (aged between 14 and 19) throughout the year. The group students do not study with the adult students.
At St. Peter’s School of English we are committed to protecting and safeguarding all our students from harm and abuse regardless of gender, sexuality, ethnicity, disability or beliefs. There are, however, particular measures applicable specifically to under-18s (hereafter referred to as “child” or “children”).
All staff undertake training in Basic Awareness in Child Protection. St. Peter’s School of English has a Designated Safeguarding Lead, Amelia Glenn and two Deputy Safeguarding Leads, Petra Harries and Nick Bendall.
We are committed to reviewing policies and procedures annually unless changes in legislation and requirements of our accrediting bodies require the policy to be reviewed more regularly than once a year.
Code of Conduct
St. Peter’s School of English is committed to creating a safe school culture and we recognise the need to protect both adults and children from any behaviour that may be misunderstood or misconstrued. Everyone who lives in the U.K. or comes here as a student or visitor, is expected to live by the core British values of:
Democracy
Rule of law
Freedom of the individual
Respect and tolerance of those with different faiths and beliefs – and following the Equality Act
Emergencies
All students are given an I.D. card with the school emergency number (+44 77388 924 14) in case of emergency. We ask our students to complete next of kin forms which we have access to 24 hours a day.
Outside class times
There is a curfew time of 10.30 at night for students under 18 staying in homestay accommodation. The school social programme is optional for independent students but a part of our group students’ weekly programme. Social programme events are supervised, and risk assessment has been carried out for all social activities. Students who are under 18 and not part of a group programme are not closely supervised outside class times. All our homestay providers understand that they need to advise students on the safest and easiest route to and from school as they will not be escorted. If parents and guardians are worried about this, bus travel passes can be purchased from Canterbury bus station.
The school has an intercom access system and CCTV cameras for security reasons. There is a walled garden at the rear of the school with no access from outside. Visitors are required to sign in and out of the school and wear a Visitors badge. We have guidelines for visitors to the school and contractors in any dealings they may have with our students.
Setting standards
Adults working for the school in any capacity are role models for young people and need to behave accordingly. These adults need to use appropriate language with children and challenge any inappropriate language used by a young person, child or an adult working with young people. Adults should also respect a child’s right to privacy. Adults should be aware that actions can be misinterpreted. Never come to conclusions about others in the organisation or outside without checking the facts. Never be drawn into attention-seeking behaviour such as crushes or tantrums.
Accommodation
All homestay providers sign a self-declaration stating they have had no criminal offences and know of no reason why children should not be accommodated with them. The main caregiver is DBS checked. Homestay providers need to be aware that any adult visitors to their home may not have been checked. Daily access to washing facilities (bath or shower) is essential and privacy needs to be respected both in the bathroom and bedroom areas. No student shall share a bed. All students need to feel comfortable and safe in the accommodation. The students need to know where to exit the building in case of fire and of safe routes to and from the school.
Transport
It is a legal requirement for taxi and coach companies to only use drivers who have been properly DBS checked. We require written confirmation from transport companies that we use that this has been carried out.
Excursions / Social Programme
It is the school’s policy to ensure that under 18s who are studying as part of a closed group are accompanied by their group leaders on excursions. The ratio is 15-20 students to 1 group leader. Social evenings at the school are supervised by our social organiser; an extra member of staff is used when the number exceeds 15 students. If you would like your under-18-year-old child to have a supervised excursion, we can only guarantee this if they are part of a group.
Recruitment
Staff applying for roles involving responsibility for under 18s, or with substantial access to under 18s, are informed:
References are followed up
All gaps in CVs must be explained satisfactorily
proof of identity and (where applicable) originals of certificates must be seen
Reference requests will ask specifically whether there is any reason that they should not be engaged in situations where they have responsibility for, or substantial access to, persons under 18
appropriate suitability checks will be carried out
All members of staff undergo a DBS check. We also do a “List 99” check at the same time; this lets us know within 24 hours if it safe for that staff member to work with children. If a member of staff starts work before the DBS has been completed, there are further measures implemented depending on the role.
This policy was updated 02.10.2019 by Amelia Glenn & Petra Harries
Complaints
We hope that you will enjoy your stay at St. Peter’s and that you will not find anything to complain about. However, if you are unhappy about anything, we will listen to all complaints and any suggestions you may have that will help us improve our service to our students.
Independent students
We collect feedback from our students on the Wednesday of the first week of their studies and at the end of the course. Teachers hold tutorials with students and also complete a weekly Individual learning plan to measure progress.
If you have a complaint about your lessons, please speak to your teacher in the first instance. If you are still not happy, speak to the Academic Director. If you are the parent / guardian of someone studying at the school who is under 18, please email the school at dos@stpeters.co.uk
If the problem is with your homestay accommodation, or if you have a welfare concern, speak to the Accommodation & Welfare Officer and Designated Safeguarding Lead, Amelia Glenn. If you are the parent / guardian of someone studying at the school who is under 18, please email info@stpeters.co.uk
If you feel that the problem has not been resolved, you should make an appointment to speak to the Managing Director, Nick Bendall. If you are the parent / guardian of someone studying at the school, Nick can be contacted via info@stpeters.co.uk
Group students
Group students travel with a group leader / group leaders. They are the point of contact with the school, so if you are the parent or guardian of a student travelling with a group, you should contact them. If the matter has still not been resolved, you need to contact the agency who organised the visit.
To apply for any of our courses, please telephone +44 (0)1227 462016 or contact us via the website.
To apply for any of our courses, please telephone +44 (0)1227 462016
or contact us via the website.