https://www.lewiscarroll.org/privacy/
Skip to content
General
How do I contact the LCSNA?
Information about representatives of the Lewis Carroll Society of North America Inc. can be found through:
Our website: https:// www.lewiscarroll.orgEmail the Society Officers.Our About Page for general informationThe LCSNA permanent address is: Lewis Carroll Society of North America2578 Broadway, #556New York, NY
10025-8844
Is the LCSNA a non-profit organization?
The Lewis Carroll Society of North America is a 501(c)(3) organization and donations are tax-deductible to the extent granted by law. The amount of the gift that is eligible for deduction can depend on several factors, including the size and nature of the donation.
The Lewis Carroll Society of North America’s tax ID [EIN] is: 13-2904564
Purchase and Refund Policies
Donation FAQ
Information Collected
What Information do we collect and how do we use your information?
You may browse our site without creating an online account or providing us with your information, but to use certain features or to participate in certain activities we may ask you for information described below.
When you
join, order materials from the LCSNA, or make a donation [online or by mail] we
may collect and store your first/last name, email address, physical address, or
postal address. Additional information may include: membership type and dates;
donation amount, date, assignment to fund; source of funds [check or credit
card] and activity data such as your donation history, events attended, etc. We
do not see or maintain credit card numbers.
We collect information from you so you can logon to our site to join or renew membership; register for meetings, and pay for meals; purchase publications or Society materials; donate to the organization; and other activities.
We use the information to send you receipts and provide services at your request. Opt-in requests are managed in a website/email managed process.
We may send you periodic Society emails with updates to activities, special member offerings, or fund-raising requests. You may unsubscribe at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link provided at the bottom of every email or by contacting web@lewiscarroll.org.
For
customers and other users who register on our website (if any), we also store
the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see,
edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot
change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that
information.
If you
leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This
is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead
of holding them in a moderation queue.
Do we share your information with 3rd parties?
Your information is not shared with any third parties. A request by the ecommerce company to ensure compliance for business purposes may occur. We use your personal information only for billing, mailing pertaining to society activities, purchases, donations/fundraising, tax records, and completing credit card transactions.
Cookies
“Cookies” are used to help us recognize when you come back to the website. We use the information to measure the number of visits to the site, the average time spent on the site, identity and number of pages viewed and gather traffic and information that helps us improve the site.
Our website used Google Analytics. Please see information at: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
If you
have
an account
and you log in to this site, we set a temporary cookie to determine if
your browser accepts cookies. If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
When you log in, we set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me,” your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
Your Data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Embedded Content
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Recent News
Nicole Claveloux’s Looking-Glass!!
White (Stone) Monday Terrific DEALS!!
Alice in the Pandemic: A Virtual Opera
Kathryn Beaumont Before Alice
Our Virtual Book Club!
Events
Carrollian Show and Tell: The Best Alice Gift I’ve Ever Received
December 13, 2020, 2:00 pm
Through the Looking-Glass Cocktail Party
January 9, 2021, 8:00 pm
View All Events
Complete list of LCSNA meetings held to date, including speakers and topics