http://www.columbinehall.co.uk/privacy-policy
Jump to navigation
Columbine Hall
AboutAbout Columbine Hall
History
The House
The Gardens
Location & Directions
Hew Stevenson
Leslie Geddes-Brown
Syrie & Finn
VisitGuided Tours
Open Gardens
WeddingsWeddings Overview
The Venue
Accommodation
Prices
AccommodationThe Gig House
Location
Bookings
Venue HireThe West Barn
The Clock Tower
Film & Photography
Gallery
Leslie's Blog
Contact
Privacy Policy
Introduction
This privacy policy sets out how Columbine Hall uses and protects any information that you give Columbine Hall when you use ‘columbinehall.co.uk’ website.
Columbine Hall is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Columbine Hall may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 2nd July 2015.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you contact us via our contact form or when you buy an item from us. When you purchase a product from us, you may be asked to enter your address. All personal payment information, such as credit card details, are managed by our third party payment processors (PayPal). Columbine Hall does not have access to any of these personal financial details.
columbinehall.co.uk uses cookies. For more information about the cookies we set, please see the section entitled ‘Do We Use Cookies?’ below.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience:
Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs
Your information helps us to serve you better, and provide more relevant information
To improve our website
We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you
We aim to continuously improve our website content and design based feedback we receive from you
To improve customer service
Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs
To process transactions
Your information will be used to complete transactions completed via our website such as product purchases or subscriptions
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails
If you provide us with an email address it may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
How do we protect your information?
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. The file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We use this information for statistical analysis purposes and to help us to improve our website and the quality of our search results. Information that does not personally identify individuals may be shared with third parties.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. If you do disable cookies, you may find that some of the functionality of our website does not work.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@columbinehall.co.uk
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personally identifiable information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to info@columbinehall.co.uk.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Columbine Hall, Stowupland, Stowmarket, Suffolk IP14 4AT+44 (0)1449 612219   | |   info@columbinehall.co.uk
© Columbine Hall 2012  ||  Privacy & Cookies