http://www.gevatheatre.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Geva Theatre Center is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Privacy Policy applies to the Geva Theatre Center website and governs data collection and usage.  By using the Geva Theatre Center website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Our physical address is: 75 Woodbury Boulevard, Rochester, NY 14607
We can be reached via email at gevatalk@gevatheatre.org or via telephone at (585) 232-1366.
Geva Theatre Center will not trade or sell your email address to any other business or organization. If you do not wish to receive emails from us in the future, please contact us by sending an email to boxoffice@gevatheatre.org and provide us with the following: Name, Address and Email Address.
If you supply us with your postal address, you may receive periodic mailings from us with information about new productions, discount offers or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please contact us by sending an email to boxoffice@gevatheatre.org and provide us with the following: Name and Address.  You may also receive mailings from other reputable, arts-related companies. You can have your name put on our do-not-share list by emailing us at boxoffice@gevatheatre.org and provide us with the following: Name and Address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers online may receive telephone calls from us with information regarding new productions, discount offers or upcoming events.  If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please contact us by sending an email to boxoffice@gevatheatre.org and provide us with the following: Name and Telephone Number.
A number of options are provided to you to help decide how you wish us to contact you for most purposes. We will endeavor to respect your wishes based on how you tell us we should contact you.
This web site contains links to other websites.  Please be aware that Geva Theatre Center is not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our website, to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this website.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our website to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used you should check back at our website periodically.
Upon request, we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information. Customers can have this information corrected by e-mailing us at boxoffice@gevatheatre.org.
Safeguarding
Credit card data in our database conforms to the PCI P2PE Standard requirements from the credit card industry. That means we do not store data from credit card transactions such as Track II or CVV2/CID (the 3 or 4 digits on the back of the card). If stored, credit card numbers are securely encrypted and we ask that you never send a complete number to us in emails. PCI compliance means that our database and key internal applications have been tested for security by independent 3rd party auditors and approved by the PCI council.
With respect to online security, when we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server.  We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our website.
Retention
Data no longer required for our business purposes or legal requirements is destroyed.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact or email us at boxoffice@gevatheatre.org.
Artists
Artists
Casting
Play Submission
New Plays
Engage & Learn
Programs for Students
Training for Young Artists
Resources for Educators
Literary Programs
Community Engagement
Contact
75 Woodbury Boulevard
Rochester, New York 14607
Box Office:(585) 232-4382
Fax:(585) 232-4031
Donate Now
Made by Makeway