https://www.lopezheredia.com/terms-conditions/
Terms & ConditionsHome Terms & Conditions
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING THIS WEBSITE AND ANY PAGES HEREOF, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE LEGAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH BELOW. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, DO NOT ACCESS THIS WEBSITE, OR ANY PAGES HEREOF.
These Terms and Conditions set forth the agreement between the parties relating to the use of this website. LopezHeredia.com  / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC ( A-VENTURE CAPITAL, that has the exclusive license  of Hubert Lopez Heredia products” “we,” “us,” or “our”) can revise these Terms and Conditions at any time by updating this posting.
Nothing in our on LopezHeredia.coms.com recommendations website content shall be deemed a solicitation or an offer to Buy/sell. No representation is being made that any collector will or is likely to achieve profits or losses acquiring artworks on our LopezHeredia.coms.com website. On the basis of the digital submissions, we sell original fine art and prepare physical prints, that is, the digital data are reproduced on to a material which may then be framed or laminated as desired, e.g. for your personal use.
The past prices and quotes of any LopezHeredia.com indications is not necessarily indicative of future profits. LopezHeredia.com / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC does not guarantee to generate you profits. We cannot take responsibility for any  losses on your artwork value. You must buy and take sole responsibility to evaluate all artwork information provided by LopezHeredia.com  / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC and use it at your own risk. All  art quotes information we provide is intended as assistance only. By using LopezHeredia.com services, you understand and agrees that LopezHeredia.com  / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC, its agents or employees shall not be liable for any losses of  profits either directly or indirectly as a result of using our LopezHeredia.com recommendations services .
STATEMENT
LopezHeredia.com  / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC website is limited to the dissemination of general information pertaining to its advisory services, together with access to additional art-related information, publications and links. Accordingly, the publication of our website on the internet should not be construed by any visitor and/or prospective client as A-VENTURE CAPITAL’s solicitation to effect, or attempt to effect transactions in artworks, or the rendering of personalized art investment advice for compensation over the internet. Certain information presented on this website has been obtained from sources that A-VENTURE CAPITAL believes to be reliable. However, we have not and cannot verify the accuracy of such information, and collectors should be aware that such information is subject to change without notice. From time to time changes are made to the content herein. Although we attempt to keep the information on this website accurate, complete, and current, we do not warrant that the content herein is accurate, complete, or current. We make no commitment to update the content herein. It is your responsibility to verify any information before relying on it. Content herein may include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors.
Not all products and services described on this website are available in all jurisdictions, and certain investments may not be suitable for all investors. Additionally, portions of our website may contain or provide links to discussion of A-VENTURE CAPITAL’s positions and/or recommendations as of a specific prior date. Due to various factors, including changing market conditions, such discussion may no longer reflect our current recommendations. Moreover, no client or prospective client should assume that any such discussion serves as the receipt of, or a substitute for, personalized advice from A-VENTURE CAPITAL. A-VENTURE CAPITAL is neither an attorney nor accountant, and no portion of our website and content therein should be interpreted as legal, accounting or tax advice.
COPYRIGHT AND SERVICE MARK
Copyright © 1975-2017, LopezHeredia.com / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC. All Rights Reserved.
The content of this website, including but not limited to the text, logos, charts, video, images and environments (collectively the “Content”), is the property of A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC, or its affiliates, licensors or “partners”, and is protected by national and international copyright laws and are copyright 1975-2017.
Web Site users DO NOT have access, display, download, print and reproduce portions of the Content.
TERMS OF USE AND SERVICE
Agreement
LopezHeredia.com is the on-line artwork distribution and information services (the “Service”) provided A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC.  through its LopezHeredia.com web site. By registering for the Service, you agree to use the Service on these terms of service, the terms of Use on “this Agreement” found on the web site which apply to all our web site members and visitors. Please read these Terms before you subscribe for the Service. LopezHeredia.com  / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC reserves the right to changes the Terms of services on this web site at any time, and by your continuing to use the web site thereafter you agree to be bound by the new version of the Terms agreement. If any Terms changes are not acceptable, you must terminate your subscription. Whenever new services become available, your use of them will be under this Agreement unless we notify you otherwise. In these Terms “we” refers to LopezHeredia.com / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC, and “Subscriber” or “you” refer to you as a registered subscriber to the Service. This Agreement does not create any contractual or other legal relationship between you and LopezHeredia.com  / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC which is a separate legal entity.
Service Limitations
All contents of the Service are provided for general information purposes only. The Service does not constitute artwork investment advice, an endorsement of any commodity, security, or as an offer to buy or sell any artwork, commodity, security.
A-Venture Capital is the license owner of Hubert Lopez Heredia derivative products and distributor of originals and prints artwork.
A-Venture Capital is not a registered art-dealer, or financial advisor. The service LopezHeredia.com do not provide personal investment advice. LopezHeredia.com is a publicly available service that provides general information not specific or particular to any individual. Opinions, commentary, remarks, recommendations and other features comprising the Service are for informational purposes only and are provided without warranty of any kind.
Buying on LopezHeredia.com recommendations has potential rewards, but also potential risks. You must be aware of the risks and be willing to accept them in order to buy an artwork. Do not buy on LopezHeredia.com recommendations if it is not for your visual satisfaction or if  you can not afford to lose money. Nothing in our on LopezHeredia.com recommendations website content shall be deemed a solicitation or an offer to Buy/sell. No representation is being made that any collector will or is likely to achieve profits or losses based on prices listed on our LopezHeredia.com website.
The past quotes, appreciations or price trends of any LopezHeredia.com recommendations is not necessarily indicative of future  profits. Buying artwork on LopezHeredia.com recommendations involves high financial risks and you can lose a lot of money. You must consider the fact that in art market anything is possible and might bring some loss into your artwork value. We recommend buying artwork based on visual satisfaction. LopezHeredia.com  / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC does not guarantee to generate you profits. We cannot take responsibility for any losses on your artwork value. You must buy, collect and take sole responsibility to evaluate all information provided by LopezHeredia.com  / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC and use it at your own risk. By using LopezHeredia.com services, you understand and agrees that LopezHeredia.com / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC, its agents or employees shall not be liable for any losses of  profits either directly or indirectly as a result of using our LopezHeredia.com recommendations services .
All information provided by the Service is obtained from sources believed to be accurate and reliable. However, due to the number of sources from which information on the Service is obtained, and the inherent limitations of electronic distribution, there may be delays, omissions, or inaccuracies in such information. WE DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, TIMELINESS, CURRENTNESS, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDED THROUGH THE SERVICE.
Subscription
You will provide us with accurate and complete registration information and advise us promptly of any changes. If you do not, we will have the right to immediately terminate your subscription and use of the Service. When you register, you will receive a user name and password which we may assign or allow you to select. You may not select a user name which violates anyone’s rights or one, we consider in our sole discretion to be offensive, improper or inappropriate. If you do, we will have the right to modify or delete it. You will not give out user names and/or passwords to any other person.
THERE WILL BE NO REFUNDS ISSUED
All transactions are automatically processed and we will not refunds after 2 hours you placed your order. If your transaction is processed  and you have not informed us that you want to cancel it in the 2 hours window period – THERE WILL BE NO REFUNDS ISSUED.
License to Use
The artwork, and the content and information it provides, are the property of LopezHeredia.com  / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC. You are granted only a limited personal use license to access, use, display, the artwork you bought provided by the Service solely for your own personal non-commercial use, provided that it is not modified and all proprietary notices are kept intact. You may not reproduce, publish, translate, merge, sell, rent, distribute the artwork or its information, or create a derivative work of the artwork or information on any other web site or as part of any educational, training or reference materials, post such information to news groups, mail lists or electronic bulletin boards, or grant access to the Service to any other person, without LopezHeredia.com / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC prior written consent.
Access to Service
LopezHeredia.com  / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC do not guarantee that access to or use of the Service will be uninterrupted or error free, and shall not be liable for any unavailability of the Service. Portions of the Service may be discontinued, expanded, limited or modified at any time by us to meet the needs of our subscribers, or for technical or other reasons, without advance notice or reason.
Termination
LopezHeredia.com / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC reserves the right to cancel your order.
DAMAGES LIMITATION IN THE EVENT THAT LopezHeredia.com / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC IS FOUND LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER, THE LIABILITY OF LopezHeredia.coms / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC WILL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT THAT YOU HAVE PAID FOR THE SERVICES.
Assignment
This Agreement is personal to you, and you may not assign this Agreement, or any of your rights or obligations to anyone, and any such assignment without our consent shall be null and void.  LopezHeredia.com / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC shall have the right to assign this Agreement to a subsidiary or other affiliate.
Terms of Use
Minors We do not provide information or services to minors, and if you are under 18 you may only use this site with the active involvement of a parent, guardian or other supervising adult.
Web Site Content Limitations We make no guarantees as to the accuracy, thoroughness or quality of the information on this web site, which is provided only on an “AS-IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis at User’s sole risk. LopezHeredia.com  / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC shall not be responsible or liable for any errors, omissions or inaccuracies in the web site content. The information provided at this site are neither comprehensive nor appropriate for every individual. Some of the information is relevant only in France, Canada and the U.S., and may not be relevant to or compliant with the laws, regulations or other legal requirements of other countries. It is your responsibility to determine whether, how and to what extent your intended use of the information and services will be technically and legally possible in the areas of the world where you intend to use them. You are advised to verify any information before using it for any personal, financial or business purpose. The web site content and services may be modified at any time by us, without advance notice or reason, and Investopedia shall have no obligation to notify you of any corrections or changes to any web site content.
Third Party Content Any testimonials, opinions, advice, product or service offers, or other information or content made available on or through this web site by third parties (“Third Party Content”) are solely those of their respective providers and not of LopezHeredia.com  / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC which does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, reliability or usefulness of Third Party Content. It is the responsibility of the User to evaluate Third Party Content and LopezHeredia.com  / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC shall not be liable for any damage or loss caused by Users’ reliance on or other use of Third Party Content.
Viruses LopezHeredia.com  / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC does not guarantee that access through its web site will be free of infection or viruses or other code that may have contaminating or destructive properties. You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints to satisfy your particular requirements for integrity, security and accuracy of data input and output, and for maintaining a means external to the site for the reconstruction of any lost data.
Advertisers Are Not Endorsed Though we seek to partner with quality companies, we are not responsible for the claims or representations made by advertisers and sponsors. LopezHeredia.com  / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC does not review, endorse or recommend the products or services of any company mentioned on our site. We will not be liable in any way for damages of any kind resulting out of the misuse of any personal information or data submitted by you to an advertiser or sponsor.
Links As a convenience to Users, the LopezHeredia.com / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC web site and services may provide links to other sites or resources. Because we do not review or have no control over such sites and resources, LopezHeredia.com / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC shall not be responsible or liable for use of or reliance on any content, products, services or information at such sites or resources. Inclusion of any links does not imply any endorsement, affiliation, approval, association or sponsorship by LopezHeredia.com  / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC of the linked web sites, resources, their operators or owners. When you select a link, you may be leaving our web site. The information available on third parties’ web sites may have certain restrictions on its use or distribution which differ from these Terms of Use & Service.
Password Protected Areas Some areas of the LopezHeredia.com  / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC site (“Password Protected Areas”) are password protected and available only to Users who are registered with LopezHeredia.com / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC to have an account. Registration requires Users to fully complete the account registration process. LopezHeredia.com / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC reserves the right to deny or revoke registration or access to Password Protected Areas for any User. LopezHeredia.com  / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC takes reasonable measures to ensure the security of the Password Protected Areas but cannot guarantee the absolute security of information or communications in such Password Protected Areas. Users are responsible for maintaining the security of the password they receive from LopezHeredia.com / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC and must notify us if they believe that the security of their password or account has been breached or subject to unauthorized use. LopezHeredia.com / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC will not be liable for any loss or liability incurred as a result of an unauthorized person using a User’s password.
Privacy This web site may collect personal information from some Users. Because LopezHeredia.com / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC respects the privacy of its Users and their personal information, it has established the LopezHeredia.com  / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC Privacy Policy to protect your personal information.
Communications When you visit our web site or send us email, our responses to your communications will be by e-mail. All agreements, notices and communications that we provide to you by email will satisfy all legal requirements that they be in writing and delivered to you. LopezHeredia.com  / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC will have the right to disclose any email sent by a User, or any objectionable material, to comply with legal process or to protect the rights or property of LopezHeredia.com / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC, its customers, suppliers and Users.
Services Although LopezHeredia.com  / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC offers services in many parts of the world, certain LopezHeredia.coms  / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC services may not be available in or suitable for certain countries or locales. We reserve the right to discontinue or to make changes to, any of our services at any time without advance notice.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES LopezHeredia.com  / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, WITH RESPECT TO THE USE OF THIS WEB SITE AND ITS SERVICES, OR THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, TIMELINESS OR CURRENTNESS OF ITS CONTENT, IN ANY WAY AND FOR ANY PURPOSE.
EXCLUSION OF CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN NO EVENT WILL LopezHeredia.com / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR INDIRECT DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THIS WEB SITE OR ANY OF ITS SERVICES OR CONTENT, OR LOSS OF DATA, EVEN IF LopezHeredia.com  / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, PRODUCT LIABILITY, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE.
EXCLUSION OF LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES, OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, IN SUCH JURISDICTIONS LopezHeredia.com  / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC LIABILITY IS LIMITED TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
General These Term of Use & Service, and any applicable Term of Use & Service, constitute the entire agreement between each User and LopezHeredia.com  / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC governing the User’s access to and use of the web site and its services, and supersede all prior agreements regarding its subject matter. The Term of Use & Service shall be governed by the laws of Florida State, United States without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. Each User hereby attorns and agrees to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Florida State, United States . The failure by a User or LopezHeredia.com  / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC to exercise any right or to enforce any provision of the Term of Use & Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the Term of Use & Service is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, the court shall give effect to the intentions reflected in the provision to the degree possible, and the other provisions of the Term of Use & Service will remain in full force and effect. It is the express will of LopezHeredia.com  / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC and each User that the Term of Use & Service and any applicable Term of Use & Service have been prepared in English.
Website Policy
Web Site Data Collection Practices
Technical Information Collected
Every computer connected to the Internet is given a domain name and a set of numbers known as the “Internet Protocol” IP address. Like most web servers, when a visitor requests a page from any web site within the LopezHeredia.com  / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC Network our servers automatically recognize and log that visitor’s domain name, IP address, access times, referring web sites, platform, and browser type. This information reveals nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our site. We use these logs to provide statistics about our web site usage in aggregate, to assist us in the maintenance, design, and operation of our web site, and to investigate misuse of the LopezHeredia.com  / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC Network, its users, or to cooperate with law enforcement. We do not collect and evaluate this information for specific individuals. Our web servers do not automatically record e-mail addresses of the visitors.
Information on Cookies When using our sites, LopezHeredia.com / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC  or its advertisers may send a “cookie” to your computer. A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. A cookie can’t read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other web sites. Cookies do not damage your system. We use cookies to identify which areas of LopezHeredia.com  / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC Network of web sites you have visited, personalized or customized, so the next time you visit those pages may be readily accessible. Our advertisers may also use cookies to ascertain how many times you’ve seen an advertisement. We and our advertisers may use this information to better personalize the content and promotions that you see on our web site. You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your browser. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies, or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being sent. If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience at our site and other web sites will not work as intended.
Registration Data for LopezHeredia.com  / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC Services
LopezHeredia.com  / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC offers access to certain services, some that are free and others at a fee, which may require registration. We will use your registration contact information, which will be subject to our Privacy Policy, to send notices and announcements of LopezHeredia.com / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC products and services by e-mail and/or postal mail. We also may share that information with organizations (“our clients”) who may provide you promotional material that is related to the topic of the service for which you registered, unless you have chosen not to receive it. TO NOT RECEIVE ANY SUCH COMMUNICATIONS, MEMBERS SHOULD REQUEST THAT THEIR REGISTRATION BE CANCELLED. You can unsubscribe from our newsletters by following the instructions at the bottom of every email.
We maintain a strict “No-Spam” policy that means that we do not intend to sell, rent, or otherwise give your e-mail address to a third-party, without your consent. Advertisers never see your email address, and all communication goes through our servers to maintain your privacy.
Subscription Data for Third-Party Offers
Through our web site you may also subscribe to promotional announcements from our client organizations. Our site provides users the opportunity to choose or opt-out of receiving announcements or other communications from our client organizations at the point where we request information about the visitor. Some advertisers we work with are interested in acquiring leads for their sale force by providing offers that qualify visitors. With third-party offers, user data about our web site visitors who accept the offers is collected by our web servers and sent to the advertiser who then fulfills the offer. After data is sent to a third party offer advertiser we have no way to control how it is used because it has left our system, and cannot guarantee, or be liable for, any misuse of visitor data as a result of a third-party offer on our site. If you have experienced a problem with one of our advertisers, please tell us.
Single-pixel Images LopezHeredia.com  / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC and its advertisers may use single-pixel gif images, sometimes referred to as web bugs or web beacons, to count web page accesses and gather some general statistical information. LopezHeredia.com / A-VENTURE CAPITAL LLC does not gather personal information through the use of these images. Our advertisers may use single-pixel gifs that can track personal information from cookies that may have been previously placed on a user’s computer by an advertiser.
Our website uses Social Plugins (“Plugins”) from the social network, facebook.com, operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto; CA 94304, USA. The Plugins are recognizable through one of the Facebook logos (e.g., the white F on a blue tile or the “thumbs-up” symbol), or are labeled with the phrase: “Facebook Social Plugin.” The list and appearance of Facebook Social Plugins can be viewed at: https://developers.facebook.com/plugins. When you visit one of our webpages that contains such a Plugin, your browser makes a direct connection to Facebook’s servers. Facebook will transmit the contents of the Plugin directly to your browser and embed it in the website. Therefore, we have no influence over the range of data that Facebook collects through these Plugins and can, therefore, only inform you to the best of our knowledge: through the embedded Plugins, Facebook receives data pertaining to the correlating information you call up on our website. If you are logged into Facebook, Facebook can associate this information with your Facebook account. When you interact with the Plugins (for example, by clicking the like button or leaving a comment), the corresponding information is transmitted directly from your browser to Facebook, where it is saved. Even if you do not have a Facebook account, it might still be possible for Facebook to determine and save your IP address. For more information regarding the purpose and scope of the data collection, the further processing and use of the data by Facebook, your rights (and settings options) pertaining to the protection of your privacy, please consult Facebook’s privacy policy at: https//www.facebook.com/policy.php. If you have a Facebook account, but would not like Facebook to collect data about you through our website and connect it to the stored data for your profile, then you must log out of Facebook before visiting our website. It is also possible to block Facebook Social Plugins with browser add-ons, such as the “Facebook Blocker.”
EXCHANGE UP TO 2 WEEKS AFTER PURCHASE
You have two weeks (from receipt of your order) to notify us about your return or exchange request. The right to withdraw your order will be exercised without any penalty except for the return shipping cost.
To do so, please contact our customer services who will outline the procedure. Please take care to check that the photographs are in perfect condition and in their original packaging.
Once we have received your return, you have the following choices:
• To choose a new photograph of an equivalent value
• To receive a gift cheque for the equivalent amount.
Legal Info:
Contractual partner
Aventure Capital LLC.
48 Wall Street, Suite 1100
New York, NY 10005 USA
Tel : 1 212-918-4993
Fax: 1 212-937-3329
E-Mail: info@aventure-capital.com
info@lopezheredia.com
Brand
LopezHeredia.com is a registered trademark of Aventure Capital LLC.
Disclaimer
Aventure Capital LLC accepts no liability for the content of external links and external contents. We reserve the right to price increases, prior sales, errors and typing errors.
This legal info also applies to the Facebook page.