http://www.salisburycathedral.org.uk/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy PolicyThank you for reading our Privacy Policy.
You are hereHome » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Thank you for reading our Privacy Policy. As a living church, Salisbury Cathedral engages with thousands of visitors each year, from worshippers at the Cathedral to those attending a talk, workshop, exhibition or performance, or those simply wishing to visit the magnificent building.
In providing a wide-range of services and activities, Salisbury Cathedral processes personal data for a number of reasons. This can include managing the Cathedral congregational roll, managing specific events and bookings (such as when you book tickets for an event or use the Cathedral for a wedding, baptism or funeral), informing you of upcoming events at the Cathedral (such as art exhibitions, concerts and talks) and fundraising to maintain our iconic building and support the wide-range of activities that keep this historic place alive in the present.
This Privacy Policy sets out in more detail the ways we collect your personal data, how we use it and why. It also sets out the rights you have to control how your data is used.
Our Contact Details
This privacy policy relates to how Salisbury Cathedral uses your data. While our visitors see Salisbury Cathedral as one organisation, it is actually made up of a group of connected companies and charities. This enable us to deliver our work in the most efficient manner. This privacy policy relates to all of the companies and charities that make up Salisbury Cathedral, including:
Salisbury Cathedral
Salisbury Cathedral Trust
Salisbury Cathedral Works Department Ltd
Salisbury Cathedral Enterprises Ltd
Salisbury Cathedral Choristers' Endowments Fund
Salisbury Cathedral Choral Foundation
The Magna Carta Trust for Salisbury Cathedral
Salisbury Contemporary Craft
Should you ever have any questions about how Salisbury Cathedral uses your personal data, please do not hesitate to contact
PAtoChapterClerk@salcath.co.uk
or look at our Privacy Policy on the website
www.salisburycathedral.org.uk
Your Rights
When it comes to your personal data you have a number of rights, protected by data protection law. These are:
the right to be informed -to transparency as to how we use your data
the right of access -to request a copy of the information we hold about you. If you would like to request this, please contact
PAtoChapterClerk@salcath.co.uk
the right to rectification -to update or amend the data we hold about you
the right to erasure - to request that we delete or remove the data we hold about you (referred to as 'the right to be forgotten')
the right to restrict processing -to request that we cease processing your data
the right to data portability -to transfer the data we hold for your own purposes
the right to object -to object to us processing your data for certain purposes
Where you have provided consent for us to process your data, you have the right to withdraw consent at any time.
You can find out more about your rights by visiting the Information Commissioner's Office website - www.ico.org.uk. In particular, you might find the following guidance helpful -
https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/is-my-information-being-handled-correctly/
Should you have a complaint about the way we are processing your data, we encourage you to contact us in the first instance and we will investigate it. To make a complaint, to request a change to the way we process your data or to exercise any of your rights, please contact
PAtoChapterClerk@salcath.co.uk
We will make every effort to address your concerns. However, if you are not satisfied with our response you can make a complaint to the Information Commissioner's Office - https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
How we Collect your Data
We collect personal data from you when:
you consent to receiving information and marketing material from the Cathedral. This could be when you fill in a form during your visit, or via our website
you ask (and consent) to join the Congregational Roll
you complete a Gift Aid envelope and consent to join our mailing list
you book to attend an event, workshop or talk
you hire the Cathedral for a ceremony or private event
you make a donation to Salisbury Cathedral
you contact us to request further information
you volunteer with us
In each of these cases, the data you provide will be securely stored. Depending on the information you have provided and the purpose for us processing your data, this is likely to include your name, address, telephone number, email address, event booking information, donation amount, payment method, donation date and Gift Aid declaration.
If you have paid or donated by card we will hold this data to process the donation. In order to meet our financial reporting requirements, we securely store card details for transactions and donations made onsite at the Cathedral for 18 months. After this time, we will destroy this information. Transactions made online are processed by a third party. Salisbury Cathedral does not receive or store the card details for these transactions.
Data Received from Third Parties
In some cases we may also receive your personal data from a third party. We will only use this information where we have a legitimate interest in doing so. This includes:
From the Friends of Salisbury Cathedral (the Friends)
The Friends are a separate organisation, with their own Privacy Policy. However, the names and contact details of all subscribers to the Friends of Salisbury Cathedral are shared with Salisbury Cathedral. We hold this data for the purpose of running events as part of the Friends membership.
However, we know that many members of the Friends are also keen - and often expect - to hear more about news and events from the Cathedral. Therefore, the Friends' membership form includes the option to opt-in to receive news and updates from Salisbury Cathedral. If you opt-in you will be added to our mailing list.
From individuals connected with the Cathedral
Occasionally, individuals or organisations connected with the Cathedral share data with us of people they believe would be interested in hearing about specific events or the Cathedral's work more broadly. For example, this could include exhibiting artists wishing to invite people to a Private View, or one of our Cathedral champions suggesting people who they believe would be interested in supporting our work.
Where contact details have been provided for a specific purpose (such as inviting you to an event), we will ask if you would like to continue to receive information from us. If we do not hear from you, or if you tell us that you would not like to receive any further information, we will remove you from our mailing list. We will continue to keep a record of your data on our database. This enables us to make sure that you are not added to our mailing lists again by mistake (for example, should the same individual, or someone else recommend we contact you at a later date).
Where your details have been provided by a third party we will inform you how we received your data when we first contact you. We will also ensure you are made aware of our Privacy Policy.
Occasionally, individuals and organisations with an association with Salisbury Cathedral suggest individuals who they believe would have an interest in learning more about our work and events. This could include people they believe might be interested in supporting us financially as part of our fundraising efforts. In these cases, and where we have a legitimate interest in doing so, we will contact you to tell you more about the Cathedral's work and to invite you to an event or meeting to learn more about our work. We will also give you the option to opt-out of further communications from Salisbury Cathedral. Should you opt-out we will continue to keep a record of your data (suppressed) on our database. This enables us to make sure that you are not added to our mailing lists again by mistake (for example, should the same individual, or someone else recommend contacting you at a later date).
How we Process your Data
When you join our mailing list
As well as being a place of excellence in worship, Salisbury Cathedral hosts a wide-range of events and activities, including art exhibitions, concerts, talks and educational courses. We offer a mailing list service so that people can keep up-to-date with the things that interest them.
We know that our visitors have different interests. In order to give you as much control as possible over the information you receive, you will be given the option of consenting to receive information about three areas of Cathedral life when you join the mailing list. The three options are:
Information about Cathedral life (including services, events, music and fundraising)
Information for schools and educational bodies
Information for travel and tourism providers
All communications will include information about how to unsubscribe or update your preferences should you ever change your mind about what information you wish to receive from the Cathedral, and how you wish to receive this information.
In addition, we will contact you regularly (once every two years) to give you the opportunity to update your contact details and update your preferences.
For managing event bookings and private tour bookings
If you book a private tour or to attend a performance, workshop, talk, or other event at Salisbury Cathedral, we will process your personal data in order to manage the event and uphold the contract. This will include processing payments (where applicable), managing admittance and seating during the event, contacting you to confirm your booking and any logistics relating to the booking, and to contact you regarding any changes to the event.
Any credit card or other payment details will be safely destroyed once the payment has been processed.
We will hold your data on our database for two years following your event booking. This will speed up the process for you should you wish to attend events in future. At each event you will have the opportunity to opt-in to receive information about future events to ensure you never miss out. We will not contact you directly if you choose not to opt-in.
In order to maintain the required financial records, your invoices for hire are held for up to 7 years. This includes your name, address, information relating to your event and the invoice amount. After 7 years this information will be destroyed.
For managing hires at the Cathedral
If you hire the Cathedral or any of our facilities we will process your personal data to manage the booking, in order to uphold the contract. This will include corresponding with you to ensure the hire completely meets your needs, to make any necessary arrangements and to address any challenges that might arise during the hire.
We will hold your data on our database for two years following the hire. This will speed up the process for you should you wish to arrange a similar hire in future. Following the hire you will have the opportunity to opt-in to receive information from the Cathedral to ensure you never miss out. We will not contact you directly if you choose not to opt-in.
For the congregational roll
Membership of the Cathedral congregational roll makes you part of a living community of people seeking to be prayerful and compassionate proclaimers of the Christian faith. As a member you will receive information about Cathedral life, including information about services, worship, music, events and fundraising.
Membership of the congregational roll entitles you to vote for Deanery Synod members every three years and for members of the Cathedral community forum every year. By joining the congregational roll you consent to us contacting you with information about the vote.
When you make a donation
When you make a donation to support the work of the Cathedral, we will use your data to process and record your donation. We will also use your information to thank you for your gift and to send you information showing you the impact you have had. This may include inviting you to see the work first-hand or sending written updates on the work you have supported.
Card or payment details will only be kept for the purpose of processing your donation. Once this has been successfully processed, the information will be destroyed.
We know how important it is that supporters feel thanked for their gift, and see the impact it has had. All supporters will automatically receive our Supporters' Newsletter by post. If appropriate, we will also contact you to invite you to make future donations.
If you have kindly enabled us to claim Gift Aid, we will use your data to submit our return to HMRC. In order to claim the Gift Aid we must send HMRC your name, address, donation amount and donation date. This is used by HMRC for the purpose of ensuring your gift is eligible for Gift Aid and that you have paid the required amount of Income Tax or Capital Gains Tax.
For large donations we are required to carry out due diligence tests to ensure that we can accept the donation. This requires us to fully understand the source of the funding and the provenance of the funds to be donated. We will take reasonable steps to ensure we are meeting this requirement. This could include searching publicly available information or contacting third parties with whom you have an existing relationship.
Sharing data with Third Parties
Salisbury Cathedral will never sell your data to third party organisations. However, occasionally it is necessary to share your data with a third party in order to fulfil the activities outlined above. Whenever your data is shared with a third party we will take all reasonable steps to ensure that the third party only uses it for the purpose for which it has been shared. We will also take all reasonable steps to ensure that the data is transferred securely, without unintended loss or damage to your data.
Where data is shared, the third party will be providing a service on our behalf. Salisbury Cathedral will continue to be the data controller, with the third party acting as a data processor. In these situations we will take all reasonable steps to ensure that the third party securely destroys the data after the service has been provided.
We may share data with the following third parties:
event partners - some of our events are delivered in partnership with other organisations. It may be necessary to share the names and contact details of people attending the event with the partners for the purpose of managing and delivering the event.
mailing providers - due to the number of people on our mailing list it is not possible for us to process mailings at the Cathedral. We sometimes work with third party providers to print and post some of our mailings and e-newsletters.
Sage Pay and World Pay - as with many organisations of our size, we use third party service providers to manage our financial processing and accounting. Data is shared to process payments to the Cathedral, including event and ticket bookings, donations and venue hires.
Buying tickets online
Tickets bought via our website are processed by a third party. The data we receive from the third party includes your name, address and amount paid. We do not receive credit card details as they do not store this information after the payment has been processed.
Research and Data Accuracy
We may also occasionally partner with third party organisations to improve the quality of the data we hold. This could include:
Data Management and Accuracy
We know that your personal details might change. While we hope you will tell us should this occur, we know that this is not always possible. Sending out mailings to the wrong address can be costly to the Cathedral and frustrating for you (or the person who incorrectly receives your post). It is also not environmentally friendly.
Occasionally, we might work with a third party to audit and update the data we hold. This process involves screening the data we hold against publicly available records to identify and rectify any errors.
Publicly Accessible information
Occasionally we may wish to add publicly available information to your record, where this relates to your relationship and engagement with the Cathedral. This could include information about your interests, groups, family information and connections to other people within our database. This information could come from local or national media, social media accounts (including Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn), databases of directorships and the land registry.
We will only do this where processing the information is in our legitimate interest, and where processing will ensure that, subsequently, we are able to provide you with information that best matches your interests.
Research and Profiling
A vital part of our work is to secure much-needed funds for the protection and maintenance of the Cathedral building, and to ensure that Cathedral life continues to be vibrant and wide-ranging. In fact, it costs £14,000 per day to keep the Cathedral running.
We know that there are a lot of pressures on your time and finances, and that our supporters appreciate it when we offer well-researched fundraising propositions and appeals that match their specific interests. We also know that our supporters are keen that as much of their donation as possible goes toward supporting the life of the Cathedral. Tailoring our messages based on our supporters' interests enables us to fundraise in an efficient manner, thus reducing our costs. Therefore, it is in the interest of both Salisbury Cathedral and our supporters to ensure that our fundraising messaging and appeals are appropriately tailored.
In order to help us identify the most appropriate fundraising appeals and messages we may use your data to make estimates as to your potential ability and willingness to support our work. This includes considering your existing relationship with the Cathedral, your previous donations and your wider interests.
Occasionally, we may engage a third party to help us ensure we are fundraising as efficiently as possible. When we do, these partners screen our data against publicly available databases (including Companies House listings, the Land Registry and geo-demographic analyses). This information - together with our existing data - helps us to identify those most likely to support our work, and to use our fundraising resources most effectively.
Other uses of Personal Data at Salisbury Cathedral
The sections above provide information on how we use personal data primarily for direct marketing, events management and fundraising. However, there are other occasions when personal data is collected and processed as part of the delivery of Salisbury Cathedral's mission. This includes:
The use of CCTV at Salisbury Cathedral
The use of Cookies on the Salisbury Cathedral website
The collection of data during the recruitment of staff and volunteers
In addition to making this information available when the data is collected, we have also included it here for ease of access.
CCTV at Salisbury Cathedral
The Cathedral is an international tourist destination and place of Christian worship. In order to ensure the safety and security of people visiting and working at the Cathedral, we operate CCTV cameras which collect recognisable images of people. These are in the following locations: High Street Gate, lawn areas in front of the Cathedral and within the Cathedral main building
We carry out risk assessments for each camera, which notes the viewing area and the reason for the camera.
Signs informing people that CCTV is being used are in place and give the reason and a contact number for anyone who wants to know more.
We retain CCTV data for 30 days
Any person whose image is recorded on a CCTV system has a right to seek and be supplied with a copy of their own personal data from the footage. If you wish to request footage, please contact the Floor Manager at the Cathedral.
The Police may request CCTV footage from us and we may supply it but we will ensure that any request is confirmed in writing. Should the Police wish to view the footage on the premises, this action would fall outside data protection concerns.
In the future, the Cathedral may use an external security company that has access to our CCTV footage. Should this become the case, we will have a contract in place which details what the security company may do with the data, what security standards should be in place and what verification procedures may apply.
Cookies on our website -
www.salisburycathedral.org.uk
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. By browsing the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that is stored on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive.
We use the following cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies - These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services.
Analytical/performance cookies - They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.
You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.
We use Hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize this service and experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices (in particular device's IP address (captured and stored only in anonymized form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used to display our website). Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile. Neither Hotjar nor we will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user. For further details, please see Hotjar’s privacy policy by clicking on this link.
You can opt-out to the creation of a user profile, Hotjar’s storing of data about your usage of our site and Hotjar’s use of tracking cookies on other websites by following this opt-out link.
Updating our Privacy PolicyIn order to ensure our compliance with the relevant Data Protection regulations, and to reflect any changes to the way we process personal data, it may be necessary to update our Privacy Policy in future. Where the changes represent significant changes to the way we use your data, we will email you to outline how the privacy policy has changed and what this will mean for your data.
We will let you know of any other updates or changes via our newsletter.
This privacy policy was last updated in May 2018
What would you like to do next?
Read or watch sermons
Support us
Sign up for emails
Listen to services
News & Views
Christmas at the Cathedral: a season of comfort and joy
Cathedral services for Advent and Christmas 2020
Royal Visit to Salisbury Cathedral to mark 800th Anniversary
Forthcoming Events and Services
December 2020
«
»
Sun
Mon
Tue
Wed
Thu
Fri
Sat
1Spirit and EndeavourLive StreamsThe Cathedral that Moved Exhibition Salisbury Christmas Tree Trail
2Spirit and EndeavourLive StreamsThe Cathedral that Moved Exhibition Salisbury Christmas Tree Trail
3Spirit and EndeavourLive StreamsThe Cathedral that Moved Exhibition Salisbury Christmas Tree Trail Cathedral Christmas Trail
4Spirit and EndeavourLive StreamsThe Cathedral that Moved Exhibition Salisbury Christmas Tree Trail Cathedral Christmas Trail
5Spirit and EndeavourLive StreamsThe Cathedral that Moved Exhibition Salisbury Christmas Tree Trail Cathedral Christmas Trail
6Spirit and EndeavourLive StreamsThe Cathedral that Moved Exhibition Salisbury Christmas Tree Trail Cathedral Christmas Trail
7Spirit and EndeavourLive StreamsThe Cathedral that Moved Exhibition Salisbury Christmas Tree Trail Cathedral Christmas Trail
8Spirit and EndeavourLive StreamsThe Cathedral that Moved Exhibition Salisbury Christmas Tree Trail Cathedral Christmas Trail
9Spirit and EndeavourLive StreamsThe Cathedral that Moved Exhibition Salisbury Christmas Tree Trail Cathedral Christmas Trail
10Spirit and EndeavourLive StreamsThe Cathedral that Moved Exhibition Salisbury Christmas Tree Trail Cathedral Christmas Trail
11Spirit and EndeavourLive StreamsThe Cathedral that Moved Exhibition Salisbury Christmas Tree Trail Morning Prayer followed by the Eucharist (said)Choral Evensong sung by the Lay VicarsCathedral Christmas Trail
12Spirit and EndeavourLive StreamsThe Cathedral that Moved Exhibition Salisbury Christmas Tree Trail Morning Prayer followed by the Eucharist (said)Choral Evensong Cathedral Christmas Trail
13Spirit and EndeavourLive StreamsThe Cathedral that Moved Exhibition Salisbury Christmas Tree Trail Choral Evensong The Eucharist on the Third Sunday of Advent (said)The Eucharist on the Third Sunday of AdventMattins (said)Cathedral Christmas Trail
14Spirit and EndeavourLive StreamsThe Cathedral that Moved Exhibition Salisbury Christmas Tree Trail Cathedral Christmas TrailMorning Prayer followed by the Eucharist (said)Evening Prayer (said)
15Spirit and EndeavourLive StreamsThe Cathedral that Moved Exhibition Salisbury Christmas Tree Trail Cathedral Christmas TrailMorning Prayer followed by the Eucharist (said)Evening Prayer (said)Prayers for Justice and Peace
16Spirit and EndeavourLive StreamsThe Cathedral that Moved Exhibition Salisbury Christmas Tree Trail Cathedral Christmas TrailMorning Prayer followed by the Eucharist (said)Choral Evensong sung by the Cathedral Chamber Choir
17Spirit and EndeavourLive StreamsThe Cathedral that Moved Exhibition Salisbury Christmas Tree Trail Cathedral Christmas TrailMorning Prayer followed by the Eucharist (said)Choral Evensong sung by the Cathedral Chamber ChoirHoly CommunionFestive Late Night Opening
18Spirit and EndeavourLive StreamsThe Cathedral that Moved Exhibition Salisbury Christmas Tree Trail Cathedral Christmas TrailMorning Prayer followed by the Eucharist (said)Choral Evensong sung by the Lay Vicars
19Spirit and EndeavourLive StreamsThe Cathedral that Moved Exhibition Salisbury Christmas Tree Trail Cathedral Christmas TrailMorning Prayer followed by the Eucharist (said)Choral Evensong
20Spirit and EndeavourLive StreamsThe Cathedral that Moved Exhibition Salisbury Christmas Tree Trail Cathedral Christmas TrailChoral EvensongMattins (said)The Eucharist on the Fourth Sunday of Advent (said)The Eucharist on the Fourth Sunday of Advent
21Spirit and EndeavourLive StreamsThe Cathedral that Moved Exhibition Salisbury Christmas Tree Trail Cathedral Christmas Trail
22Spirit and EndeavourLive StreamsThe Cathedral that Moved Exhibition Salisbury Christmas Tree Trail FULLY BOOKED - A Service for Christmas with CarolsCathedral Christmas Trail
23Spirit and EndeavourLive StreamsThe Cathedral that Moved Exhibition Salisbury Christmas Tree Trail FULLY BOOKED - A Service for Christmas with CarolsCathedral Christmas Trail
24Spirit and EndeavourLive StreamsThe Cathedral that Moved Exhibition Salisbury Christmas Tree Trail FULLY BOOKED Festal Evensong on Christmas EveFULLY BOOKED - The First Eucharist of Christmas (Midnight Mass)Cathedral Christmas Trail
25Spirit and EndeavourLive StreamsThe Cathedral that Moved Exhibition Salisbury Christmas Tree Trail Festal Evensong on Christmas DayThe
Eucharist on Christmas Day (said)FULLY BOOKED The Eucharist on Christmas Day sung by the Cathedral ChoirCathedral Christmas Trail
26Spirit and EndeavourLive StreamsThe Cathedral that Moved Exhibition Salisbury Christmas Tree Trail Cathedral Christmas Trail
27Spirit and EndeavourLive StreamsThe Cathedral that Moved Exhibition Salisbury Christmas Tree Trail Cathedral Christmas Trail
28Spirit and EndeavourLive StreamsThe Cathedral that Moved Exhibition Salisbury Christmas Tree Trail Cathedral Christmas Trail
29Spirit and EndeavourLive StreamsThe Cathedral that Moved Exhibition Salisbury Christmas Tree Trail Cathedral Christmas Trail
30Spirit and EndeavourLive StreamsThe Cathedral that Moved Exhibition Salisbury Christmas Tree Trail Cathedral Christmas Trail
31Spirit and EndeavourLive StreamsThe Cathedral that Moved Exhibition Salisbury Christmas Tree Trail Cathedral Christmas Trail