https://www.pembrokeshirecoast.wales/planning/planning-policy/local-development-plan-2/local-development-plan-replacement-stages/
Jump to Main content
Highlight Links
High contrast Mode
Readable Fonts
Greyscale Mode
Invert Mode
XClose this tab
Search for:
Search
These are the stages in preparing a replacement Local Development Plan. Any proposed change in policy will be subject to public consultation in compliance with national policy, guidance and regulation.
Policies can be ultimately added, amended or deleted from the Plan by the appointed Inspector.
The Authority will follow the advice provided by Planning Policy Wales when considering the status of the emerging replacement Plan.
Plan Stage
Timescale
Review Report
Consultation ended: 18/05/16
Delivery Agreement
Consultation ended: 18/05/16
Candidate Sites
Consultation ended: 25/11/16
Preferred Strategy
Consultation ended: 21/07/17
Initial Consultation Report
Consultation ended 01/06/18
Deposit Plan
Consultation ended 01/06/18
Focussed Changes
Consultation ended 15/02/19
Consultation Report
Submission
Consultation ended 07/12/18
Examination
Hearing sessions have now closed.
Matters Arising Changes
Consultation ended 13/03/20
LDP2 Consultation Report
Inspector’s Report
Adoption
30/09/20
Discover more about Local Development Plan 2
Supplementary Planning Guidance (LDP2)
Read more
Sustainability Appraisal Scoping Report
The Sustainability Appraisal Scoping Report sets out the sustainability appraisal issues and objectives/criteria against which the Replacement Local D...
Read more
LDP Review Report
The Review Report sets out where changes are required, what needs to change and why, based on evidence.
Read more
Delivery Agreement
The Delivery Agreement is a public statement that contains a Timetable for preparing a Revision of a Local Development Plan setting out how and when s...
Read more
Community Council Workshops
Community and Town Councils can provide a central source of information for their local communities, help to raise awareness of the LDP process and ar...
Read more
Background papers
These Background Papers will be updated and added to throughout the preparation of the Plan.
Read more
Appraisal Processes
Environmental, Social and Economic Appraisals for Local Development Plan 2
Read more
Get In Touch
Contact us and register your details to get the latest updates on what's happening in the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park.
Contact Us
Cookie Policy
To help us make this website better, the cookie settings are set to ‘allow all cookies’. If you continue without changing these settings, you consent to this – for more information and to change this at any time, see our cookie policy and privacy policy.
I understand
View Basket
Checkout
Continue Shopping