http://www.carolinapottery.com/privacy-policy
My Account
Shopping Bag (0)
MENU
Store Departments
Outdoor LivingFloral & RibbonSeasonal & HolidayHome & DécorGifts & AccessoriesDining & KitchenShop Online
Featured ItemsBoutique - Candles - Face Masks - Gifts and Self-Care - Insulated DrinkwareSeasonal - All Things Christmas - Candles & Fragrances - Christmas Floral - Christmas Lights - Christmas Ribbon - Christmas Trees - Kitchen & Dining - Ornaments & Tree Toppers - Pillows & Poufs - Trucks, Campers & Tree Farm - Wreaths, Swags & GarlandsRibbon & Crafts - Burlap Ribbon - Christmas Ribbon & Crafts - Deco Mesh - Floral & Craft Supplies - Grapevine - Wired Ribbon - Wreath FormsFloral - Boxwood & Tealeaf - Stems & BushesHome Decor - Baskets & Containers - Bath Accessories - Blankets & Throws - Boho Decor - Candles & Fragrances - Ceramics & Glassware - Farmhouse Decor - Lights and Lamps - Nautical Decor - Pillows & Poufs - Signs & Wall Art - Wood MonogramsKitchen & Dining - Barware - Linens - Tabletop - Tools and GadgetsLawn & Garden - Bird Houses - Doormats - Lanterns - Planters - WindchimesPetsCollegiateIndoor RugsOutdoor RugsOutdoor FurnitureLifestyle ClubLocationsDIY/Design
My Account | Login
DIY/Design
Store Locator
Store Departments
Outdoor LivingFloral & RibbonSeasonal & HolidayHome & DécorGifts & AccessoriesDining & KitchenShop Online
Featured ItemsBoutique - Candles - Face Masks - Gifts and Self-Care - Insulated DrinkwareSeasonal - All Things Christmas - Candles & Fragrances - Christmas Floral - Christmas Lights - Christmas Ribbon - Christmas Trees - Kitchen & Dining - Ornaments & Tree Toppers - Pillows & Poufs - Trucks, Campers & Tree Farm - Wreaths, Swags & GarlandsRibbon & Crafts - Burlap Ribbon - Christmas Ribbon & Crafts - Deco Mesh - Floral & Craft Supplies - Grapevine - Wired Ribbon - Wreath FormsFloral - Boxwood & Tealeaf - Stems & BushesHome Decor - Baskets & Containers - Bath Accessories - Blankets & Throws - Boho Decor - Candles & Fragrances - Ceramics & Glassware - Farmhouse Decor - Lights and Lamps - Nautical Decor - Pillows & Poufs - Signs & Wall Art - Wood MonogramsKitchen & Dining - Barware - Linens - Tabletop - Tools and GadgetsLawn & Garden - Bird Houses - Doormats - Lanterns - Planters - WindchimesPetsCollegiateIndoor RugsOutdoor RugsOutdoor FurnitureLifestyle ClubLocationsDIY/Design
Privacy Policy
This website ("Website") is owned and operated by Marsh Pottery LLC ("Company").At this Website, Company may collect both personally identifiable and non-personal information. This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for Company. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by this Website. It will notify you of the following:What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the Website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.Information Collection, Use, and Sharing We are the sole owners of the information collected on this Website. We only have access to/collect personally-identifiable information, such as your name, address, telephone number and credit card number, etc. that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.We may also automatically collect non-personal information about visitors to our Website, including how many people visit the Website, which pages they access, the information they download, the type of browser and operating system they use, the name of their internet service provider and other general information. This information enables us to best develop our Website to meet the needs of our customers and visitors.Disclosure of Information We will disclose information in cases where we believe in good faith that it is necessary to prevent a crime or an injury or financial loss to ourselves or to third parties or where we are required pursuant to a court order, subpoena or otherwise required by law. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this Privacy Policy.Your Access to and Control Over Information You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number provided on our Website:Confirm what data we have about you, if any.Change/correct any data we have about you.Have us delete any data we have about you.Express any concern you have about our use of your data.Please keep in mind that to protect your privacy and security, we may take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you access to any personally identifiable information or "opt out" capabilities.Security We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the Website, your information is protected both online and offline.Whenever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us securely. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the Website.While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.Registration
In order to use this Website, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about the products/services on our Website in which you have expressed interest. At your option, you may also provide demographic information (such as gender) about yourself, but it is not required. To enable you to participate in surveys or contests, as more fully described below, you may be required to provide your age for verification and eligibility purposes.
Orders
We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (such as your name and shipping address) and financial information (such as your credit card number and expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you. Cookies and "Passive" Collection We use "cookies" on this Website. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our Website and identify repeat visitors to our Website. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our Website. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our Website. Use of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our Website. Some of our business partners may use cookies on our Website (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.We may also use a tool called "web beacons" on this Website. Web beacons are Internet tools that help us determine various types of non-personal information. When you ask us to send you information on a promotion or via newsletters, web beacons may be used to determine how many of the messages sent were actually opened. We may also passively collect such other non-personal information as the IP address of your computer and the type of browser that you are using. Third Party Access to Data
We share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order. Links
This Website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our Website and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information. Surveys and Contests
From time-to-time our Website requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose personally identifiable and demographic information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code and, age). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. All contests conducted on our Website are subject to the terms and conditions of each individual contest. Please note that the official rules for a given contest may have additional information and requirements related to privacy. In particular, children under 13 years old who would like to enter a contest, if permitted by the official rules, will need the consent of a parent or guardian and must comply with other procedures pursuant to the law. Please review the official contest rules carefully. In the event of any differences between a contest's official rules or this Privacy Policy or this Website's Terms of Service, the official rules will govern.Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this Website.Children We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under age 13 on this Website. Some of the contests, sweepstakes and promotions available on or through this Website are open to children under age 13.Always refer to the official rules to determine eligibility and privacy practices for that contest, sweepstakes or promotion. If you are under age 18, please be sure to ask your parents for assistance before ordering anything through this Website or providing any personally identifiable information.UpdatesOur Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.ContactFor general contact, you may use the Contact Us page on our Website. If you have any other questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us immediately via telephone at 704-494-8801 ext. 10. In addition, as noted herein, we may have several third parties collecting or maintaining personal information. Other third parties that may be involved in the collection or maintenance of personal information are BB&T, Authorize.net, and UPS.
Join Now and Get 10% Off Your First Purchase!
Subscribe
* indicates required
Email Address
*
First Name
Last Name
Nearest Store Location
Augusta, GA
Myrtle Beach, SC
Smithfield, NC
West Columbia, SC
I do not live near a store