https://www.thedreamweaver.co.uk/tc-privacy/
Including Website Privacy Policy and social media privacy policy.“Stuart Ashing International” operates this website and trades as “The Dreamweaver”We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website and social media visitors; this policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.Stuart Ashing International reserves the right to gather information relating to site usage. Any information gathered is primarily for internal use to allow us to refine and improve our customer service. Where information will be disclosed to a third party, we will, where possible, ensure that this is clearly indicated. This does not affect your statutory rights.The Dreamweaver website contains links to external sites not owned or managed by us. We cannot be held responsible for the content or for the privacy of any external sites.(1) What information do we collect?We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal data:1. Information about your visits to and use of this website and visits from social media;2. Information about any transactions carried out between you and us on or in relation to this website and visits from social media; including facebook lead adverts and general adverts.3. Information that you provide to us with explicit consent for the purpose of registering with us, and/or subscribing to our website services, facebook services, and/or email notifications. This is handled in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). GDPR has been put together to protect the privacy and data of EU citizens. It replaces the Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC, and aims to harmonise and broaden the reach of EU data protection law across Europe. Your rights under the new law here.4. Information supplied with your explicit consent via email, contact and sign up forms. Handled in compliance with the GDPR.5. Facebook lead adverts. information from Facebook lead adverts is handled in compliance with their terms of service and privacy.General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) for EU Citizens.The GDPR provides the following rights for individuals:The right to be informedThe right of accessThe right to rectificationThe right to erasureThe right to restrict processingThe right to data portabilityThe right to objectRights in relation to automated decision making and profiling.Contact us by email or phone or by mail to make any changes etc, details at the foot of this page.Detailed regulations here…………………………….(2) Information about website and social media visitsWe may collect information about your computer and your visits to this website such as your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and number of page views. We may use this information in the administration of this website, to improve the website’s usability.We use cookies on this website. A cookie is a text file sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The text file is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.We may send a cookie which may be stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. We may use the information we obtain from the cookie in the administration of this website, to improve the website’s usability. We may also use that information to recognise your computer when you visit our website, and to personalise our website for you.Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. (For example, in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookie by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector.) This will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.CookiesCookies are pieces of data containing a unique, anonymous identifier, created when you visit a site. They are stored in the cookie directory of your hard drive and do not necessarily expire at the end of your session. Cookies used by “The Dreamweaver ” website contain no personal information about the user, nor does our website elicit or store any information from users other than the Internet Protocol address of the computer used to access the site.Cookies on this site may safely be turned off by users without affecting how pages are displayed. Cookies can be disabled by adjusting your web browser settings. However if you choose not to accept cookies, some parts of our web site may not work properly.Our cookies help us to:Make our website work as you’d expectRemember your settings during and between visitsImprove the speed/security of the siteAllow you to share pages with social networksContinuously improve our website for youWe do not use cookies to:Collect any personally identifiable information (without your express permission)Collect any sensitive information (without your express permission)Pass data to advertising networksPass personally identifiable data to third partiesPay sales commissionsIf the settings on your software that you are using to view this website (your browser) are adjusted to accept cookies, we take this, and your continued use of our website, to mean that you are fine with this.Cookies we useThe following section explains which Cookies Stuart Ashing International uses and why we use them.Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager and Google AdWordsThese cookies are used to collect analytical information about how visitors use the Website. All web traffic and usage information is collected in an aggregate and anonymous form. We use this information for analytical purposes to evaluate the performance of our marketing campaigns, to compile reports and to make improvements to website content and user experience. All data collected is anonymous. For more information on Google Analytics cookie usage, please visit their website.This website uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the “Dreamweaver ” website. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you canopt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings orpermanently using a browser plugin.Hotjar AnalyticsWe may make use of the Hotjar service to understand how users navigate around individual pages on our site. Further information on how Hotjar uses cookies is available here.OptinmonsterWe may use Optinmonster to serve pop-up messages to you on our Website. Optinmonster uses cookies to make sure that we do not irritate you by serving you messages too often. You can read more about the cookies Optinmonster uses here.Social media cookiesIn order to enhance your internet experience and to make the sharing of content easier, some of the pages on this website contain tools or applications that are linked to third party social media service providers such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Pinterest, Instagram, Twitter or Google+. These cookies enable in-depth campaign reporting and to track social network users when they visit our websites by using a tagging mechanism provided by those social networks. These cookies can also be used for event tracking and remarketing purposes. Any data collected with these tags will be used in accordance with our privacy policy and with the social network’s privacy policies by using the tags. Stuart Ashing International will not collect or store any personally identifiable information from the user.Active CampaignStuart Ashing International maintains the “Dreamweaver” Mailing List to inform subscribers of news and information on Stuart Ashing International activities and programmes and to provide them with other information that may be of interest. The Stuart Ashing International Mailing List is hosted by activecampaign, a private company, unaffiliated with Stuart Ashing International. Please be advised that any information you share with Stuart Ashing International or activecampaign when you sign up for the mailing list will be available to activecampaign. It is both Stuart Ashing International’s policy and activecampaign’s policy not to sell, disclose or rent this information to third parties. To view activecampaign’s full privacy policy, please use this link.All of email lists require your explicit permission to recieve emails from them.to stop any email or sequence simply click unsubscribe in the email or contact us directly by email and request STOP.Acuity Scheduling SoftwareAs an additional service to our clients, we use Acuity Scheduling Software. By setting up an appointment through this system, you give your explicit agreement for us to contact you and for you to abide by the Terms and Conditions https://acuityscheduling.com/tos.php and Privacy Policy https://acuityscheduling.com/privacy.php of Acuity Scheduling Software. If you do not wish to use this service or agree with its terms, please contact us for bookings via our website contact pageGeneral Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) for EU Citizens.All our email and customer management systems are subject to the GDPR for E.U. Citizens.The GDPR provides the following rights for individuals: Prohibiting the collection of cookiesIf you would like to prevent the “Dreamweaver” from collecting cookies when you visit our site, please update the privacy setting in your chosen web browser. You can directly control cookie acceptance from there:Google ChromeMozilla FirefoxInternet ExplorerSafari………………………………………..(3) Using your personal dataPersonal data submitted to this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website. In addition to the uses identified elsewhere in this privacy policy, we may use your personal information to:1. Improve your browsing experience by personalising the website;2. Provide other organisations with statistical information about our users – but this information will not be used to identify any individual user.We will not without your express consent provide your personal information to any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing.………………………………………..(4) Other disclosuresIn addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere in this privacy policy, we may disclose information about you:1. To the extent that we are required to do so by law;2. In connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;3. In order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);4. Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to third parties.…………………………………………….(5) Security of your personal dataWe will take reasonable precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. Of course, data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.……………………………………………..(6) Policy amendmentsWe may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes.………………………………………………..(7) Third party websitesThe website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies of third party websites.…………………………………………………………………….(8) Our contact detailsPlease see footer of each web page for our contact details.…………………………………………………………………….Website Disclaimer(1) IntroductionThis disclaimer governs your use of our website; by using our website, you accept this disclaimer in full. If you disagree with any part of this disclaimer, do not use our website.(2) Intellectual property rightsUnless otherwise stated, we or our licensors own the intellectual property rights in the website and material on the website. Subject to the licence below, all our intellectual property rights are reserved.(3) Licence to use websiteYou may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages from the website, provided that:1. You must not republish material from this website (including republication on another website), or reproduce or store material from this website in any public or private electronic retrieval system;2. You must not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell, visit, or otherwise exploit our website or material on our website for a commercial purpose, without our express written consent;(4) Limitations of liabilityThe information on this website is provided free-of-charge, and you acknowledge that it would be unreasonable to hold us liable in respect of this website and the information on this website.Whilst we endeavor to ensure that the information on this website is correct, we do not warrant its completeness or accuracy; nor do we not commit to ensuring that the website remains available or that the material on this website is kept up-to-date.To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions (including, without limitation, the conditions implied by law of satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and the use of reasonable care and skill).Our liability is limited and excluded to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law. We will not be liable for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage arising under this disclaimer or in connection with our website, whether arising in tort, contract, or otherwise – including, without limitation, any loss of profit, contracts, business, goodwill, reputation, data, income, revenue or anticipated savings.However, nothing in this disclaimer shall exclude or limit our liability for fraud, for death or personal injury caused by our negligence, or for any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.(5) VariationWe may revise this disclaimer from time-to-time. Please check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current version.(6) Entire agreementThis disclaimer constitutes the entire agreement between you and us in relation to your use of our website, and supersedes all previous agreements in respect of your use of this website.(7) Law and jurisdictionThis notice will be governed by and construed in accordance with Spanish law, and any disputes relating to this notice shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Spain.(8) Our contact detailsPostal address:Stuart Ashing InternationalPap Martin 282Calle Gerald Brenan 46Alhaurín el GrandeMalaga 29120Telf: +34 952490003UK: 023 8106 0717 (8) Our contact detailsPostal address:Stuart Ashing -The DreamweaverCalle los AlmendrosAlhaurín el GrandeMalaga 29120Telf: +34 952490003UK: 023 8106 0717