https://www.teepublishing.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Shopping Cart : 0 Items | £0.00 | Checkout
Home
About us
| |
All Books
New Books
Rare/Out of Print Books
Title, author, or keyword
What´s New
Our New Books
Rare & Out of Print Books
EIM Back Issues
Rare & Out of Print Magazines
Additional Information
About Us
Contact Us
Exhibitions We Attend
Request a Catalogue
Postage
Terms & Conditions
These are the terms by which we do business. They do not affect your statutory rights but are designed to set out clearly our responsibilities and your rights.
1. A contract is formed between us when (and not before) we receive authorisation of your credit or debit card payment or your cheque has been cleared.
2. The price of the ordered goods shall be as stated plus postage and packing as indicated by the postage code (UK). Overseas postage will be calculated according to weight. All payments must be in pounds Sterling.
3. The ordered goods will be delivered to the address entered by you on the on-line order form. Goods will normally be dispatched within quoted guidelines. However, time for delivery shall not be of the essence and we shall not be liable for any delay in delivery. If we are not able to dispatch any ordered goods within the quoted guidelines, we shall promptly notify you and suggest a revised dispatch date for such goods and if this is not acceptable to you, we shall refund in full your payment in respect of such goods. Other goods ordered by you will be dispatched in the normal way.
4. Trades Descriptions Act 1968: We have endeavoured to describe the books correctly. Errors and omissions are unintentional. Book descriptions are based on publishers' descriptions and our own knowledge of the title. Any claim by you that goods fail to correspond with the description on this website or that they are defective or not of satisfactory quality, must be notified to us by Email or letter within 7 days from the date of delivery.
5. If you make a valid claim under paragraph 4, we shall replace the goods in question free of charge or, at your request, refund in full your payment in respect of such goods. Such replacement or refund is conditional upon the goods in question having been returned to us unused and undamaged within seven days.
6. If you wish to return any ordered goods for any other reason, you will be responsible for the cost of returning the goods to us. We will refund your payment for such goods after deducting a 15% administration charge subject to you dispatching such goods back to us, at your cost and with proof of posting within 7 days of delivery to you and our receiving the goods back unused and in undamaged condition. The goods will be your responsibility until they reach us. Risk of damage to or loss of such goods shall pass to us at the time of delivery to us.
7. Any communication between us shall be by Email or first class post to our current Email or postal address (as given on this website at the time of such communication) or the Email or postal address given in your order form (or any new Email or postal address which you may have notified to us).
8. We reserve the right to vary these terms at any time but, in respect of any ordered goods, the terms which apply shall be those which you accepted when you placed your order.
9. If any provision of these terms is held by any competent authority to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, the validity of the other provisions of these terms and the remainder of the provision in question shall, to the extent permitted by law, not be affected thereby.
10. The contract formed by our acceptance of your order shall be governed by the laws of England and we and you both submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.Availability of goods you orderIf TEE Publishing has insufficient stock to deliver the goods ordered by you, we will notify you as soon as possible and any sum debited by TEE Publishing from your credit card will be re-credited to your account and TEE Publishing will notify you by email at the address given by you in your order form. The refund will be made as soon as possible and in any event within 30 days of your order.TEE Publishing will not be obliged to offer any additional compensation for disappointment suffered.
Please note: we endeavour to bring our customers the best value we can by running special offers, but please remember stocks are limited at the special offer price, and subject to availability. We update our website as quickly as we can to minimise disappointment. The process of updating the website when goods have sold out at promotional price can take a few hours to update.
Please note that the price the goods are offered for tender are as displayed in the Shopping Basket.
Multi-buy offersPrices exclude postage and packing. Promotions apply to listed titles only, which are subject to change and availability. If you choose to purchase a product from a multi-buy offer but do not purchase enough products to qualify for the special discount the product will be charged at the normal price. Please note that on 3 for 2 promotions (and other multi-buy offers) the lowest priced title will always be the 'free' item.Delivery of goods to youa. TEE Publishing will post, or arrange a courier on your behalf, for the goods ordered by you to the person and address you give TEE Publishing at the time you place your order.
For goods delivered outside of the EU the consignee (ie the person to whom the consignment is sent) will be the declarant and importer into the country for which the consignment is destined. The consignee will be responsible for both customs clearance and payment of customs duties and local taxes where required. Delivery will be made as soon as possible after your order is accepted and in any event within 30 days of despatch of the order. All delivery times quoted on the website are estimates only based on availability, normal processing and delivery companies. You will become the owner of the goods you have ordered when the goods are despatched to you from our distribution centre.Customs chargesIf you are ordering goods for delivery outside of the EU please note that your consignment may be subject to import duties and taxes which are levied once the goods reach the country of destination. Any such charges levied in relation to customs clearance must be borne by you. It is accepted by you that TEE Publishing has no control over additional charges in relation to customs clearance.
TEE Publishing recommend that you check with your local customs officials or post office for more information regarding importation taxes/duties that may be applicable to your online order.LiabilityThis is as follows:a. If the goods TEE Publishing delivers are not what you ordered or are damaged or defective or the delivery is of an incorrect quantity TEE Publishing shall have no liability to you unless you notify TEE Publishing of the problem, in writing, to info@teepublishing.co.uk within 7 working days of the delivery of goods in question.
If you do not receive goods ordered by you within 30 days of the date on which they were despatched to you, TEE Publishing shall have no liability to you unless you notify TEE Publishing in writing at the TEE Publishing contact address of the problem within 40 days of the date on which the goods were despatched to you. If you notify a problem to TEE Publishing under this condition TEE Publishing’s only obligation will be, at its option, to make good any shortage or non-delivery; to replace or repair any goods that are damaged or defective; or to refund to you the amount paid by you for the goods in question to the original method of payment, unless such method is no longer valid in which case TEE Publishing e-coupons will be issued to the value of the refund due. TEE Publishing will not be liable to you for any indirect or consequential loss or damage arising out of any problem you notify to TEE Publishing under this condition and TEE Publishing shall have no liability to pay any money to you by way of compensation other than to refund to you the amount paid by you for the goods in question under paragraph above. Nothing in this condition is, however, intended to limit any rights you might have as a consumer nor in any way to exclude or limit TEE Publishing’s liability to you.Nothing in this contract creates any right which is enforceable by any person who is not a party to the contract.
Force MajeureTEE Publishing shall have no liability to you for any failure to deliver goods you have ordered or any delay in doing so or for any damage or defect to goods delivered that is caused by any event or circumstance beyond its reasonable control.InvalidityIf any part of these conditions is unenforceable (including any provision in which TEE Publishing excludes its liability to you) the enforceability of any other part of these conditions will not be affected.
ComplaintsTEE Publishing operate a complaints handling procedure which is used to try to resolve disputes when they first arise. If you have a complaint, please contact the Customer Services at the following address:TEE Publishing Ltd, The Fosse, Fosse Way, Leamington Spa, Warwickshire, CV31 1XN
Governing LawThe contract between us shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with English law and the English courts shall have jurisdiction to resolve any disputes between us.
Entire AgreementThese terms and conditions, together with the current TEE Publishing website prices, delivery details and TEE Publishing contact details, set out the whole of our agreement relating to the supply of the goods to you by TEE Publishing. These terms and conditions cannot be varied except in writing signed by a director of TEE Publishing. In particular nothing said by any sales person on behalf of TEE Publishing should be understood as a variation of these terms and conditions or as an authorised representation about the nature or quality of any goods offered for sale by TEE Publishing. TEE Publishing shall have no liability for any such representation being untrue or misleading.DisclaimerTEE Publishing Ltd is providing this site on an 'as is' basis and makes no representation or warranties of any kind with respect to this site or its contents and disclaims all such representations and warranties. In addition TEE Publishing Ltd makes no representation or warranties about the accuracy, completeness, or suitability for any purpose of the information and related graphics published.
All liability of TEE Publishing Ltd howsoever arising for any such inaccuracies or errors is expressly excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law. Neither TEE Publishing Ltd nor any of it's directors, employees or other representatives will be liable for loss or damage arising out of or in connection with the use of this site. This is a comprehensive limitation of liability that applies to all damages of any kind, including (without limitation) compensatory, direct, indirect or consequential damages, loss of data, income or profit, loss of or damage to property and claims of third parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of the exclusions and limitations in the clause are intended to limit the rights you may have as a consumer under local law or other statutory rights.It is a condition of TEE Publishing Ltd ('Company') allowing you free access to the material on this website that you accept the terms and conditions of this notice. The intellectual property rights in all material displayed on this website are owned by the Company and/or its content and technology providers (as the case may be). You may print or download extracts of the materials on this website for your personal use. Any other use of material on this website is strictly forbidden. You will be liable for any damage or harm arising from any infringement of intellectual property rights, whether belonging to the Company or any other third party, if that damage or harm results from your act, omission or default. Information on this website is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement. All such warranties are excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you. This disclaimer does not apply to goods purchased through this website (to which our terms and conditions of business shall apply).
Information on this website may be incomplete, out of date or inaccurate and may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Information may be changed or updated without notice. The Company makes no representations whatsoever about any other website which you may access through this one. When you access a website which does not belong to the Company, please understand that it is independent from the Company, and that the Company has no control over the contents of that website. In addition, a link to a non-Company website does not mean that the Company endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content, or the use, of such website. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the company excludes liability to any party for any indirect, special or other consequential damages for any use of this website or on any other hyper-linked website including, without limitation, any lost profits, business interruption, loss of programs or other data on your information handling system or otherwise.Promotional discount codes
We may occasionally offer discount codes to customers.Discount codes are exclusive of online postage and packaging and can only be used once per person with one discount code to be used per transaction. Discount codes cannot be used with any other voucher, coupon or offer. Discount codes can only be used at time of purchase and not retrospectively. We reserve the right to withdraw codes at any time. All discount codes are subject to their own terms and conditions.CopyrightAll web site design, and text and images, the selection and arrangement thereof, and all software compilations, underlying source code, software (including applets) and all other material on this web site are copyright of TEE Publishing Ltd and its affiliates, or their content and technology providers.
All rights reserved.Permission is granted to electronically copy and to print in hard copy portions of this web site for the sole purpose of placing an order with TEE Publishing Ltd or using this web site as a information resource. Any other use of materials on this web site, including reproduction for purposes other than those noted above, modification, distribution, or republication, without the prior written permission of TEE Publishing Ltd is strictly prohibited.Privacy and Data Protection
TEE Publishing Ltd has created this privacy policy as part of our commitment to protect any personal information which you may provide to us through this website or by any other means.We do not sell or otherwise trade any customer contact information with other businesses. The information asked for on our online order forms is used to process your enquiries and orders and to contact you when necessary.We will only disclose your personal information if we are required to by law, regulation or legal process. If required to do so we will ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this Privacy Notice and the UK's Data Protection Act.
This website may from time to time use, Cookies. Cookies do not personally identify users but they do identify a user's computer. They are pieces of information that a website transfers to your computer's hard disk which store information about your preferences on a particular site. If you prefer, you can set your browser to refuse Cookies.
To have your name removed from our database or to change personal information previously provided, Email us at info@teepublishing.com.  If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, please Email us at info@teepublishing.co.uk or write to: TEE Publishing Ltd, The Fosse, Fosse Way, Radford Semele, Leamington Spa, CV31 1XN, England
Links to other web sites Certain links, including hypertext links, in our web site will take you outside our web site. Links are provided for your convenience and inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement or approval by us of the linked site, its operator or its content. We are not responsible for the content of any web site outside our web site. If you have any queries concerning the conditions of use, please contact TEE Publishing Ltd.
Home
Our New Books
About Us
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Copyright © 2020 Tee Publishing, All Rights Reserved
VAT No - 328 0133 89.    Registration No - 04245481.