http://www.tesol.org/privacy-policy
Join
Log in
Support TESOL|
About TESOL|
Contact TESOL
This website uses cookies. A cookie is a small piece of code that gives your computer a unique identity, but it does not contain any information that allows us to identify you personally. For more information on how TESOL International Association uses cookies, please read our privacy policy. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can opt out by changing your browser settings.
Accept
Advancing Excellence in English Language Teaching
Read & Publish
Bookstore
TESOL Bookstore
Book Ordering Policies
About TESOL Press
Examination Copy Policy
Book Bundles
TESOL's 6 Principles
New Ways Series
Journals
For Libraries
Other Serial Publications
Grammatically Speaking
Grammatically Speaking, October 2009
Grammatically Speaking, June 2009
Grammatically Speaking, March 2009
Grammatically Speaking, December 2008
Grammatically Speaking, June 2008
Grammatically Speaking, March 2008
Grammatically Speaking, December 2007
Grammatically Speaking, September 2007
Grammatically Speaking, June 2007
Grammatically Speaking, March 2007
Grammatically Speaking, December 2006
Grammatically Speaking, September 2006
Grammatically Speaking, June 2006
Grammatically Speaking, March 2006
Grammatically Speaking, December 2005
Grammatically Speaking, September 2005
Grammatically Speaking, June 2005
Grammatically Speaking, March 2005
Grammatically Speaking, Winter 2004
Grammatically Speaking, Autumn 2004
Grammatically Speaking, Summer 2004
Grammatically Speaking, Spring 2004
Grammatically Speaking, Winter 2003
Grammatically Speaking, September 2008
Essential Teacher, Volume 6 (2009)
Essential Teacher, Volume 5 (2008)
Essential Teacher, Volume 4 (2007)
Essential Teacher, Volume 3 (2006)
Essential Teacher, Volume 2 (2005)
Essential Teacher, Volume 1 (2003-2004)
TESOL Journal
TJ Member Access
Meet the TESOL Journal Editor
Contact TESOL Journal
TJ Special 2020 Issue: Call for Proposals
TJ Special 2020 Issue: Call for Proposals: Social Justice
TJ Special 2021 Issue: Call for Proposals
TJ Special 2021 Issue: Call for Abstracts: Incidental and Informal Vocabulary Learning
TJ Special 2022 Issue: Call for Special Issue Proposals
TESOL Quarterly
Individual Subscriptions to TESOL Quarterly
How to Get Copies of TESOL Quarterly Articles
TESOL Quarterly Research Guidelines
Qualitative Research: Case Study Guidelines
Qualitative Research: Conversation Analysis Guidelines
Qualitative Research: (Critical) Ethnography Guidelines
Quantitative Research Guidelines
Informed Consent Policy Statement and Release
TESOL Research Agenda, August 2004 (PDF)
Contact TQ Editorial Staff
Special-Topic Issues of TESOL Quarterly
Back Issues Order Form (PDF)
TQ Editor Search
Newsletters & Other Publications
TESOL Connections
Current Issues of TESOL Connections
TESOL Connections Archives (M)
Submit Features or Resources for TESOL Connections
TESOL Connections Monthly Giveaway
TC Call for Grammar Columnist
English Language
Bulletin
Interest Section Newsletters
AL Forum Newsletter
AL Forum Submission Guidelines
Bilingual Basics (B-MEIS)
Bilingual Basics Submission Guidelines
Pre-K-12 News
EEIS News Submission Guidelines
ESP News
ESP News Submission Guidelines
Global Neighbors (EFLIS)
Global Neighbors Submission Guidelines
HEIS News
HEIS News Submission Guidelines
ICIS News
ICIS News Submission Guidelines
IEPIS Newsletter
IEPIS Newsletter Submission Guidelines
ITAIS Newsletter
ITAIS Newsletter Submission Guidelines
On CALL
On CALL Submission Guidelines
Secondary Accents
Secondary Accents Submission Guidelines
SLW News
SLW News Submission Guidelines
TSR Newsletter
TSR Newsletter Submission Guidelines
SSDIS Newsletter
TESOL Professional Papers and Briefs
TESOL Blog
Call for TESOL Bloggers
Rights and Permissions
Permissions FAQs
TESOL Web Linking Policy for Outside Entities
Standards
Information for Authors
Submission Guidelines for Authors of Book Proposals
Connect to TESOL
Communities of Practice
TESOL Affiliate Network
Worldwide Affiliate Directory
Worldwide Affiliate Directory -- U.S. Affiliates
Worldwide Affiliate Directory -- Russian Affiliates
Worldwide Affiliate Directory -- Indian Affiliates
Colombian Affiliates
Affiliate Member Information
Affiliate News
Affiliate News, November 2010
Affiliate News: February 2010
TESOL Affiliate Network FAQ
Member Directory
TESOL Resource Center
Submit a Resource
myTESOL
Attend & Learn
International Convention
Dates & Locations for Past TESOL Conventions
Call for Proposals: Doctoral Forum
Call for Proposals: Master's Student Forum
Online Courses & Seminars
Technology Requirements for TESOL Online Courses
Registration Terms and Conditions for Online Courses
Register for an Online Course by Fax or Mail
Disclaimer for TESOL Certificate Programs
Requirements for Completion of TESOL Online Course
Continuing Education Units (CEUs)
Digital Credentials
Academies, Conferences & Symposiums
Upcoming TESOL Academies
Academy 2012 California Accommodations
Academy 2012 California Registration Terms
Seven Steps for Separating Difference From Disability (C-1)
Academic English Development Integrated With Math and Science Content (C-2)
GPS: A Roadmap to Comprehension (C-3)
Reading In and Beyond the Classroom (C-4)
21st Century Skills—What Do Teachers Need to Know? (C-5)
Working With International Student Writers (C-6)
Collaborating for English Learners' Academic Success (M-1)
It Takes Two to Tango: How Teachers Can Develop Language and Foundational Skills Through Meaningful Literacy Activities (M-2)
Making the Transition: Culturally Responsive Teaching for Adolescent and Adult English Learners With Limited or Interrupted Formal Education (M-3)
Academic Language and School Success (M-4)
Preparing Nonnative Speakers of English for Academic Writing Across the Curriculum (M-5)
Addressing ESL Learner Persistence: Strategies From Research and Practice (M-6)
Preparing Adolescent English Learners (ELs) for the Common Core: Practical Strategies for Tackling Complex Texts (B-1)
Implications and Applications of the Common Core State Standards in Mathematics for Effectively Teaching K–12 ELs (B-2)
Practices that Support English Language Learners in Rich CCSS-Aligned Instruction (B-3)
Advocating for English Learners:
K-12 Teachers and Teacher Educators Working Together (B-4)
Data-Driven Discussions: Using English Language Proficiency Data More Effectively (B-5)
Designing & Using Formative Assessments of Reading Comprehension for ELP, Content, & CCSS Standards (B-6)
RTI for Diverse Learners: Separating Difference and Disability (C-1)
Designing NGSS Science Lessons for All Students (C-2)
The Warp and Woof of Writing: More Than Text Alone Empowers Student Writers (C-3)
Designing and Using Formative Assessments of Reading Comprehension for State Standards (C-4)
Integrating Literacy Learners in the Multilevel ESOL Classroom (C-5)
Preparing Advanced Nonnative Speakers of English for Writing at the College Level (C-6)
Leadership and Management Fundamentals (K-1)
Facilitating Groups and Building Teams and How to Run Effective Meetings (K-2)
Training of Trainers: Enhancing Your ELT Continuing Professional Development Program (K-3)
The Five Ps of Effective Leadership and Professional Development
Tech Solutions for Low-Tech Situations
Strategies for Student-Centered, Rule-Based Activities and Spontaneous, Incidental Learning
Formative Assessment in South Asian Contexts
Creative Ways of Improving Language Skills
Taking ELT Materials to Task
Supporting ELLs with Collaborative Sense-Making in Science (N-1)
Developing English Language Development Units: Hands-on Workshop (N-2)
The Warp and Woof of Writing: More than Text Alone Empowers Student Writers (N-3)
Supporting ELs with Literacy Instruction in the Content Areas: Introduction to the ACCELL Framework (N-4)
2015 Academy: Stockton University
International Convention
Upcoming TESOL Symposiums
Cancun Symposium
Vietnam
Cancun Sessions & Presenters
venezuela symposium
Venezuela Sessions and Presenters
Research Sessions and Presenters
Past Academies, Conferences & Symposiums
Upcoming Regional TESOL Conferences
Singapore Regional Conference Keynote Speakers
Singapore - PCIs
Singapore Conference: Complete Session Titles
Certificate, Leadership Programs
TESOL Core Certificate Program
Benefits of Training Through TESOL
Frequently Asked Questions about the TESOL Core Certificate Program
TCCP Teacher Practicum
TCCP Registration
TCCP Application
TCCP Course Work
ELT Leadership Management Certificate Program
TESOL Certificate: Advanced Practitioner
Convention Grants
Calendar of Events
myTESOL Lounge Live
Advance the Field
Advocacy Resources
TESOL Advocacy & Policy Summit
2019 TESOL Advocacy and Policy Summit Highlights
Resources on Immigration and Refugee Concerns
AEFL Resources
ESSA Resources
WIOA Resources
TESOL Letters and Alerts
Reaffirming Our Core Values
TESOL Letters and Alerts 2015 and Earlier
Position Statements
Community and Family Resources for ELPs
Voter Registration
2020 U.S. Census Resources
Standards
TESOL/CAEP Standards for P-12 Teacher Education Programs
The Common Core State Standards and English Learners
Research
2018 TESOL Research Mini-Grant Recipients
2017 TESOL Research Mini-Grant Recipients
2019 TESOL Research Mini-Grant Recipients
TESOL Member Resolutions
Submit a Member Resolution
Member Resolution Archive
TESOL Member Resolution on International Advocacy (2007)
TESOL Member Resolution in Support of Professional Development Credit for Part-time, Adjunct, and Contingent Faculty (2006)
TESOL Member Resolution on U.S. Visa Issues for International Students and Educators (2005)
TESOL Member Resolution on Voting Rights of Retired Members (2005)
TESOL Member Resolution in Support of Campus Equity Week (CEW) and Conference on Contingent Academic Labor (COCAL) (2002)
TESOL Member Resolution on English Entrance Exams at Schools and Universities (2000)
TESOL Member Resolution Against Discrimination on the Grounds of Nationality (1999)
TESOL Member Resolution on Adult Education (1996)
TESOL Member Resolution to Change the Policy of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) on the Core English Requirem (1996)
TESOL Member Resolution Against Education Exclusion Acts (1995)
TESOL Member Resolution in Support of Academic Credit for Secondary ESOL (1995)
TESOL Member Resolution on Health Benefits for Part-Time Instructors in the United States (1994)
TESOL Member Resolution on United States "Chapter 1" Funding (1993)
TESOL Member Resolution o TESOL Member Resolution on United States K-12 Standards (1993) United States "Chapter 1" Funding (1993)
TESOL Member Resolution to Promote AIDS Education, through Content-Based ESOL Instruction (1992)
TESOL Member Resolution on ESOL Certification, Validation, and Licensure in Public Education (1991)
TESOL Member Resolution on Tuition Fee Surcharge to International Students (1988)
TESOL Member Resolution on the Use of Part-Time Instructors (1988)
TESOL Member Resolution on Language Rights (1987)
TESOL Member Resolution on Granting Credit for ESL in Institutions of Higher Education (1987)
TESOL Member Resolution on the Reduction of Nuclear Weapons (1984)
TESOL Member Resolution on the Education of Limited English Proficient Student in the United States (1981)
TESOL Member Resolution on Part-Time Faculty and Fringe Benefits (1981)
TESOL Member Resolution on Nonstandard English (1981)
TESOL Member Resolution on the Needs of Refugee Populations in English-Speaking Countries (1981)
TESOL Member Resolution on the Need for Qualified Full-Time Teachers (1981)
TESOL Member Resolution on Insurance for Part-Time Employment (1980)
TESOL Member Resolution on Employment Conditions (1980)
TESOL Advocacy Action Center
EnhanceYour Career
Online Career Center
Career Development
Beginning Your Career
Publications to Help You Get Started
Frequently Asked Questions About Starting a Career in TESOL
Finding Teacher Education Programs in TESOL
Tips for Evaluating Teacher Education Programs
Finding a Job in TESOL
Teaching Opportunities in the United States
Teaching Opportunities Outside the United States
Common Acronyms in the TESOL Profession
Tips for Evaluating Independent Certificate Programs
TEFL/TESL Certificate Programs and Distance Learning Programs
Common Qualifications for English Language Teachers
Professional Development for TESOL Graduate Students
TESOL's Tips for Evaluating Potential Employers
Advancing Your Career
Guide to Professional Development in TESOL
Directory of Degree & Certificate Programs
For Recruiters
TESOL Awards, Honors, & Grants
Outstanding Advocate Honor
Presidents Award
Convention Travel Grants & Scholarships
Research and Materials Awards
Professional Development Awards
Travel Grants
TESOL Award for an Outstanding Paper on NNEST Issues
The TESOL Leadership Mentoring Program
TESOL Awards for International Participation
The Meral Guceri TESOL/TEFL Travel Grant
The Albert H. Marckwardt Travel Grants
The Betty Azar Travel Grants for Practicing ESL/EFL Teachers
The Ruth Crymes TESOL Academies Fellowships
The University of Pittsburgh Travel Award
TESOL Awards for Excellence & Service
Ruth Crymes TESOL Fellowship
James E. Alatis Award
TESOL Teacher of the Year Award
D. Scott Enright Award
Virginia French Allen Award
TESOL Award for Distinguished Research
Mary Finocchiaro Award
Ron Chang Lee Award for Excellence in CALL
Teaching Materials Grant
Donations to the fund (Wufoo)
Online Application Form (Wufoo)
Past Recipients of TESOL Awards and Grants
2004-2005 TESOL Awards and Grants Recipients
2003-2004 TESOL Awards and Grants Recipients
2002-2003 TESOL Awards and Grants Recipients
2001-2002 TESOL Awards and Grants Recipients
2000-2001 TESOL Awards and Grants Recipients
1999-2000 TESOL Awards and Grants Recipients
Print
Email
In This Section
Privacy Policy
TESOL International Association Privacy Policy
Home>
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. This policy specifies what information we collect about you when you visit our website and how we use that information. It also tells you how you can limit our use of your information. It applies to all TESOL web properties, including the TESOL website, the TESOL Blog, and the TESOL Bookstore.
We reserve the right to disclose your information where required by law or to comply with a valid legal process (such as a search warrant, subpoena, or court order), to protect TESOL’s rights or property, or to ensure users’ safety.
What Information Does TESOL Collect?
When you visit our website, TESOL’s servers automatically collect information about your navigation patterns and your device, including your internet protocol (IP) address, what type of device you’re using (e.g., tablet, desktop, mobile phone), your device’s operating system, the type of browser you use, and the specific web pages that you visited during your connection. None of this information is personally identifiable.
We may also track data such as the total number of visits to our website and the number of visitors to each web page. We aggregate this information with member demographic data in our database and use it to maintain our system and to better understand how our visitors use our site and other services. The demographic data does not contain any information that identifies you personally. Our goal is to ensure that our website and other services are meeting our users’ needs.
When you make a purchase through the TESOL website, we ask you to “sign up as a new user.” During that process, we ask for your name, email address, postal address, telephone number, and your occupational role. We also ask you for a credit card number or some other account number to pay for your purchase. When you join TESOL, we may ask for more detailed demographic information. TESOL does not store credit card or other third-party account information.
Does TESOL Keep Track of My Continuing Education Units?
We maintain a confidential record of all the TESOL education programs you have completed and the continuing education units (CEUs) you have earned. Your information is stored on a secure server, and we do not share it with third parties. For more information on access, see “How Does TESOL Protect My Information?” below. For more information on how to obtain a transcript, please contact TESOL Professional Learning.
Does TESOL Use Cookies?
Yes. When you sign up as a new user, TESOL’s servers place a cookie on your computer. A cookie is a small piece of text that gives your computer a unique identity, but it does not contain any information that allows us to identify you personally.
Cookies enable us to keep track of your shopping cart when you make a purchase, and they can remember your password for you so that you don’t have to retype it every time you visit the website.
TESOL also uses cookies to gather demographic and other statistical information. We aggregate this information and use it to improve our website and our services.
Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can opt out by changing your browser setting. If you opt out, you can still access most of the TESOL website, but you will not be able to make purchases.
What Is Remarketing? Does TESOL Use Remarketing?
When you visit a website that has partnered with a specific remarketing advertising network, a small piece of code called a pixel is created and stored on your web browser, usually in a cookie. This special cookie allows advertisers to provide highly targeted ads to website visitors as they browse the internet. The remarketing cookie uniquely identifies a web browser on a specific computer, but it does not identify a person or provide any personally identifying information.
TESOL has partnered with a remarketing advertising network. TESOL does not provide personal information about its website visitors to its remarketing partners.
How Does TESOL Protect My Information?
Before you send your information to our database, we encrypt it with secure server software so that no one can read it during transit. We also use secure socket layer (SSL) certificates to protect all the information that we collect against unauthorized access.
Only authorized TESOL staff and contractors have access to personally identifiable information in our database, and that access is limited to what is necessary to complete a transaction with you or to carry out other work-related responsibilities. We take the sharing of personal information very seriously, and staff or contractors who violate TESOL’s privacy policy are subject to disciplinary action, including termination.
Does TESOL Share My Information with Third Parties?
TESOL may occasionally provide, sell, or rent limited data to third parties, including companies that offer products and services for sale to TESOL’s members and customers. This information includes names, job titles, companies or organizations, and main or preferred addresses, but does not include
phone numbers, business fax numbers, educational background, or email addresses. However, TESOL or its agents may occasionally send email messages on behalf of third parties. For information on how to opt out of this service, see “How Can I Control and Update My Information?” below.
If you join TESOL, your contact information is available to other members through a password-protected member directory. Only TESOL members, TESOL staff, and TESOL contractors have access to this director. The member directory enables members to establish professional networks, but if you prefer, you can opt out of this service.
TESOL may also share statistical or demographic information in aggregate form with third parties for marketing or research purposes. This aggregate data does not contain any information that identifies you personally.
How Can I Control and Update My Information?
We encourage you to keep your information up to date. To check or update your contact or demographic information, you can log in to the TESOL website and click on “My Account” in the upper right corner of the page, or you may send an email message to TESOL Membership customer service, and we will gladly update your information for you.
If you would prefer not to receive notices, updates, or correspondence from TESOL International Association, please contact membership customer service, and we will remove you from our mailing lists.
If you would prefer that TESOL did not disclose your information to third parties, you can log in to the TESOL website, click on “My Account,” and update your preferences at the bottom of the page, or you may contact membership customer service. Changes made online may take up to 30 days to go into effect.
Links to Other Websites
The TESOL website includes links to other websites and resources. TESOL International Association has no control over such sites and resources and is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources. TESOL also does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources, and TESOL shall not be held responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources.
We encourage our users to check the privacy policy of other websites before giving them any personal information.
Revisions to This Policy
TESOL may revise or update this policy at any time. Any revisions or updates will be posted on this page. This policy was last revised October 2018.
TESOL Publications
TESOL Bookstore TESOL Quarterly TESOL Journal TESOL Connections English Language Bulletin White Papers & Research Briefs TESOL Annual Report
Professional Development
Online Career Center Career Development Degree & Certificate Programs TESOL Live Learning Center Annual Convention Online Courses
About the Association
Staff Directory Board of Directors Join TESOL Advocacy Action Center Advertise with TESOL Standards
Follow us on Twitter
Like us on Facebook
Connect with us on LinkedIn
Follow us on Instagram
Share this page with others
Privacy Policy |
Contact Us | Terms of Use | Sitemap
© 2014 TESOL International Association | EIN #23-7003530