https://www.mayflower.org.uk/useful-links/privacy-statement-cookies/
Privacy Statement & Cookies
Home
Useful Links
Privacy Statement & Cookies
At Mayflower Theatre we take the privacy of your data very seriously. This Privacy Statement specifies how we treat personally identifiable information. We provide this Privacy Statement because you have a right to know what information we collect and how it is protected and used.
“Mayflower Theatre” consists of Mayflower Theatre Trust, Mayflower Theatre Enterprises Limited, and Mayflower Productions (Southampton) Limited. For the purposes of Data Protection laws in the UK, Mayflower Theatre Trust is the Data Controller on behalf of the other Mayflower entities. We are an independent, not for profit charity receiving no public subsidy or grants to support our running expenses.
We aim to be clear about our purposes when we collect your data and not do anything you wouldn’t reasonably expect. Developing a better understanding of our customers and supporters through their personal data allows us to make better decisions about shows and programming. This ultimately helps us to reach our goal of bringing entertainment and inspiration to Hampshire and the South of England by providing a diverse programme of the highest quality live theatre and the performing arts, and a community and arts education programme for all the people in the region. This Privacy Statement sets out the ways in which we use your data and how you can hold us accountable for that.
What information do we collect?
You give us your information when you buy a ticket over the counter, by phone or online via our website; by signing up for one of our other events or workshops; by updating your preferences on our website; by making a donation or sponsoring us; or by communicating with us. We also keep your details when you sign up to receive emails from us. If you have signed up to our Access Membership, we will note this in your customer record along with your needs.
The information we hold about you may include:
Your name
Postal address
Telephone number
Email address
Ticketing history
Billing information
Donation history
Your preferences for how we communicate with you about our activities
We maintain a record of your transaction history, but we do not store your payment card number (although we store the last four digits to help us identify transactions).
We keep a record of the emails we send you, and we may track whether you receive or open them so we can make sure we are sending you the most relevant information.
We may then track any subsequent actions online, such as buying a ticket.
How do we use your data?
We use your data to:
Provide you with show tickets or respond to information you have asked for
Contact you if there are any important changes to your booking
Administer your ticket sale or donation, including processing Gift Aid
Keep a record of your relationship with us
Occasionally undertake customer research to help us understand how we can improve our services or information
Ensure we know how you prefer to be contacted
We may combine information you provide to us with information available from external sources in order to gain a better understanding of our audiences and visitors.
We use profiling and segmentation to ensure communications are relevant and timely and to provide an improved experience to our customers and supporters.
When building a profile we may analyse geographic, demographic and other information relating to you in order to better understand your interests and preferences in order to contact you with the most relevant communications.
Marketing communications
If you have opted to receive marketing communications from us by post or email we will tell you about events and Mayflower Theatre related services that might be of interest to you. We will;
Email you about shows, Engage activity, or a combination of these in a regular Mayflower email newsletter. On occasion emails may include a survey. You can sign up to these lists separately so that you only receive what is relevant to you. All emails carry an unsubscribe link to click if you no longer wish to receive them. If you are have a Mayflower Membership we will email you information about shows going on sale.
Mail you about forthcoming shows, events, Engage activity, or a combination of these in the Mayflower What’s On guide.
In order to send you information that might be of interest to you we will analyse your personal information and booking patterns to create a profile of your interests and preferences. Occasionally, we may include information in these communications from partner organisations or organisations who support us.
If you have opted out of marketing communications, we may still get in touch with you for administrative purposes regarding your booking. For example we may email you to give you important information about the show you’ve booked for with any changes that affect you.
You can change your marketing preferences or opt out of marketing communications in your online account mayflower.org.uk/login or call the Box Office on 02380 711811.
Third parties
We will not share any of your personal details with any other third parties without your agreement, unless required in order to fulfil our contract with you, or allowed by law.
In general, the third-party providers used by us to fulfil our contract with you will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us. These providers include our Ticketing System provider, email distribution service and mailing houses. We have agreements in place with each organisation to ensure that your data is secure at all times, and cannot be accessed or used for any other purpose.
We may share personal information with other organisations, particularly The Audience
Agency, and UK Theatre who use this to analyse ticket sales for national and regional research into patterns of Arts attendance in England (for instance, comparison sales trends over time and geographical comparisons). This assists with reporting to funders and strategic planning, helping us to make better business decisions. Your personal data is never sold on to any other agencies or companies. We may need to disclose your details if required by law to the police, regulatory bodies or legal advisors.
Use of the website mayflower.org.uk
We collect non-personally identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available. This includes technical information, such as your IP address and your login information and information about your visit, such as records of how you navigate the pages on our site and how you interact with the pages.
Cookies - A cookie is a small file, saved onto your device, which stores small pieces of information about how you have used our site or to aid the ticket buying process. We use cookie information to monitor traffic levels and to find out how our website is used, so we can keep improving. Cookies are also needed to enable your account and the booking process to work smoothly. It is not possible to use our website without using cookies, so there is no option to opt-out. We do not store any information about you personally in our cookies.
Google Analytics Advertising - Mayflower Theatre have implemented the following features through Google Analytics Advertising:
Demographics and Interest reporting, Remarketing, GDN Impression Reporting and the DoubleClick Campaign Manager integration.
Mayflower Theatre and third-party vendors may be using first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) or other first-party identifiers, and third-party cookies (such as Google advertising cookies) or other third-party identifiers together. Visitors can opt-out of these Google Analytics Advertising Features through Ads Settings, Ad Settings for mobile apps, or other available means (for example, the NAI's consumer opt-out).
How we keep your data safe
Your personal data will be held and processed on Mayflower Theatre’s systems. Where possible we aim to keep a single record for each customer. Your data is always held securely. Access to customer information is strictly controlled. It is held in the UK and the processes are EU compliant. Email data is held by our email distribution supplier in the US, with whom we have a special contract to ensure they are EU compliant.
Retention period
We will store your data in our Ticketing System for a maximum of 10 years after your last transaction or communication with us. To determine this retention period we considered the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and the applicable legal requirements, which includes financial returns and Gift Aid declaration timescales.
Sensitive information*
Sometimes we ask you to provide sensitive information, for example if you join our Access Membership, or book for certain workshops or if you apply for a job. As with all the personal information we hold, sensitive information is held securely and restricted to those who need to use it. We will delete information when we no longer need it.
CCTV and recorded images
We monitor and record images using closed circuit television at our venue. We do this for the purposes of crime prevention and public safety.
We, or third parties authorised by us, may carry out film and/or sound recording during, before or after a performance and/or in our venue from time to time. Whilst we take reasonable steps to make sure that visitors are notified of such recording when they enter and are given an opportunity to avoid such recording, by attending you consent to you and any persons (including any children) who may accompany you, being included in such recordings and such recordings subsequently being used by us for any reasonable commercial purposes, including without limitation, for marketing and promotional purposes. We will not make any payment to you in respect of your inclusion in such recordings. If you do not wish to be recorded please inform a member of staff during your visit.
Your rights
You have the following rights related to your personal data:
The right to request a copy of personal information held about you
The right to request that inaccuracies be corrected
The right to request us to stop processing your personal data
The right to withdraw your consent to direct marketing
The right to request that we erase your personal data
The right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner's Office
How can I see what information you are keeping on me?
You have the right to get a copy of the information that we hold about you, this is called a Subject Access Request. You can request a copy of your personal information in writing to Mayflower Theatre, Empire Lane, Southampton, SO15 1AP or email mydata@mayflower.org.uk.
Please include your full name, address and contact telephone number and details of the specific information you require, including any relevant dates. You will need to supply proof of your identification. We will respond to your request within one calendar month from receipt.
Please note this service is free of charge, however we will be allowed to charge you for our reasonable administrative costs if your request is clearly unfounded or excessive.
Changes to this policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any significant changes in the way we treat your personal information we will make this clear on our website or by contacting you directly.
Contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our Privacy Statement, or wish to be removed from any communications or data processing activities please email mydata@mayflower.org.uk
The Mayflower Theatre Trust is an independent Charity registered in England and Wales, Registered Charity number 294745, and Registered Company number 2026445.
* Where you have engaged with us and have indicated that you are a wheelchair user or have any other disability, rather than ask for your consent to process this special category of personal data which is outside of your reasonable expectation to be so asked and is difficult for us in practice to administer given the requirements of GDPR in relation to consent, we will rely on Schedule 1 Pt 2 para 16 of the Data Protection Bill 2018 which permits the processing of special category data for 'Support for individuals with a particular disability or medical condition'.
Last updated 18 June 2020. Any amends or updates to our Privacy Statement will be posted here.
Receive latest shows and news straight to your inbox
Subscribe
Search shows here
Search
AUDITORIUM APPEAL
We will be undertaking a refurbishment of our Grade II listed auditorium in summer 2018.
Please consider a donation to our auditorium appeal. Your help is essential in securing our future.
£5.00
£10.00
£25.00
£50.00
Other
Add Gift Aid
?
Add Donation
Login
Email
Password
Login
Forgotten Password
Register an account
Register an account with Mayflower Theatre to buy tickets and memberships online, keep up to date with regular updates and announcements!
Register
Not registered yet? Sign Up Here ›
Loading
Site Cookies
This site requires cookies to run. For more information View our privacy policy.