https://www.njpac.org/privacy-policy/
PrivacyPolicy
We at New Jersey Performing Arts Center (“NJPAC,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) have created this privacy policy (this “Privacy Policy”) because we know that you care about how information you provide to us is used and shared. This Privacy Policy relates to the information collection and use practices of NJPAC in connection with our online services (the “Services”), which are made available to you through our website, http://www.njpac.org (the “Website”).
By visiting our Website and/or using our Services, you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the accompanying Terms of Use. Capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning set forth in our Terms of Use.
The Information We Collect
1. Personal Information
When you sign up to become a Registered User, purchase a ticket, enter a contest, promotion, or sweepstakes, or make a contribution, you will be required to provide us with personal information about yourself (collectively, the “Personal Information”). Such Personal Information for Registered Users may include your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, and cell phone number. We do not collect any Personal Information from you when you use the Services unless you provide us with the Personal Information voluntarily.
2. Billing Information
When you make a donation or purchase with us, you will be required to provide certain information in addition to the Personal Information noted above. Such information may include a debit card number, credit card number, and similar information (collectively, the “Billing Information”).
3. Other Information
In addition to the Personal Information and the Billing Information noted above that you voluntarily provide to us, we may collect additional information (collectively, the “Other Information”). Such Other Information may include:
a. From Your Activity. Information that we automatically collect when you use the Services, such as your IP addresses, browser type and language, referring and exit pages and URLs, date and time, amount of time spent on particular pages, what sections of the Website you visit, ticket purchases, and similar information concerning your use of the Services.
b. From Cookies. Information that we collect using “cookie” technology. Cookies are small packets of data that a website stores on your computer’s hard drive so that your computer will “remember” information about your visit. We use cookies to help us collect Other Information and to enhance your experience using the Services. If you do not want the Website to place a cookie on your hard drive, you may be able to turn that feature off on your computer. Please consult your Internet browser’s documentation for information on how to do this. However, if you decide not to accept cookies from us, the Services may not function properly.
c. From You. Additional information about yourself that you voluntarily provide to us, such as your hobbies, personal interests, household income range, number of children, gender, demographic information, and product and service preferences.
d. From Other Sources. Information that we collect or receive from other sources, such as our ticketing providers.
The Information Collected by or Through Third-Party Advertising Companies
We may share Other Information about your activity on the Website with third parties for the purpose of tailoring, analyzing, managing, reporting, and optimizing advertising you see on the Website and elsewhere. These third parties may use cookies, pixel tags (also called web beacons or clear gifs), and/or other technologies to collect such Other Information for such purposes. Pixel tags enable us, and these third-party advertisers, to recognize a browser’s cookie when a browser visits the site on which the pixel tag is located in order to learn which advertisement brings a user to a given site.
Accessing and Modifying Personal Information and Communication Preferences
If you have registered for the Services, you may access, review, and make changes to your Personal Information and Billing Information by following the instructions found on the Website. In addition, you may manage your receipt of marketing and non-transactional communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of any NJPAC marketing email. Registered Users cannot opt out of receiving transactional e-mails related to their account. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to process such requests in a timely manner. You should be aware, however, that it is not always possible to completely remove or modify information in our subscription databases.
How We Use and Share the Information
We use the Personal Information, the Billing Information, and the Other Information to process transactions; provide you the Services; solicit your feedback; inform you about our products, services, upcoming events, and special promotions and those of our third-party marketing partners; administer and process donations, contests, promotions, and sweepstakes; and improve our Services to you. Also, we may share Personal Information, the Billing Information, and/or Other Information as described below.
Some transactions are processed through our third-party ticketing providers. Generally, when this occurs, you will be redirected to the third party’s website and any information collected during that process will be subject to such third-party’s privacy policy and terms of use and will be shared with us and handled by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
In order to administer our contests, promotions, and sweepstakes, we may share your Personal Information and Other Information with our third-party promotional and marketing partners.
We may from time to time share Personal Information and/or Other Information with other companies who may provide you information about the products and services they offer. However, to the extent required by law, you will be given the opportunity to opt-out of such sharing.
When you have opted-in to receive text messages from us, we may use your cell phone number to send you such text messages. If, at any time, you wish to opt-out of receiving such text messages, please contact us. Text message fees and other fees may apply based on the type of text messaging program you have with your carrier. There are no additional fees assessed by NJPAC.
In an ongoing effort to better understand our users and our Services, we might analyze the Other Information in aggregate form in order to operate, maintain, manage, and improve the Services. This aggregate information does not identify you personally. We may share this aggregate data with our affiliates, agents, and business partners. We may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our products and Services to current and prospective business partners and to other third parties for other lawful purposes.
We may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples may include providing marketing assistance, information technology support, and customer service. These other companies will have access to the Personal Information, the Billing Information, and the Other Information only as necessary to perform their functions and to the extent permitted by law.
As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution, or similar event, the Personal Information, the Billing Information, and the Other Information may be part of the transferred assets.
To the extent permitted by law, we may also disclose Personal Information, the Billing Information, and the Other Information when required by law, court order, or other government or law enforcement authority or regulatory agency, or whenever we believe that disclosing the such Information is necessary or advisable, for example, to protect the rights, property, or safety of NJPAC or others.
How We Protect Your Information
We take commercially reasonable steps to protect the Personal Information, the Billing Information, and the Other Information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. Please understand, however, that no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our databases, nor can we guarantee that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to and from us over the Internet. In particular, e-mail sent to or from the Website may not be secure, and you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail.
Important Notice to Non-U.S. Residents
The Website and the Services are operated in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States. By using the Services and/or providing us with any information, you consent to this transfer.
Children
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13 through the Services. If you are under 13, please do not give us any Personal Information. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children to never provide Personal Information through the Services without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Information to us, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.
Virtual Courses
For more information on our Acceptable Use Policy regarding Virtual Courses, click here.
California Residents
Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, California residents who have an established business relationship with NJPAC may choose to opt out of our sharing your Personal Information with third parties for direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and (1) you wish to opt out; or (2) you wish to request certain information regarding our disclosure of your Personal Information to third parties for the direct marketing purposes, please send an e-mail to ticketservices@njpac.org or write to us at:
NJPAC.
Attention: Marketing Department
One Center Street
Newark, NJ 07102
External Websites
The Website and the Services may contain links to third-party websites. NJPAC has no control over the privacy practices or the content of any of our business partners, advertisers, sponsors, or other websites to which we provide links. As such, we are not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of those third-party websites. You should check the applicable third-party privacy policy and terms of use when visiting any other websites.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date stated at the top of this Privacy Policy. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time, and will post any changes on the Website as soon as they go into effect. By accessing the Website or using the Services after we make any such changes to this Privacy Policy, you are deemed to have accepted such changes. Please refer back to this Privacy Policy on a regular basis.
How to Contact Us
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please e-mail us at ticketservices@njpac.org