https://www.rickmansworth-players.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Rickmansworth Players Privacy Policy
Rickmansworth Players are aware of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) regarding private data and this privacy notice explains how we process personal data in a concise, transparent and easily accessible way.
This privacy notice sets out who we are, the information we collect about you, the purpose and legal basis for processing your personal information, the kind of information we obtain, where we keep this information, how long we keep the information and your rights to access this personal information.
Rickmansworth Players (the data controller and data processor) are committed to protecting the rights of individuals in line with the GDPR. We have a Data Protection Officer who can be contacted at any time:
Address: Rickmansworth Players 66 Shepherds Way, Rickmansworth, Herts, WD3 7NR
Email: dataprotection@rickmansworth-players.org.uk
What information do we collect about you and how?
In the running of our society we are likely to collect personal information by email, in person, by telephone and online forms.
This information will be collected from our members, anyone wishing to subscribe to our mailing lists, or anyone wishing to borrow costumes and props from our huts. Our ticket agencies will also collect consented data on our behalf.
The data we collect may include: name, address, telephone numbers, email address and, for our youth members, emergency contact information. Children in full time education, as vulnerable individuals are deserving of specific protection will require adult consent.
Our lawful grounds for collecting members’ data is to honour our obligation to provide a service and membership benefits as defined in our rules. We also collect communication data via our website, through email, social media or other communications which we have a legitimate interest in processing in order to be able to reply to your enquiries. We also process personal data in order to be able to send marketing communications to promote and advertise our shows. We have a legitimate interest in doing this in order to be able to provide you with information on upcoming events and shows and to allow you to buy tickets if you wish to.
We do not process Sensitive Data.
We will send our Privacy Notice to all subscribers to confirm how we collect and process their personal data, what their data will be used for, the legal grounds of processing such data, how we keep it secure and their rights in relation so such data.
It is very important to us that the information we hold about you is accurate and up to date. Please inform us of any change to your personal details by emailing dataprotection@rickmansworth-players.org.uk
How will your information be used?
Rickmansworth Players will process your personal information in the following ways
Administering finance (membership fees)
Providing members with information (eg. Rehearsals, show dates etc)
Providing operational information
Providing membership updates via news bulletins
Promoting our services and events
Marketing and promoting our events
Issuing tickets
Tracking items borrowed from our huts
Safeguarding and promoting the health and welfare of members
Preventing and detecting crime and criminal activities.
Providing show information to subscribers
Data will also be used for the purpose of show literature, website and digital media announcements (cast members) and show programmes.
Photographs will be used for the purpose of the website and programmes with consent.
Who receives your information?
The recipients of your data will be limited to Rickmansworth Players, Local Authorities (for performance licences), our GDPR compliant ticketing agencies, third party hosting and storage platforms and Constant Contact (for communications).
Rickmansworth Players only allow its service providers to handle your personal data when we have confirmed that they apply appropriate data protection and security controls, for example, Constant Contact are a US-based provider participating in the EU-US Privacy Shield which allows us to transfer data to them with the assurance they have the equivalent safeguards in place.
How is the data stored and for how long?
We will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements.
Data will be held in paper form and on an electronic database. These will be secured and limited to a secure server and secure storage.
Personal information pertaining to membership will be stored for a period of no longer than 18 months (the life of a membership plus time for renewal). Personal Information pertaining to financial records will be stored for 7 years after the end of the financial year within which it was received. Personal information pertaining to marketing lists will be held or for as long as you wish to remain on our marketing list. You can ask us to stop sending you these messages at any time by following the opt-out links on any marketing message we send you or by emailing us at rickyplayer@rickmansworth-playersorg.uk.
Exceptions to this will be photographs or information displayed on our website or printed media of previous performances for archive purposes. All archived hard copy will be kept in a locked and secure facility. You will have the right to have these removed at any time.
What are your rights?
You have the right to access your personal information, to object to the processing of your personal information, to rectify, to erase, to restrict and to withdraw it at any time.
Requests or objections should be made in writing to Rickmansworth Players Group Data Protection Officer.
If you are unhappy with the way in which your personal data has been processed, you may, in the first instance contact The Data Protection Officer using the details below.
Data Protection Officer
Rickmansworth Players
66 Shepherds Way
Rickmansworth
Herts WD3 7NR
Email: dataprotection@rickmansworth-players.org.uk
If you remain dissatisfied, you have the right to apply direction to the Information Commissioner for a decision. They can be contacted at:
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
www.ico.org.uk
Revisions to this Policy
Rickmansworth Players reserve the right to revise, amend or modify this Privacy Policy at any time, however if we materially change how we plan to use previously collected personal information, we will provide you with advance notice prior to the change becoming effecting and an opportunity to opt-out of such differing uses.
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a web server to a web browser, which enables the server to collect information from the browser. Cookies make the interaction between users and web sites faster and easier. Without cookies, it would be very difficult for a web site to allow a visitor to fill up a shopping cart or to remember the user’s preferences or registration details for a future visit.
We use “cookies” to identify you when you visit our web site and to keep track of your browsing patterns and build up a demographic profile. Our use of cookies also allows registered users to be presented with a personalised version of the site and have access to information about their account.
This website does not store any information that would, on its own, allow us to identify individual users of this service without their permission. Any cookies that may be used by this website are used either solely on a per session basis or to maintain user preferences. Cookies are not shared with any third parties.
Use of Cookies
Unless you have indicated your objection when disclosing your information to us, our system will issue cookies to your computer when you log on to the website. Cookies are small amounts of information regarding your browsing habits which we store on your computer. Cookies make it easier for you to log on to and use the website during future visits. They also allow us to monitor website traffic and to personalise the content of the website for you.
Accepting and Declining Cookies
You may have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer you may be able to modify your browser settings to decline all cookies, or to notify you each time a cookie is tendered and permit you to accept or decline cookies on an individual basis. If you choose to decline cookies, however, that may hinder the performance of our website. For specific details about how to configure your browser you should refer to its supplier or manufacturer.
YouTube Cookies
We may embed videos from our official YouTube channel using YouTube’s privacy-enhanced mode. This mode may set cookies on your computer once you click on the YouTube video player, but YouTube will not store personally-identifiable cookie information for playbacks of embedded videos using the privacy-enhanced mode.
List of Cookies
The list of cookies displayed below is dynamically created so is an up to date list of the cookies we use. There are 2 main types of cookies.
Session cookies – small files that expire and are deleted automatically once you have closed the browser after visiting our site. These cookies keep track of your movement on the site to enhance your experience and remember preferences.
Permanent (Persistent) or stored cookies – Cookies that are stored on the user’s computer and are not deleted when the browser is closed. Permanent cookies retain user preferences allowing those preferences to be used in future browsing sessions. Some of these cookies automatically expire after a certain period of time. They can also be located and deleted from your computer if required.
Our web site may contain advertising of third parties or links or references to other sites. Rickmansworth Players are not responsible for the content or Privacy Policy of third parties or other web sites.
View our Privacy & Cookie's Policy.Click Here Click HerePrivacy Policy
Close
Necessary
Always Enabled