http://www.northlight-images.co.uk/about/helping-our-site/
Could you help with our photography site?
Improving what’s here and supporting it
First though – thanks for visiting our site … Keith & Karen
Site update: Thanks for everyone's support - work is still very sparse, but at least I've lots of videos, articles and reviews to write - if you've any suggestions or questions, please just let me know - Keith & Karen ...Get our Newsletter for new articles/reviews and why not visit Keith's YouTube Channel
...My book about how to use tilt/shift lenses is now available.
We’re committed to keeping all the articles and reviews on the site completely free, but we really could do with some help in covering all the maintenance and running costs.
Buying products through our various affiliate links can earn us money (see our Privacy Policy page for more details), or if you’d prefer a more direct contribution, you can go via our ‘Tips Jar’ to the right >
If you’ve done this in the past, then thanks – it helps Karen (my wife and business partner) work at Northlight and gives me more time to test things and write the articles and reviews.
If you shop at B&H, then going through our B&H Link will get us a small commission as will our Adorama link
This page has occasional links, offers and deals we’ve found, along with other ways you can help Karen and myself make the site a better and more useful resource for those interested in photography.
New content? Review/Article ideas?
We’re always looking for ideas for new content, so, if you’ve a question or a suggestion for something useful, please do just email us.
Fancy writing a guest article?
See the details further down the page.
NB We’re an Amazon.com affiliate, so earn commission on any purchases
I hope the site has been of help!
The reviews and articles side of the Northlight Images photography website is entirely written and maintained by myself in my spare time.
As you might know, I’m a professional photographer at Northlight Images for my ‘real job’ which is covered in a relatively small part of the site (by numbers of pages).
That’s me on the right – taken during the making of my recent Canon PRO-300 printer review (articles/reviews index)
I’ve always believed strongly in freely ‘giving back’ some of my expertise and knowledge to help other people enjoy more of their photography.
The biggest direct help for running the site we get from visitors is just buying stuff via the links on the site.
Learn about what’s new – our mailing list
A few times a month we send out emails with latest updates about the articles, reviews and news here on the Northlight images web site.  We never pass on any information to third parties.
Subscribe to our mailing list
* indicates required
Email Address
*
First Name
Last Name
Making the site even better for visitors
The number one aim is for the site to be useful for people with an interest in photography.
Please ask questions …I don’t mind
Many of our articles have started from people writing in and asking questions.
If I find myself writing a reply of any length, this often serves as the basis for an article.
I do my best to answer all emails, but it does get a bit busy sometimes and I fear I may have let one or two get past me – if you use the contact form then it does not go via our usual filtering and I should get the email.
Was something helpful?
…Please spread the word
If you’ve found something of use or interest, please bookmark it and if you think anyone else would appreciate knowing about it, tell them or post links to our articles.
The web works as much by people following useful links from others, as it does from search engines.
I know that the site gets a lot of visitors through the rumour pages, but in some ways I’d rather it were best known for the range of articles and reviews I’ve written…
Equipment we should review?
Cameras/lenses/gadgets/software/print
All suggestions considered…
If you are or know someone at a manufacturer, then do let me know how/where best to get samples for review?
We already do quite a bit of pre-release testing, often under NDA
Our reviews are somewhat longer than many articles that get called ‘reviews’ on other sites. I always try and write reviews that will also be helpful for people looking to use the product for real and learn more about the subject.
All our current set of reviews are listed on the review page.
We also have a detailed review policy.
Guest Articles – Expanding the site’s content – could you help?
There is a limit in how many new articles and reviews I can add each month. We are in the process of adding good original content by other authors, and welcome contributions.
At the moment we can’t pay for articles/reviews, but authors would retain copyright on their original material, with Northlight allowed to edit and publish content and images.
Full credit, a brief bio and active links to your own web site/blog could be included. Articles would need to be of similar length to our normal ones and include good quality images. We could edit articles for style and layout (i.e. UK English spellings)
More information about writing articles.
If you’re interested or even just curious, just ask…
Ideas for the site?
The site is maintained by myself and that puts a limit on redesigns and complex web design.
If you’ve ideas for how to make the site look better  and easier to find things, then please feel free to let me know (NOTE – this is not an invitation to tender for web development work!)
In 2016 I re-wrote the entire site with a much more modern design that should work on a wider range of devices – I’m not a web developer, and with over a thousand article pages, it’s been a huge job. So, if you find something that doesn’t work properly, please let me know.
Why there is advertising on the site?
Site content is totally free, and as far as I’m concerned will always remain free!
We do have adverts on the site to help defray some of the costs of running it – if you are looking to buy something, then going via one of our adverts will make a small contribution to our costs.
It really does help, so thanks to anyone who has ever contributed in this way.
I’ve specifically decided that Northlight Images will not sell hardware or software directly.
When I’m personally looking for information about a product, knowing that someone is not directly selling it possibly inclines me to value the information a little bit more. Hopefully this policy earns the site a bit more trust from visitors.
See our full Review and advertising policy for more details.
Never miss a new article or review - Sign up for our occasional (ad-free) Newsletter
Enjoyed this article?
Other areas of our site that may be of interest...
All the latest articles/reviews and photo news items appear on Keith's Photo blog
We've a whole section of the site devoted to  Digital Black and White photography and printing. It covers all of Keith's specialist articles and reviews.For All about using tilt and shift - articles/reviews about tilt/shift lenses
Other sections include Colour management and Keith's camera hacks - there are over 1100 articles/reviews here...
Articles below by Keith (Google's picks for matching this page)
See all of Keith's 1000+ articles and reviews
We're an Amazon affiliate. so receive commission on any purchases you make
Blog RSS feed
Twitter from Keith
Twitter from Northlight
YouTube Keith's Channel
Subscribe to our Newsletter
Never miss new articles/reviews
Please help support our site?
Or more directly...Thanks - K&K
Article categoriesArticle categories
Select Category
Articles and reviews  (1,004)
Article  (275)
Batteries  (7)
BenQ  (14)
BlueCubit  (8)
Book review  (18)
Camera bags  (7)
Camera testing  (50)
Canon 100D  (4)
Canon 1Ds mk3  (8)
Canon 5Ds  (5)
Canon 60D  (4)
Canon 7D  (11)
Canon EOS R  (22)
Canon printer  (67)
Colour management  (229)
Composition  (44)
Datacolor  (41)
DxO  (45)
EOS RP  (13)
Epson Printer  (69)
Filters  (7)
Fisheye  (5)
Fotospeed  (12)
GigaPan  (8)
Guest Article  (6)
Hardware review  (89)
Hardware update  (15)
Hasselblad  (7)
HP printer  (6)
Image Editing  (222)
Innova  (19)
iPhone  (6)
Irix  (5)
K&F  (13)
Laowa  (26)
Lens  (156)
Lighting  (36)
Mac  (14)
MacPhun  (26)
Macro  (40)
Monitor calibration  (64)
Monitor reviews  (10)
MPB  (4)
Nik  (24)
Nikon  (12)
Panasonic  (1)
Paper review  (55)
PermaJet  (11)
Personal views  (87)
photo-hacks  (42)
Photography Business  (91)
Photography Ideas  (100)
Printer reviews  (37)
Printing  (268)
Product announcement  (140)
Product photography  (44)
Review  (414)
Rogeti  (8)
Samyang  (11)
Scanner  (7)
Sigma  (8)
Site information  (17)
Skylum  (26)
Software review  (139)
Software update  (102)
Test Images  (16)
Tilt / Shift  (70)
Topaz  (43)
Travel  (7)
Tripod & Camera mount  (26)
tutorials  (59)
Usability  (7)
Video  (32)
X-Rite  (75)
Black and white  (147)
Northlight Information  (27)
Exhibitions  (6)
Northlight Blog  (24)
Press Information  (3)
Photography news  (246)
Rumours  (353)
Canon camera  (56)
Canon camera rumour  (25)
Other camera  (20)
Other camera rumour  (3)
Printer articles  (49)
Printer Info  (30)
Printer review  (37)
Printer rumours  (4)
Rumour archive  (45)
Rumour camera article  (4)
Rumour camera test  (24)
Rumour lens article  (40)
Rumour lens info  (22)
Keith buys his UK used camera equipment and lenses from: MPB and Park Cameras
For USA used: B&H | Adorama |
MPB
Keith's new cameras and lenses (UK) come from: Park Cameras. Recent articles/reviewsVideo: An A3+ canvas print on the PRO-300Video: Laowa 15mm shift lens reviewReview:
Laowa 15mm f4.5 Zero-D Shift lensVideo: An A3 baryta print on the PRO-300Video: Choosing the P900 or P700 printerEpson SC-P900 printer reviewVideo: Looking at the Epson P900 printer