https://www.citt.org/privacy.html
CITT
English | Français
|  Members Area
Home
|
Member Directory
|
Job Postings
|
Eco-Scene Forum
|
Recent Forum Postings
|
Expo-Scène
MENU
Privacy Policy
CITT/ICTS's Privacy Policy - July 2009
Overview
The protection of personal information is important to the Canadian Institute for Theatre Technology (CITT/ICTS). CITT/ICTS is committed to maintaining the accuracy, security and privacy of personal information in accordance with applicable legislation. This CITT/ICTS Privacy Policy is a statement of principles and guidelines concerning the protection of personal information of our members, service providers and other individuals (referred to as “you”). Any questions about this policy can be directed to our National Coordinator Monique Corbeil by telephone 514 504-9998 or fax 514 504-9997 or e-mail .
Our staff members play an important role in protecting personal information. They are required to adhere to this policy and take all reasonable steps to ensure that personal information is protected from unauthorized access.
Consent
By submitting personal information to the CITT/ICTS, you agree that we may collect, use and disclose such personal information in accordance with this privacy policy and as permitted or required by law. Subject to legal and contractual requirements, you may refuse or withdraw your consent to certain of the identified purposes at any time by contacting the CITT/ICTS National Coordinator. If you refuse or withdraw your consent, the CITT/ICTS may be unable to provide you or continue to provide you with certain services, programs and information that may be of value to you. If you provide the CITT/ICTS with personal information of another individual, you represent that you have all necessary authority and have obtained all necessary consents from such person to enable the CITT/ICTS to collect, use and disclose such personal information for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Collection of Personal Information
Canadian privacy legislation defines “personal information” broadly as information about an identifiable individual or as information that allows an individual to be identified. For the purposes of this policy, “personal information” means information about an identifiable individual as defined from time to time in applicable privacy legislation. Generally speaking, personal information does not include what is considered business contact information generally found on a business card (i.e. employer’s name, title, business number, business fax number, business e-mail address, etc.).
Although CITT/ICTS deals commonly with other companies and in those cases does not collect personal information, we also deal with individual members. We collect the personal information of our individual members in administering the following:
CITT/ICTS’s membership list.
Registration for CITT/ICTS’s conferences, events, workshops, and signing up for the Student Volunteer Program (SVP).
For the purposes of administering the membership list, CITT/ICTS collects the following types of personal information:
Name of individual or organisation.
Residential telephone number.
Work place telephone number.
Mobile phone number.
Mailing address.
Personal e-mail address.
Workplace e-mail address.
Occupation, title and name of employer.
Name of disciplines in which the member evolves.
Credit card information.
When individual register for CITT/ICTS’s conferences, events, workshops, and signing up for the Student Volunteer Program (SVP), we may collect the following types of personal information:
Name.
Spouse’s / Partner’s name.
Home address, telephone number, and fax number.
E-mail address.
Biographical notes (if the individual is presenting a session or workshop at the event).
Age and driver’s license (Student Volunteer Programme only).
Dietary requirements.
Credit card information.
When individual and companies support CITT/ICTS via the Sponsorship Opportunities, CITT/ICTS may collect the following types of personal information:
Name.
Residential telephone number.
Workplace telephone number.
Mobile phone number.
Mailing address.
Personal e-mail address.
Workplace e-mail address.
Occupation and name of employer.
Credit card information.
When exhibitors register to CITT/ICTS’s annual trade show, CITT/ICTS may collect the following types of personal information:
Name.
Residential telephone number.
Workplace telephone number.
Mobile phone number.
Mailing address.
Personal e-mail address.
Workplace e-mail address.
Occupation and name of employer.
Names of people staffing the booth.
Credit card information.
Use of Personal Information
The personal information collected by CITT/ICTS is used for the following purposes:
To contact the individual for instruction.
To issue invoices, administer accounts, collect and process payments.
To send CITT/ICTS conference, workshops and events enrollment confirmation.
To plan and arrange for needs while in attendance at a CITT/ICTS conference/meeting.
To develop, enhance, market, sell or otherwise provide CITT’s products and services.
To include you on our mailing list for CITT/ICTS bulletins and event notices.
To administer CITT/ICTS’s membership list.
To comply with any legal or regulatory requirements or provisions.
For any other purpose to which you consent.
We only collect personal information directly from the individual, except when we have the individual’s consent to collect information from elsewhere or are permitted by law to collect it without the individual’s consent.We use an individual’s personal information strictly for the purposes outlined above. If we need to use the personal information for any other purpose, we will contact the individual and obtain consent prior to that use.
Disclosure of Personal Information
From time to time, CITT/ICTS may disclose your personal information to:
Sustaining and Contributing members in good standing that request the membership list.
Service providers, including an organization or individual retained by CITT/ICTS to perform functions on its behalf, such as catering, marketing, data processing, printing, mailing, document management, and office services.
An organization or individual retained by CITT/ICTS to collect debts outstanding on an account.
A financial institution, on a confidential basis and solely in connection with negotiating payment of an account to which you have consented.
Any third party or parties, where you consent to such disclosure or where disclosure is required or permitted by law.
When we disclose your personal information to third parties, we require such parties to maintain levels of confidentiality and security, in addition to obtaining such third parties' representation of the implementation of their own privacy policy.An individual has the right to withdraw consent for our collection, use or disclosure of their personal information at any time. However, if an individual does so, it may affect his/her ability to participate in programs and/or receive services provided by the CITT/ICTS. If an individual wishes to withdraw consent, or has any questions about withdrawing consent, he or she can contact the CITT/ICTS National Coordinator.Business contact information is not protected by this policy. This type of information is not considered to be personal information and may be collected, used and disclosed without consent.
Storage of Personal Information
The CITT/ICTS takes all reasonable precautions to ensure that your personal information is kept safe from loss, unauthorized access, modification or disclosure. Among the steps taken to protect your personal information are:
Restricted file access to personal information.
Internal password and security policies.
Proper training of CITT/ICTS’s employees in respect of privacy matters.
Accuracy of Personal Information
We try to keep personal information as accurate as possible and individuals can assist us by providing us with updated information when necessary. Information can be updated by contacting CITT/ICTS National Coordinator or on the online member’s profile located in the member only section of CITT/ICTS’s website.
Retention of Personal Information
We only keep personal information for as long as is necessary for the purposes outlined above. This may include keeping the information after a service or program has been completed, in order to resolve any problems or concerns that may arise. We are also required by law to maintain certain records for set amounts of time.
Accountability
We apply our best efforts to protect your privacy. If an individual has any concerns, they are free to contact the National Coordinator. We hope that the National Coordinator will be able to resolve any problems. If concerns are not resolved, the National Coordinator can provide information on making a formal complaint.
Employment Inquiries
If you apply for employment at the CITT/ICTS, we will require your personal information, as part of our review process. We normally retain information from candidates after a decision has been made, unless you ask us not to retain the information. If we offer you a job, which you accept, the information will be retained in accordance with our privacy procedures for employee records.
Web Site
CITT/ICTS’s website may contain links to other sites, which are not governed by this privacy policy.On our website, like most other commercial websites, we may monitor traffic patterns, site usage and related site information in order to optimize our web service. We may provide aggregated information to third parties, but these statistics do not include any identifiable personal information.
Amendment of this Privacy Policy
CITT/ICTS will from time to time review and revise its privacy practices and this Privacy Policy. In the event of any amendment, an appropriate notice will be posted on CITT/ICTS’s web site.
Contact Information
For information on CITT/ICTS’s privacy practices, please contact the National Coordinator:Monique CorbeilNational Coordinator
CITT National Office
302-4529 Clark St
Montréal, Québec
H2T 2T3
Telephone 514 504-9998Fax  514 504-9997Email:
COVID-19 Resources & Information
General Information
Relaunch Resources
Advocacy
Surveys & Studies
Online Training & Webinars
ABOUT US
History
Mission
Board of Directors
CITT/ICTS Board of Directors Nomination Form
National Office
AGM Notice, Bylaws and Annual Reports
CITT/ICTS Policies
OISTAT
Contact Us
THE MEMBERSHIP
Categories & Benefits
Member Directory
Join
REGIONAL SECTIONS
British Columbia
Alberta
Ontario
Québec CQICTS
Atlantic Region
Prairie Region
Newsletter - What's Up with CITT/ICTS
Stageworks 2003 to 2011
THE MENTORING NETWORK
EXPO-SCÈNE 2021
EXPO-SCÈNE TEC Talks Details
Travel & Accommodations
EXPO-SCÈNE 2019 Photo Gallery
EXPO-SCÈNE 2018 Photo Gallery
CITT/ICTS Rendez-vous 2020 Annual Conference & Trade Show
CITT/ICTS AWARDS
List of CITT/ICTS Awards
Nomination Procedure
CITT/ICTS News Column - ESTA Protocol
HEALTH & SAFETY
Best Practices & Guidelines
British Columbia Resources
Alberta Resources
Ontario Resources
Québec Resources
Atlantic Region Resources
Prairie Resources
Territories Resources
National Codes and Standards
Consultants, Training and Workshops
RESOURCES FOR RESPECTFUL WORKSPACES
PROFESSIONAL STANDARDS & CERTIFICATION
CHRC Charts of Competencies for Theatre Technicians
Professional Recognition and Competency Assessment
Entertainment Technician Certification Program (ETCP)
ESTA Technical Standards Program
Industry Related Certification Programs
ONLINE RESOURCES
Performing Arts and Entertainment Industry
Associations and Service Organizations
Federal and Provincial Government
Education and Training
Useful Related Websites
Job Postings
Members Area
My Profile
My Membership Benefits
Member Directory
The Mentoring Network Directory
Callboard - a Forum of Best Practices
Forum Notifications Sign-up
Documentation Centre & Resources
CITT/ICTS Video Library
Add to Member Announcements
Contributing Members
302-4529 rue Clark St. Montréal, Québec Canada H2T 2T3National Coordinator: 1 514 504-9998 / CITT/ICTS Support: 1 514 504-9997 / Toll free (Canada): 1 888 271-3383
Recent Forum Postings
Latest Job Postings
Job Board/Babillard d'emplois
Assistant Professor, Specializing in Acting and Voice - University of Saskatchewan — posted on 7:41 AM, December 3, 2020
Assistant Professor, Department of Drama
5 year term; specializing in Theatre Design and Technical Theatre
- University of Saskatchewan — posted on 7:17 AM, December 3, 2020
Account Management/ Technical Production - Byrne Production Services — posted on 12:29 PM, November 30, 2020
More
RSS
Member Directory
Search our Member Directory to find industry peers. Join CITT for increased networking and sharing of best practices.
Refund & Cancellation Policies
/
Privacy Policy
/
Site Map
/
Contact Us
CITT is a member of
and
Powered by Exware Association Management