http://www.garrisonjazz.com/privacy.html
1. IntroductionNo information from children under age 13. If you are under age 13, please do not attempt to register for The Music Center or provide any personal information about yourself to us. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from a child under age 13, please contact us at techsupport@garrisonjazz.com.2. Information We ReceiveInformation you provide to us:Information About Yourself. When you sign up for The Music Center you provide us with your name and email. During the registration process we give you the opportunity to connect with your friends. You will also be able to add a picture of yourself. Once you register you can provide other information about yourself such as your current city, skills, and other contact information. You can also provide personal biography.Content. The Music Center is a place to share content with others. For example, you share when you write a Note on your Noteboard, upload a photo or video, make a comment, or write a Note on someone else’s Noteboard. If you do not want us to store metadata associated with content you share on The Music Center (such as photos), please remove the metadata before uploading the content.Transactional Information. We may retain the details of transactions or payments you make on The Music Center. Currently, however, all transactions for The Music Center are handled by PayPal, and as such, we do not store or even have access to the details of your payment methods. For example, we will not access or store your credit card information.Information we collect when you interact with The Music Center:Site activity information. We keep track of some of the actions you take on The Music Center, such as adding friends, purchasing items, visiting pages, or commenting on a post or page. In some cases you are also taking an action when you provide information or content to us. For example, if you share a video, in addition to storing the actual content you uploaded, we might log the fact that you shared it.Access Device and Browser Information. When you access The Music Center from a computer, mobile phone, or other device, we may collect information from that device about your browser type, location, and IP address, as well as the pages you visit and the purchases that you make.Cookie Information. We use "cookies" (small pieces of data we store for an extended period of time on your computer, mobile phone, or other device) to make The Music Center easier to use and to protect both you and The Music Center. For example, we use them to store your username (but never your password) to make it easier for you to login whenever you come back to The Music Center. We also use them to confirm that you are logged into The Music Center. You can remove or block cookies using the settings in your browser, but in some cases that may impact your ability to use The Music Center.3. Sharing information on the Music CenterThis section explains how your privacy settings work, and how your information is shared on The Music Center. You should always consider your privacy settings before sharing information on the Music Center.Personal Information. Any personal information you choose to enter will be visible to any registered user of The Music Center, and in the future could become available to unregistered users also. Remember that none of this information is required, with the exception of the contact email listed on your Settings page. This contact email address will never be listed publicly.Posts by Me. Though you may only post or comment on the Noteboard of a user with whom you are a Friend, all posts and comments are visible to all registered users of The Music Center, and may, in the future, become available to unregistered users also.Other. Here are some other things to remember:a. Even after you remove information from your profile or delete your account, copies of that information may remain viewable elsewhere to the extent it has been shared with others or it was copied or stored by other users.b. You understand that information might be reshared or copied by other users.c. When you post information on another user’s profile or comment on another user’s post, that information will be subject to the other user’s privacy rights as outlined in this policy.4. Information You Share With Third PartiesLinks. When you click on links on The Music Center you may leave our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites, and we encourage you to read their privacy statements.5. How We Use Your InformationWe use the information we collect to try to provide a safe, efficient, and customized experience. Here are some of the details on how we do that:To manage the service. We use the information we collect to provide our services and features to you, to measure and improve those services and features, and to provide you with customer support. We use the information to prevent potentially illegal activities, and to enforce our Terms & Conditions. To contact you. We may contact you via email with service-related announcements from time to time. If you do not wish to receive email communications from GarrisonJazz Productions, you will need to remove your account.6. How We Share InformationWe share your information with third parties when we believe the sharing is permitted by you, reasonably necessary to offer our services, or when legally required to do so. For example:When you make a payment. When you enter into transactions with others or make payments on The Music Center, we will share transaction information with only those third parties necessary to complete the transaction. We will require those third parties to agree to respect the privacy of your information.To help your friends find you. We make certain information you have posted to your profile available in search results on The Music Center to help your friends find you.To provide you with services. We may provide information to service providers that help us bring you the services we offer. For example, we may use third parties to help host our website, send out email updates about The Music Center, process payments, or provide content delivery. These service providers may have access to your personal information for use for a limited time, but when this occurs we implement reasonable contractual and technical protections to limit their use of that information to helping us provide the service.To respond to legal requests and prevent harm. We may disclose information pursuant to subpoenas, court orders, or other requests (including criminal and civil matters) if we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law. This may include respecting requests from jurisdictions outside of the United States where we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law under the local laws in that jurisdiction, apply to users from that jurisdiction, and are consistent with generally accepted international standards. We may also share information when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to prevent fraud or other illegal activity, to prevent imminent bodily harm, or to protect ourselves and you from people violating our Terms & Conditions. This may include sharing information with other companies, lawyers, courts or other government entities.7. How You Can Change or Remove InformationEditing your profile. You may change or remove your profile information at any time by going directly to your profile page. Information will be updated immediately.Deactivating or deleting your account. If you want to stop using your account you may contact technical support to have it deleted. When you delete an account, no user will be able to see it. We may save your profile information (friends, photos, etc.) for a period of time, but this information will not be publicly available in any way. Once your account has been deleted, you will not be able to reactivate your account without resubmitting your profile information. Alternatively, you can have your profile hidden so that other users cannot find you or see your information.Limitations on removal. Even after you remove information from your profile or delete your account, copies of that information may remain viewable elsewhere to the extent it has been shared with others, or it was copied or stored by other users. Additionally, we may retain certain information to prevent identity theft and other misconduct even if deletion has been requested.Backup copies. Removed and deleted information may persist in backup copies for a certain period of time, but will not be available to others.8. How We Protect InformationRisks inherent in sharing information. Although we allow you to set privacy options that limit access to your information, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We cannot control the actions of other users with whom you share your information. We cannot guarantee that only authorized persons will view your information. We cannot ensure that information you share on The Music Center will not become publicly available. We are not responsible for third party circumvention of any privacy options or security measures on The Music Center. You can reduce these risks by using common sense security practices such as choosing a strong password, using different passwords for different services, and using up to date antivirus software.Report Violations. You should report any security violations to us at techsupport@garrisonjazz.com.9. Other TermsChanges. We may change this Privacy Policy pursuant to the procedures outlined in The Music Center Terms & Conditions. Unless stated otherwise, our current privacy policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account. If we make changes to this Privacy Policy we will notify you by publication here and via your primary contact email address if you are a registered user of The Music Center.Consent to Collection and Processing in the United States. By using The Music Center, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States.Defined Terms. "Us," "we," "our," and "The Music Center" mean the same as they do in the Terms & Conditions. “Information” and “content” are used more generally and interchangeably here than in the Terms & Conditions unless otherwise limited by the context.Revision September 12, 2011