http://www.iq-mag.net/terms-and-conditions/
Login
Articles
Latest
News
Features
Comment
Covid-19 Resource Centre
Publications
IQ Magazine
International Ticketing Yearbook
European Arena Yearbook
Subscribe
Advertise
Calendar
Our Events
International Live Music Conference (ILMC)
International Festival Forum (IFF)
Futures Forum
Event Safety & Security Summit (E3S)
IPM
GEI
PROFILE
Dashboard
Account Details
Addresses
MY SUBSCRIPTION
Orders
Subscriptions
LOGOUT
x
Sign up for IQ Index
The latest industry news to your inbox.
I'd like to hear about marketing opportunities
I accept IQ Magazine's Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy
Sign up
Terms and conditions
1. User Terms
These User Terms apply to websites and products including printed publications operated and/or produced by International Live Music Conference Ltd (‘ILMC’, ‘we’ or ‘us’) from time to time. Use of this website and other sites published by us are conditional upon you accepting the following terms and conditions. Unless otherwise specified, your acceptance of this User Agreement shall be indicated by your use of and/or registration with any of our websites including www.iq-mag.net, www.ilmc.com, www.iff.rocks, www.futuresforum.live and www.e3s.world or by subscribing to IQ Magazine or any other print publications or product that we produce. By using any of our products including this website you are deemed to have accepted these User Terms.
2. Information about Us
This website is operated by International Live Music Conference Ltd, a limited liability company registered in England and Wales under company number 3007667. Our registered company address is Unit 31 Tileyard Studios, Kings Cross, London N7 9AH, UK.
3. Use of this Website
This website is designed for your personal, non-commercial use and you must not use it in any other way without our consent. Except as permitted under applicable law, you must not use, copy, translate, publish, licence or sell this website or any materials or information within it, or the structure, overall style and program code of this website without our consent. If you wish to make a request for consent, please contact hello@ilmc.com.
We are either the owner or the licensee of the intellectual property rights in the website and the Material published on it. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our site (including taking necessary steps to ensure you use up to date anti-virus software). You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access the website through your internet connection are aware of these User Terms, and that they comply with them.
4. Registration
You may access areas of this website that require registration by becoming a registered user and creating an account with us.
You must not use a false name or email or provide any false information nor impersonate another person when registering for use of this website. If you have a password for registration, you shall not share or disclose it to any third party, nor allow any third party to use your password to gain access to the areas and services for registered users. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your username and password and are solely responsible for all activities that occur under your account. We will not be responsible for any loss whatsoever arising from the misappropriation of your password by a third party.
If you no longer wish to be a registered user, you may terminate your registration by sending an email to hello@ilmc.com.
If, for any reason, we believe that you have not complied with these terms and conditions, we may, at our sole discretion, cancel your access to the registration areas of the website immediately and without prior notice.
We may refuse or remove or suspend your registration at any time.
5. Availability of this Website
We will endeavour to ensure that this website is available 24 hours per day without any interruptions. However, we reserve the right to make this website unavailable at any time or to restrict access to parts or all of it without notice.
6. Accuracy of information
Our websites (including this one) and products are general information services. We will endeavour not to make them misleading, but we cannot represent that the information accessible on them or within them is accurate, not-misleading, complete or up to date.
The contents of this website and any of our products do not constitute advice and should not be relied on in taking, or refraining from taking, any decision or action.
7. Sharing
Certain services offered on this website allow for the sharing of information you have provided to us, such as your name, company, job title and email address. The information that you share may be seen by other members. We will notify you of any service which allows your information to be shared and who it may be shared with. Where we have made settings available, we will honour the choices you make about who can see your information.
We are not obligated to publish any information and can remove it with or without notice.
8. Data Protection
We may use personal information which we hold about you to provide our products and services to you, for credit control and market research purposes and to inform you about our products and services, legal developments and training sessions or events which we believe may be of interest to you. If you do not wish to receive information from us, please email hello@ilmc.com.
We comply with all applicable Data Protection laws in the UK. You have the right, by written request, to a copy of any personal data which we hold about you.
More information about how we may use and keep information about you is contained within our Privacy Policy (LINK). The Privacy Policy is incorporated into these User terms.
9. Third Party Advertising, Sites and Links
This website may contain links to third party websites which are controlled and operated by parties other than ILMC. ILMC is not responsible for any content of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site. The inclusion of any link on the website does not imply endorsement by ILMC, and if you decide to access linked third party websites, you do so at your own risk.
This website may contain advertising submitted by third parties. Such third parties are solely responsible for the content of such advertising and for ensuring that it complies with all relevant legislation and regulations. We do not accept any responsibility for the content of any third party advertising.
10. Your contributions
You agree that any information that you provide in connection with, or which forms part of, this website, or information you provide that is published in any of our print publications will be, as far as you are aware, true and accurate and will not infringe any copyright or trade mark, or any right of privacy, publicity or personality or any other right, whether registered or unregistered, of any other nature or any person, or be obscene or libellous or blasphemous or defamatory and you agree to indemnify us against all claims, proceedings, damages, liabilities and costs, including legal costs arising out of your breach of this term.
In submitting a contribution to us, you grant us a non-exclusive, transferable, perpetual, royalty-free, worldwide licence to copy, use, reproduce, distribute, display, publish, adapt, prepare derivate works of and/or amend any contribution in any format. This licence shall include the right for any user of the website to access and use the contribution.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to make additions or deletions to, to edit, crop or arrange any contributions prior to publication. We also reserve the right not to publish a contribution in whole or in part or to remove a contribution in whole or in part.
11. Distribution of printed publications
Our magazines are distributed in the United Kingdom by Royal Mail and internationally via a mail consolidator and then local postal services. We cannot be held responsible for any failure on the part of these distribution services, once they have taken delivery of our publications.
We will not be responsible for failure to deliver the magazines if you have supplied us with an incorrect address. We reserve the right to dispose of incorrectly addressed envelopes and their contents without an obligation to refund you or any other person if they are returned to us and despite efforts to contact you we do not receive correct address details.
Our liability to you in the event of magazines being lost in despatch shall at our discretion, be limited to replacement of the missing issues, to the extent permitted by law we exclude all other liability to you. Our exclusions of liability shall not apply to any damages arising from death or personal injury caused by our negligence or that of any of our employees or agents. These Terms and Conditions do not and shall not affect your statutory rights as a consumer.
12. Subscriptions
Print Subscriptions
Magazine subscriptions last 12 months from the date of online subscription or, in the case of other methods of payment, the date that funds clear in our bank account.
If the magazine ordered changes frequency per annum, we will honour the term of the subscription.
We reserve the right not to fulfil and to cancel orders in the event of obvious inaccuracies in prices, except that we may fulfil your order at the correct price; or if we are unable to obtain payment authorisation from the issuer of your payment card.
The option to cancel a subscription and receive a refund for the remaining period of such subscription is only valid during a period of 30 days from the subscription becoming effective.
To cancel a subscription during this option period, you must inform us in writing and explain your reasons, following which a refund will be effected. After the above-mentioned 30-day period, there is no entitlement to a refund for any remaining term of a subscription.
If you are under 18 or are not using your own credit/debit card to pay for the subscription, you must ask the permission of the credit/debit card holder before entering the payment details. By clicking “Submit” you are confirming that you have obtained the express prior permission of the credit/debit card holder.
Digital and Digital + Print Subscriptions
(a) Subscription Descriptions
Digital Subscription: access to all content and articles on the IQ website.
Print & Digital subscription: Digital Subscription and the IQ Print magazine.
(b) Becoming a Subscriber
To become a subscriber, you will need to register for an IQ account in accordance with clause 4 of these terms and conditions. We reserve the right to reject any order for a subscription without giving a reason.
Once you have become a subscriber, your subscription is personal to you and non-transferable.
Depending on your chosen subscription option and payment method, subscription payments may be recurring or non-recurring and may be taken monthly or annually. Your minimum subscription term, payment method and frequency of payments will be made clear to you before you purchase your subscription and in your confirmation email.
By submitting payment details to us, you promise that you are entitled to purchase a subscription using those payment details.
All digital subscriptions are an instant access service. By purchasing a subscription you agree your access will start immediately.
(c) Cancellations
If, during the first 14 days of your subscription term (the “Cooling-Off Period”), you change your mind about your subscription, you may cancel your subscription by emailing us at subscriptions@iq-mag.net. If you haven’t made use of, or viewed, any subscriber content, we will refund any payments received from you using the same method of payment that you used to purchase your subscription. If you have viewed subscriber content, you will not be entitled to a refund.
If you cancel your subscription during the Cooling-Off Period, your access to our services will stop and you will be required to forfeit any subscription benefits that you have received.
If you decide to cancel your subscription after Cooling-Off Period, you can do so by emailing us at subscriptions@iq-mag.net. Your cancellation will take effect at the next billing date. You will continue to have access to our services and subscriber benefits until your next billing date. You are not entitled to a refund to any unused parts of your subscription.
If you receive a print subscription (including a combined print and digital subscription), you must email us at least 15 days before your next billing date. If you receive a digital only subscription, you must cancel your subscription or contact us at least 2 days before your next billing date. If you do not provide such notice, you will be required to make your next bill payment and your subscription will continue until the end of the next billing period.
(d) General
We may change our subscription prices and/or entitlements at any time with 30 days’ notice and you may cancel your subscription within this notice period. We may also, at any time and at our sole discretion, terminate your subscription with us where we believe that we have serious grounds to terminate (for example, for non-payment or breach of these terms).
13. Complaints
If you believe that your intellectual property or other rights are being infringed by this website or any of the publications, events or products offered by ILMC, or if you are dissatisfied with any aspect of our service, in the first instance please contact hello@ilmc.com or +44 (0) 203 743 0300.
Popular articles
news|07 Dec 2020
Germany announces €2.5bn event cancellation fund
news|07 Dec 2020
European leaders join forces for Solutions for Festivals
feature|07 Dec 2020
Jon Ollier: ‘The agency world has been shaken to its core’
news|09 Dec 2020
Dutch gov gives green light for January pilot events
news|08 Dec 2020
European assocs predict 6–12 month recovery period
The essential live music business newsletter
sign up
New Music Agency Playlist
Login
Sign In
Forgot Password?
Please enter your email address below. You will receive a link to reset your password.
IQ Magazine uses cookies to give users the best experience on our website. Find out more.Accept