http://www.mst3k.com/privacy-policy
facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube
Search the Site
Search
Toggle navigation
Close Navbar
ABOUT
About The Show
Characters
Episode List
Where to Watch
FAQ
Backers List
Contact
NEWS
VIDEO
TOUR
SHOP
TWITCH
Search Site
Go
Privacy Policy
Introduction
At Satellite of Love, LLC we recognize that privacy is important. This notice describes the privacy policies for Satellite of Love, LLC, mst3k.com, any other owned or related entities (“Online Privacy Policy”), as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard information. Personal information means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, a home or other physical address and an e-mail address or other contact information, whether at work or at home. In general, you can visit Satellite of Love, LLC's Web pages without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. Satellite of Love, LLC strives to comply with all applicable laws around the globe that are designed to protect your privacy, and although legal requirements may vary from country to country, Satellite of Love, LLC intends to adhere to the principles set forth in this Online Privacy Policy.
Satellite of Love, LLC and Cookies
Upon your first visit to mst3k.com, Satellite of Love, LLC sends a "cookie" to your computer. A cookie is a piece of data that identifies you as a unique user. Satellite of Love, LLC uses cookies to improve the quality of our service and to understand our user base more. Satellite of Love, LLC does this by storing user preferences and information in these cookies. Satellite of Love, LLC will not disclose its cookies to third parties except as required by a valid legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Be aware, however, that some aspects of the Satellite of Love, LLC experience may not function properly if you refuse to accept cookies.
What Information Do We Collect?
Satellite of Love, LLC collects and stores the information you enter through our website as part of a registration and purchasing process. Certain personal or identifying in formation may include: name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, and, if applicable, credit card number. Satellite of Love, LLC may also store information such as time of day, browser type, browser language, and the IP address of the machine you used to submit your personal information. Satellite of Love, LLC does not collect any additional unique information about you except if/when you specifically and knowingly provide such information. Credit card information is required before users are allowed to make purchases through our sites.
How This Information is Used
Any personal information about you that you submit may be used to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to analyze site usage, to improve our content, and personalize Satellite of Love, LLC's offerings. These uses are intended to tailor the site to better enhance your experience. Except as expressly disclosed herein, Satellite of Love, LLC does not sell, rent, or trade your personal information except within Satellite of Love, LLC, to Satellite of Love, LLC's third-party service providers (which may include business partners, sponsors and advertisers), to financial institution(s) that processes your credit card transactions, unless required by law via any valid legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order, and any other owned or related entities. If yo u choose to provide us with your personal information on the Web, we may transfer such information as described above. Without your prior consent, we will not use your personal identifiable information forany purpose other than that for which it is submitted.
Opt-Out Right
You have the right at any time to cease permitting personal information to be collected, used or disclosed by us or by any third parties with whom we have shared the information. To discontinue our use of any personal information, please contact us by e-mail, telephone, or postal mail. After processing the cancellation, we will delete your personal information from our database.
Third Party Providers
As described above, third-party providers are companies that make available services on behalf of Satellite of Love, LLC, mst3k.com, and any other owned or related entities. To those third-party providers, Satellite of Love, LLC may provide personal information to help us deliver products, information, and services.  Satellite of Love, LLC will take reasonable steps to ensure that any such third-party providers take similar steps to protect personal information on our behalf. Satellite of Love, LLC does not intend to transfer Personal information without consent to third parties who are not bound to act onSatellite of Love, LLC's behalf. Our site contains links to other sites whose information practices may be different fromours. Please consult the other sites’ privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
Security
Wherever your personal information may be held within Satellite of Love, LLC or on its behalf, we intend to take reasonable and appropriate steps toprotect the personal information that you share with us from unauthorized access or disclosure. To prevent unauthorized access, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), the strongest security available for websites. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, so that it cannot be read as the information travels from your personal computer to the receiving server. However, transmissions protected by industry standard technology and implemented by human beings can never be absolutely secure. Consequently, Satellite of Love, LLC will not be responsible for unauthorized disclosure of personal information due to no fault of Satellite of Love, LLC, including errors in transmission or unauthorized acts of third parties.
Access or Correct Your Personal Information
Help keep your personal information accurate. If your personal information has changed, please e-mail the new information to Satellite of Love, LLC, and we will update our files. If you would like to review the personal information Satellite of Love, LLC has in its files regarding you as a customer, e-mail your request to us.
Copyright
The layout, database and design of this website are protected by copyright and other laws, and may not be copied in whole or in part. No logo, graphic or image from this or any other Satellite of Love, LLC designed website may be copied or retransmitted without the express permission of Satellite of Love, LLC.
Your Consent and Changes to the Privacy Policy
By using this mst3k.com website, you consent to the terms of this Online Privacy Policy and the collection and use of your information as we have outlined above, and to our Terms of Service. Satellite of Love, LLC may decide to chan ge this Online Privacy Policy from time to time in any way, at any time without notice. In that event, any such changes will be posted to this page.
Questions Regarding This Online Privacy Policy
If you have questions or concerns about this Online Privacy Policy, please contact us by
writing to:
Satellite of Love, LLC
1640 S. Sepulveda Blvd. Ste. 400
Los Angeles, CA 90025
We will address any issue to the best of our abilities, as quickly as we can!
close
close
close
Item successfully added to your cart
Qty
Item
Description
Price
Total
View Cart
Checkout