https://www.crdm.ie/privacy-policy-2/
CUMANN RINCE DE MHEASA
Privacy Statement
Cumann Rince De Measa (the “Organisation”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. We wish to be transparent in how we process your data and show you that we are compliant with Data Protection Laws and the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) in relation to not only processing your data but ensuring you understand your rights as a member.
We are committed to protecting your personal data and right to privacy. We will always keep your personal data safe and comply with applicable data protection legislation from time to time in place.
For the purposes of Data Protection the data controller is:
Cumann Rince De Mheasa
We ask that you please take the time to read this Statement carefully as this sets out the basis upon which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
Purpose for processing personal data
The primary reason(s) we have for collecting any of your Personal Data is for the purpose of running the organisation.
What could constitute personal data?
The categories of personal data that we may collect include, but are not limited to, the following:-
Name, home address, any temporary address, phone numbers, IP address and email address.
Qualifications.
Dates of birth
School Name, class locations, times
Bank details
Next of kin and their phone number
The legal basis for the processing of personal data:-
When a person becomes a member of the Organisation and they accept the terms and rules of the Organisation they give consent to the processing of his/her personal data for the purposes of running the Organisation. Data will be processed by the Organisation in the legitimate interests of running the Organisation.
The identity of those to whom personal data may be disclosed:-
In the normal course of running the Organisation and in the course of meeting our obligations as required by law, we may need to share/disclose personal data to a third party/parties including, but not limited to:
Members of the Organisation
Members of other Irish Dancing Organisations
An Garda Siochana
Dancers and their Parents/Guardians
Adjudicators
Musicians
Vendors
Details of any transfers outside of the EEA:-
It may be necessary in terms of fulfilling our obligations to transfer client personal data  outside the EEA: for example to communicate with parties located in jurisdictions outside the EEA in order to discharge our functions in running the Organisation.
What are your rights with respect to the processing of personal data?
Please note that under the GDPR, you have the following rights in respect of your personal data:-
The right to access the personal data we hold about you.
The right to require us to rectify any inaccurate personal data about you without undue delay.
The right to have us erase any personal data we hold about you in circumstances where the processing is no longer necessary or where you withdraw your consent or where there is no overriding lawful basis for the processing.
The right to request a restriction of the processing of your personal data.
The right to data portability only in circumstances where the processing is carried out by automated means, is based on consent, or for the performance of a contract with the data controller and to the extent that it does not affect the rights and freedoms of others.
Where processing is based on consent – the right to withdraw consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
The right to lodge a complaint with the Office of the Data Protection Commissioner.
In order to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us (see ‘Contact Us’ below). We may request that you provide proof of your identity for security reasons. We will respond to your request within one month. That period may be extended by two further months where necessary, taking into account the complexity and number of requests.  We have the right to refuse your request where there is a basis to do so in law, or if your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive, or to the extent necessary for important objectives of public interest.
Details of automated decision making:-
The Organisation does not engage in any automated decision making or profiling.
How we keep your data safe
We ensure that there are appropriate technical and organisational controls in place to protect your personal details.
We undertake regular reviews of who has access to information which we hold to ensure that your information is only accessible by the appropriate people.
Contact Us
Questions, comments, requests and complaints regarding this privacy statement and the personal data we hold should be addressed to the chairperson of CRDM
Changes to this privacy statement
We reserve the right to change this privacy statement from time to time at our sole discretion.
Search
Latest News
Covid19 – Update
CRDM & RTN Affiliation
Please follow & like us :)
Please review the CRDM Privacy Policy that sets out what data we will store and manage with consent provided by you by accessing this site. Find out more.