http://www.nyoi.ie/privacy-and-terms/
Privacy & Terms
Back
Privacy and use of your personal informationWe respect your right to privacy. Where personal details are submitted by users, either by email or via telephone, this information is treated in strict confidence. This information may be shared by consultants working within NYOI, but will never be sold or supplied to any third parties for the purposes of selling or marketing to you. We have done our utmost to ensure that any data is stored securely and effectively, to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure of same.If you have any queries or questions about privacy and/or security of your personal data please contact us on +353 (0)41 9880515 or info@nyoi.ieCookiesThis website uses a Google Analytics tracking cookie which has been set to anonymise traffic data.Google Analytics with anonymised IP: Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.This integration of Google Analytics anonymises your IP address. It works by shortening Users' IP addresses within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.This information is stored by Google and subject to their privacy policy, which can be viewed here: http://www.google.com/privacyGoogle Analytics Opt-out Google have developed a Google Analytics opt-out browser extension to provide the ability to prevent any data from being used for analytics.Terms and ConditionsYour use constitutes acceptance of these Terms and Conditions as at the date of your first use of the site. You agree to use this site only for lawful purposes, and in a manner which does not infringe the rights, or restrict, or inhibit the use and enjoyment of the site by any third party.Copyright restrictions: a. Commercial use or publication of all or any item item displayed is strictly prohibited without prior authorisation from NYOI.b. Documents may be copied for personal use only on the condition that copyright and source indications are also copied, no modifications are made and the document is copied entirely. However, some documents and photos have been published on this site with the permission of the relevant copyright owners. All rights are reserved on these documents and permission to copy them must be requested from the copyright owners (the sources are indicated within these documents/photographs).This site and the information, names, images, pictures, logos regarding or relating to NYOI are provided "as is" without any representation or endorsement made and without warranty of any kind whether express or implied. In no event will we be liable for any damages including, without limitation, indirect or consequential damages, or any damages whatsoever arising from the use or in connection with such use or loss of use of the site, whether in contract or in negligence.We do not warrant that the functions contained in the material contained in this site will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs or represents the full functionality, accuracy and reliability of the materials.The Site contains links to third party websites. These links are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by NYOI of the content on such third party websites.These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Ireland, and the parties hereby submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Irish courts to settle any disputes that may arise in connection with these terms and conditions.By accessing or using our service, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions above. Any changes to our terms and privacy statements will be posted on this page.