http://www.rmpbs.org/about/privacy/
Rocky Mountain Public Media (RMPM) Privacy Policy
Effective date: 8/7/2015This policy applies to all websites owned and operated by Rocky Mountain Public Media (RMPM), including rmpbs.org and kuvo.org (collectively or individually, Websites). RMPM does business as KUVO and Rocky Mountain PBS. This privacy policy does not apply to any external websites that the Websites link to.RMPM collects the personal information that the Websites’ visitors submit to the Websites. This includes names, email addresses, and any other information you provide while interacting with the Websites; for example, by entering contests, signing up for newsletters, buying products, commenting on website content, or donating to Rocky Mountain PBS and/or KUVO. This information is used for the purposes you submit it for (notifying you if you win a contest, sending you newsletters, processing orders, etc.). If you post a comment on any of RMPM’s social media (including YouTube, Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, and Google+) or on or through the Websites, RMPM may use your comments with your first name, last initial, and city or Twitter handle (if given) elsewhere on our website or in our other materials used to promote RMPM and its broadcast and other services to the community. If you do not wish your comment to be used for promotional purposes, you may opt-out by contacting Audience Services.RMPM also collects and maintains databases of this information for internal marketing and development purposes and to improve the services RMPM offers the Websites’ visitors. RMPM collects the IP addresses associated with computers that visit the Websites, but RMPM will not associate your IP address with your name or other personally identifiable information.RMPM occasionally shares the names and addresses of some of its donors with other preapproved nonprofit organizations. If you would prefer not to have your information shared, you can opt out by contacting Audience Services (contact information below) and requesting to opt out.RMPM will never share the personal information of the Websites’ visitors, Rocky Mountain PBS and/or KUVO’s members or donors with any political party, candidate for public office, or political fundraising organization.If you would like to find out more about the information RMPM has in its database, to edit the information we have on file or to edit your sharing preferences, please contact Audience Services. Audience Services handles donor information requests for both KUVO and Rocky Mountain PBS.Audience Services1089 Bannock St.Denver, CO 80204800-274-6666303-892-6666viewer@rmpbs.org
Providing Support for RMPBS
Learn More
Join Our Weekly Newsletter:
An error has occured. Subscription failed!
Send