http://www.stanzapoetry.org/terms-conditions
Skip to main content
Festival 2021 »
Terms & Conditions
Privacy
StAnza respects the privacy of every individual who visits this website. If you provide us with contact details, for example by signing up for our email newsletter, we will not use the information for any other purpose, nor will we disclose it to any third party. More information on
StAnza's Privacy Notice.pdf .
Ticketing
The "Buy Tickets" functionality on our website is provided by the Byre Theatre secure Spektrix ticketing system. At no point does StAnza have any access to your booking requests, your contact information or your bank details. Any queries about ticket purchases you have made online should be directed to the Byre Theatre.
Copyright Statement
Copyright in all content on this website, unless stated otherwise, remains with StAnza. No part of this website should be duplicated on any other part of the Internet without permission from StAnza.
Covid-19
StAnza 2021 will mostly take place online. All in-person events, exhibitions or installations in our programme depend on government regulations and guidance in force for the period of the festival. If these take place, they will be delivered in association with venues or partners who are committed to being fully Covid-19 safe and Covid-19 compliant. All members of the public should observe and comply with appropriate social distancing, mask wearing, hand sanitizing and other hygiene precautions. However, notwithstanding the foregoing, any engagement with in-person events at StAnza is undertaken by members of the public at their own risk. StAnza cannot accept any liability in respect of Covid-19 safely compliance by members of the public or any incidence of infection amongst those choosing to engage with our in-person events.
Disclaimer
Every care is taken to ensure that the information on the StAnza website is accurate at the time of publication. If errors are brought to our attention, we will do our best to correct them. We accept no responsibility or liability for any loss, damage or inconvenience caused as a result of any error or inaccuracy within this website.
The StAnza website contains references to external sources, including links to external sites, over which we have no control. Although every effort is made to check all external sources, links to other websites imply neither responsibility for, nor endorsement of, the information contained in those other websites.
Festival 2021 »
Overview
Events
Poets & Artists
Venues & Access
Plan Your Visit
How to Book
Accommodation
Travel
St Andrews
Previously at StAnza »
Browse and search past festivals, brochures, poets & artists.
Explore Past Festivals »
Poetry Map »
@StAnzaPoetry
Like us on Facebook
Follow us on Instagram
Follow us on Flickr