http://www.pastelsandpencils.com/privacy.html
Pastels and Pencils - Privacy Policy
Pastels and Pencils
Privacy Policy
Menu
HOME
About the Artist
Exhibitions
Flowers and Plants
Places
Still Life
Life
Travels with a sketchbook
How to Sketch
Art Materials for Artists
Making A Mark Publications
Site Map
Pastels and Pencils Privacy PolicyI am committed to protecting your privacy and personal information and will never abuse your trust.   I'm also legally obliged to use any information you supply in line with all laws concerning the protection of personal information, including the Data Protection Act 1998 (these laws are referred to collectively in this Privacy Policy as the "data protection laws").  This Privacy Policy explainswhat information is collected how information is stored how information is usedIt also provides links to the Privacy Policy of an organisation providing webware used by this website. Newsletters and email addressesMy Privacy Policy in relation to newsletters and e-mail addresses is simple.  email addresses collected by this site are only used for newsletters and related mailings relating to the page where you submitted your email address.  I aim to make mailing lists particular to people's interests so you may need to enter your e-mail address more than once.I won't contact you for marketing purposes or to promote new additions to the website to you except in relation to the page you signed up on.  This is why I have separate e-mail addresses - I can tailor information specifically to your interests. The way the Sitekreator webware works means that your email address is stored on the Sitekreator servers.   Sitekreator is the company which provides the webware for this website and you can read their privacy policy on their legal page.  Email addresses will never be passed by me to anyone else or any other organisation for any reason whatsoever!  That means they will never be sold, rented, or leased to any other party. If you have any queries you can contact me via the e-mail address listed on 'About the Artist'Cookies and statistical data You are also assured of privacy relating to to data collected for statistical purposesVery many websites, including this one, send you a cookie when you visit the site in order to collect data to track traffic flows.  A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes a unique identifier that is sent to your computer or other device browser from a website's computer and is stored on your device's hard drive.  Whether or not you receive a cookie depends on your browser settings.  Cookies record information about the location of your IP provider, technical data about your computer and data about which pages you look at on this website and how these were accessed.  They do not tell me who the person is or anything else about the person viewing the site.   If you have a website or blog yourself then you are probably collecting statistical data relating to traffic flows in a very similar way.  Cookie data helps me to understand which pages are the most popular and how somebody arrived at the site eg from an art forum or via a search on Google.  It also enables me to know what format most people are using to view pages which helps with design and accessibility issues.All data collected via this site is initially collected, stored and analysed by third parties.  Sitekreator provides me with basic statistics.  I get more information using a statistical packages (Statcounter).  I am able to download some data to my own computer.   All data collected is anonymous and is collected solely for statistical purposes, to improve the service offered and is not used to identify individuals.  You can also read the Statcounter Privacy PolicyLast updated: January 2009
Powered by
EditEmailPrint