http://www.deveresociety.co.uk/privacy-statement
Privacy Statement Home   / Privacy Statement
DATA PROTECTION POLICY
General Data Protection Regulation 25 May 2018
The de Vere Society is committed to protecting your data in accordance with our legal obligations.
We hold data in respect of all our members including names, addresses, and date and amount of most recent subscription. We hold email addresses of the majority of our members. We hold telephone numbers in respect of a minority of our members. We hold email addresses of a small number of supporters who are not members.
All the information we hold has come from members and supporters themselves. We therefore assume that each member and supporter is happy for us to hold this information.
We will respond within 14 days to any request by a member or supporter to know what information we hold in respect of them.
Any member may ensure the withdrawal or alteration of the data held on him/her at any time upon request.
This information will be available to Committee members of DVS.
Names and addresses only will be shared with our Printers for the time being (presently Digital Print FX, Segensworth) for the purpose of circulating our Newsletters. This will be on the contractual condition that they do not share the information with any other person or body.
Data will not be shared with any other person or body without giving 21 days’ notice to members giving them the opportunity to request that all or specified information on them be withheld.
Our Data Protection Officer, Amanda Hinds, is responsible for the administration of this policy. DVS shall comply with the Principles in the EU General Data Protection Regulation. We shall not keep any special categories of personal data of our members. We shall store members’ data securely.
Written 21 May 2018 | Agreed by the Committee 12 September 2018
Updated Privacy Notice
This privacy notice sets out the way we process your personal information and details how we use your data as a member of The de Vere Society. We will keep this page updated so that you can be confident when sharing your information with us that it will be used only for what we describe here.
The de Vere Society is a registered charity (number 297855) with its registered office at PO Box 1904, Southampton, SO15 9LQ, United Kingdom. The de Vere Society is the data controller of your personal data and is subject to the Data Protection Act 1998 (DPA) and the General Data Protection Regulation 2018 (GDPR).
How we collect your information
We may collect your personal information in a few limited ways, namely:
Directly from you, when you fill in an application form for membership; when you make enquiries on our website; or when you interact with us during your time as a member in various other ways (for example, when you attend our AGM, or other events organised by us).
From someone else who has bought membership on your behalf (for example, where they have bought Society membership for you as a gift and provided us with your contact details for that purpose).
The types of information we collect
We may collect the following types of personal data about you:
Contact and communications information (including name(s), email address(es), telephone numbers and postal address(es) and records of communications and interactions we have had with you).
Financial information if payments are made online (but not your payment card details, which we do not store ourselves).
Certain other information which you volunteer when making use of your membership benefits (for example, when attending Society events or submitting articles for our newsletter or website pages).
How we use personal information
Personal information provided to us will be used for the purposes outlined at the time of collection/application in accordance with the preferences you express. Personal data collected and processed by us may be used for the following purposes:
Administration of membership(s).
Communication about our work, membership, and other activities that we think may be of interest to you.
Tailoring our messages to our potential and existing members to ensure all marketing communications you receive from us are relevant; and when sent by electronic means, where we have your consent.
Your marketing preferences
The de Vere Society will always act upon your wishes in respect of what type of communications you want to receive and how you want to receive them. There are some communications, however, that we need to send you as essential information to fulfil our contractual obligations to you as a member of The de Vere Society. Examples of this type of communication would be:
Transaction notifications, such as payment receipts or membership confirmations.
Membership related mailings such as your renewal reminder, our quarterly newsletter, Society events, and AGM notices.
You can update your choices and/or your contact details by contacting us at:
Email: admin@deveresociety.co.uk
Post:   The de Vere Society, PO Box 1904,Southampton, SO15 9LQ
Sharing your information with others
We do not sell or share your personal information for other organisations to use other than as set out below. Personal data collected and processed by us may be shared with the following groups where necessary:
Society Committee members, for the purposes of administering your membership and giving you access to the full range of membership benefits to which you are entitled.
Our Contractors, such as our website developer (currently Elevate (UK) Limited, Southampton) and our newsletter print and distribution company (currently Digital Print FX, Segensworth).
When we allow such third parties access to your information, we will always have complete control of what they see, what they are allowed to do with it, and for how long they can store and use it.
How long your information is kept
We hold your information only as long as necessary for each purpose we use it. For most membership data, this means we retain it for so long as you have a valid Society membership and for a period of six years after your last interaction with us (for accounting, tax reporting and record-keeping purposes).
Your rights
You have the right to ask us, in writing, for a copy of all the personal data held about you (as a ‘subject access request’). A copy will be sent to you as soon as possible and this will be no later than one month after your request. If you would like to access your personal data held by us, please apply in writing to our membership team at:  admin@deveresociety.co.uk
Under the DPA, you also have the following rights:
To require us to not send you marketing communications;
To require that we cease processing your personal data if the processing is causing you damage or distress;
To require us to correct the personal data we hold about you if it is inaccurate;
To request that we erase your personal data (other than where we are required by law to hold this data, for example by HMRC);
To request that we restrict our data processing activities (and, where our processing is based on your consent, you may withdraw that consent, without affecting the lawfulness of our processing based on consent before its withdrawal);
To receive from us the personal data we hold about you which you have provided to us, in a reasonable format specified by you;
To object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to any of our particular processing activities where you feel this has a disproportionate impact on your rights.
Updating and amending your personal information
We will always try to keep your data as up-to-date as possible.  If, at any time, you want to update or amend your personal data or marketing preferences then you can do so by contacting our membership team at:  admin@deveresociety.co.uk  or by post to:
The de Vere Society, PO Box 1904, Southampton, SO15 9LQ
The verification, updating or amendment of personal data will take place within 28 days of receipt of your request.
Contact and complaints
If you have any queries about this Privacy Notice or how we process your personal information, or if you wish to exercise any of your rights under applicable law, you may contact the Hon. Secretary of the Society at: admin@deveresociety.co.uk or by post to:
The de Vere Society, PO Box 1904, Southampton, SO15 9LQ
If you are not satisfied with how we are processing your personal information, you can make a complaint to the Information Commissioner. You can find out more about your rights under applicable data protection legislation from the Information Commissioner’s Office website available at: www.ico.org
Updated January 2020 | Agreed by the Committee 27 February 2020
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we acknowledge you are happy with this.OkNoCookie Policy