http://www.eslemployment.com/advertising-terms.php
Toggle navigation
Home
Job Seekers
Articles
Resources
ESL Forum
Testimonials
Employers
Post Free Jobs
Advertising Terms
The following terms and conditions (the “Standard Terms”) shall
govern the GetIt Insertion Order Campaign Form.
Description of Host Network.
Provider operates multiple sites on the World Wide Web (the “Host
Network”). The Host Network contains Advertisements for third party job
postings. For purposes of this Agreement, the term “Advertisement”
refers to a graphical and/or text-based description of a job posting
which, when accessed by a user, moves users from the Host Network to
site(s) designated by the Customer.
Undertaking to Provide Advertising Services.
Customer operates site(s) on the World Wide Web. Customer wishes to
place Advertisements on the Host Network. With this Agreement, Customer
requests the Provider to provide the services stated in Section 4, and
Provider agrees to provide those services, for a term specified on the
GetIt Insertion Order Campaign Form.
Advertisement.
Customer will submit its Advertisement(s) to the Provider in a
format mutually agreed to by both parties (Advertising Submission
Specifications). Provider may, in its sole judgment, reject any
Advertisement which does not meet the Advertising Submission
Specifications, and it reserves the right to reject or terminate the
display of an Advertisement if it fails to conform to applicable laws
and regulations, Host Network’s policies, or the public interest.
Provider may reject or remove an Advertisement which is not functional
or which Provider deems unsuitable for linking.
Description of Advertising Services.
Provider agrees to display the Advertisement(s) on the Host
Network.
Obligations of Provider.
Reports.
Provider will provide Customer a daily report that will include the
number of clicks generated on the Advertisement(s) and the pending
charges to Customer. Billing will be based on Provider’s click
reporting. Customer shall have the right to use such data for its
internal business purposes, but may not provide such data for use by
third parties. Customer acknowledges that click counts, spend, and
other key metrics provided by Provider are the official, definitive
measurements of performance on any delivery obligations provided in the
Insertion Order.
Warranties.
Provider warrants to Customer that it will make a reasonable effort
to perform its services under this Agreement in a competent manner.
Provider does not warrant that it will be able to correct all reported
defects or that use of the Host Network, Advertisement, or that the
link(s) from the Advertisement(s) will be uninterrupted or error-free.
Provider makes no warranty regarding features or services provided by
third parties.
PROVIDER DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT
LIMITATION, THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD
PARTY RIGHTS, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
Hardware and Software.
Provider reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to determine
all matters concerning hardware and software selection and
configuration, telecommunications, system components, advertising
categories, positioning of Customer’s Advertisement(s), and other
operational and administrative matters for the Host Network.
Advertising Fee.
For the services described in Section 4, Customer agrees to pay
Provider the fee described in the Insertion Order attached hereto
and/or provided from time to time. Upon termination, Customer agrees to
pay for all valid clicks generated up to the date of termination.
Provider will invoice Customer from time to time, typically on a
monthly basis. Customer agrees to pay each invoice within 30 days from
the date of issuance. Amounts paid after the due date shall bear
interest at a rate of 1.5% per month, plus collection costs (including,
without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees), until paid in full.
Provider reserves the right to terminate or suspend this Agreement
immediately upon failure to make timely payment.
Intellectual Property Rights.
Each party to this Agreement owns its respective Web site and the
material and content on its Web site. Nothing in this Agreement grants
to one party any right, title, or license to the other party’s
intellectual property rights.
Nothing in this Agreement grants Customer any right to use the
name, trademark, or service mark of Provider in any advertisement,
sales promotion or press release without Provider’s prior written
approval.
Warranties of Customer.
The Customer warrants that the Advertisement:
Is truthful and will not violate any foreign, federal, state or
local law or regulation;
Will not infringe or misappropriate any copyright, trademark,
patent, trade secrets, publicity or privacy rights of any person or
third-party in any jurisdiction;
Does not contain any material which is unlawful, harmful, abusive,
hateful, obscene, threatening, or defamatory.
Customer agrees to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Provider,
its officers, directors, sublicensees, employees and agents, from and
against any claims, actions or demands, including without limitation
reasonable legal and accounting fees, alleging or resulting from the
breach of the warranties in this section. Provider shall provide notice
to Customer promptly of any such claim, suit, or proceeding and shall
assist Customer, at Customer’s expense, in defending any such claim,
suit or proceeding.
Liability of Provider.
Customer agrees that Provider’s liability for any error in
displaying the Advertisement(s) or any failure under this Agreement
shall be limited to the Advertising Fees paid by Customer for the
Advertisement(s) at issue or discount(s) against fees owes for clicks.
If Provider is unable to display the Advertisement(s) at any time
during the term of this Agreement due to acts of God, war, riot,
strikes, system or transmission failure, or for any other reason beyond
its reasonable control, such failure to display the Advertisement will
not constitute a breach of this Agreement.
IN NO EVENT SHALL PROVIDER BE LIABLE, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE, FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST SALES OR PROFIT, LOST DATA,
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR ATTORNEYS’ FEES), EVEN IF NOTIFIED IN ADVANCE
OF SUCH POSSIBILITY.
Termination and Renewal.
Either party may terminate this Agreement for any reason upon 72
hours written or electronic notice.
Provider may terminate this Agreement immediately and remove the
Advertisement(s) if the Provider believes in its sole discretion that
the Advertisement breaches any warranty. In the event of such
termination, Provider shall be entitled to receive full payment for all
Advertising Fees incurred by Customer up to the date of termination.
If not terminated, this Agreement will renew for successive
monthly terms upon the expiration of the period set forth in Section
2.
The following provisions shall survive termination of this
Agreement: Sections 8 and 9.
Miscellaneous.
This Agreement and the interpretation thereof will be governed by
and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Maryland,
without regard to its choice of law rules, and the venue for any
action, suit, claim, or other contested matter shall be in the Circuit
Court for Montgomery County, Maryland.
This Agreement, including any Exhibits to this Agreement,
constitutes the entire agreement between the parties relating to this
subject matter and supersedes all prior or simultaneous
representations, discussions, negotiations, and agreements, whether
written or oral.
The Agreement may not be modified except by written instrument
signed by both parties. No term or provision hereof will be considered
waived by either party, and no breach excused by either party, unless
such waiver or consent is in writing signed on behalf of the party
against whom the waiver is asserted. No consent by either party to, or
waiver of, a breach by either party, whether express or implied, will
constitute a consent to, waiver of, or excuse of any other, different,
or subsequent breach by either party.
Customer may not assign its rights or obligations arising under
this Agreement without Provider’s prior written consent. Provider may
assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement. This Agreement
will be for the benefit of Provider’s successors and assigns, and will
be binding on Customer’s heirs, legal representatives and permitted
assignees.
If Provider must take steps to enforce Customer’s obligations
under this Agreement, Provider will be entitled to collect is legal
costs, expenses, attorneys’ fees, expert witness fees and out-of-pocket
costs incurred in connection with such proceeding, in addition to any
other relief to which it may be entitled.