https://www.gtguk.com/privacy-policy
Godalming Theatre Group - Privacy PolicyIntroducton:
Godalming Theatre Group takes your privacy very seriously and we want to assure you that we are not in the business of selling, renting or trading email lists with other groups, companies or businesses, we never have been, and we promise we never will be.
So that you realise how seriously we are taking the new GDPR regulations we’ve provided information on when and why we collect your personal information, how we use it, the conditions under which we would disclose it to others and how we keep it secure. So, if you are into that sort of thing, keep reading.
When do we collect your personal data?
When you apply to join Godalming Theatre Group as a Member, Youth Member, Patron, Friend or Performing Member.
When you purchase tickets to any of our shows.
When you contact us by any means with questions or queries, etc.
What information do we collect?
When joining Godalming Theatre Group you will be asked for your name and contact details (mailing address, email address and/or phone number).
As a performer you may be asked to list previous shows that you have performed in (to gauge experience only) and your current measurements (for purposes of costuming only).
If you are performing in one of our shows and under the age of 16 we are required by law to apply for a license to enable you to perform with us in accordance with Surrey County Council’s Child Employment Regulations.
Information required for a license includes but is not limited to: Date of birth, school attended, Parent/Guardian contact details.
Those purchasing tickets or paying membership fees will be asked for contact details and payment details.
Why do we collect your personal data?
To keep you up to date with our programme of upcoming events, auditions and all GTG news via periodic emails.
We use a third-party provider, MailChimp, to deliver our newsletter. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter. For more information, please see MailChimp’s privacy notice.
You can unsubscribe to our mailings at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails or by emailing our data protection officer Jenny Seddon.
In order to process ticket orders and membership subscriptions.
Ticket sales and payments are managed by The Little Box Office. Please see The Little Box Office’s privacy notice.
When you purchase a ticket (or tickets) through The Little Box Office online your name, address data, email and contact number will be stored in the Box Office system. You may, of course, purchase a ticket (or tickets) in person without supplying the aforementioned personal data.
Membership subscriptions are managed via PayPal – Their privacy information can be found here
What Information do we share with Third Parties?
We don’t sell, trade or share any personally identifiable information with third parties unless required by law in the case of our performers under the age of 16.
This excludes trusted third parties who assist us by operating our box office services (The Little Box Office) and subscription fee banking (PayPal).
How do we protect your information?
We have a variety of measures to maintain the safety of your information.
We secure access to our database via password protection.
Access to your personal information
You are entitled to view, amend, or delete the personal information that we hold. Please send a message via our Contact Us page for the attention of our data protection officer, Jenny Seddon.