https://www.bundoo.com/privacy-policy
Interactivation Health Networks, LLC, d/b/a The Wellness Network (“we”, “us”, “our” or “Company”), the owners and operators of Bundoo.com (“Bundoo” or “Site”), take your privacy seriously and want you (“User,” “you” or “your”) to understand how we collect, use and disclose information about you. We prepared this Privacy Policy to explain those issues.
Capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Policy will have the meanings set forth in the Terms and Conditions (click here), which are incorporated herein by reference.
1. Information That We Collect About You
We may collect personal information from you in the following circumstances:
When you wish to participate in Bundoo Groups or comment on Bundoo content, you will need to create an account (either as prompted to you by any page on Bundoo or if registering through Facebook, as prompted to you through that method of registration). When you create an account through the Site, we ask you for some basic information, including name, date of birth, city, email address, password, as well as information relating to your family, including your parenting status (expecting, current children), and the gender and age of your children. If you choose to register through Facebook, in addition to asking you for the basic information mentioned in the previous sentence, we will also extract certain personal information from your Facebook account, such as your first and last name, e-mail address, friend list and public profile. In addition, we may also extract such other personal information that your privacy settings on your Facebook account permit us to access. If you do not wish for the Company to extract personal information from your Facebook account, please do not register or login to Bundoo through Facebook. In addition, when you wish to utilize the “Ask A Doctor” feature of the Site (which is a fee-only service), we also ask you to provide your name, city, state and credit card information for payment. Every account holder has a profile, which is how the account holder appears to other users of Bundoo. This profile consists of your profile name and an image or avatar you choose (profile picture), as well as basic information such as your term of membership in the Bundoo community and any family/personal information you wish to divulge. As mentioned in the Terms and Conditions, you can manage the privacy settings of your profile by selecting the settings tab followed by the privacy tab within your profile. There are three (3) privacy setting options to choose from as follows and as further set forth on the Site: (a) “Anyone can see My Profile”, (b) “Only Bundoo members can follow me or see My Profile”, or (c) “Nobody can follow me or see My Profile”. If you register using Facebook, please note that this registration method automatically defaults to the privacy setting “Only Bundoo members can follow me or see My Profile”. To change this automatic default setting, select the settings tab followed by the privacy tab within your profile. Please note that with each of the aforementioned privacy settings, including with respect to the privacy setting “Nobody can follow me or see My Profile”, users can see the first name, first letter of the last name and profile picture that you decide to utilize in your profile. NOTE: If you wish to remain anonymous, please do not register or login using Facebook and please do not use your real name or other information (including, for example, uploading a profile picture of yourself) that could be used to identify you when creating your profile. Additionally, when posting on the Site (including questions, comments or other submissions), do not include your real name or any other information that could be used to identify you.
When you participate in the Site’s community areas and other public forums such as the Bundoo “Parenting Community”, you control the information you wish to display or share with other members of the Bundoo community. Any information you wish to display or share on the Site’s community areas and other public forums is by design open to the public and is not private, provided however that you do have the ability to create and/or join private groups which allow you to invite and/or share content with other users in the private group (as applicable) (NOTE: When creating a private group, the title and creator of the group is visible to the public and the creator of the group can receive invitation requests from non-group members). What you post can be seen in the Site’s community areas and other public forums (except that as mentioned above, content posted in private groups can be seen by other members in the private group). We cannot control or predict the disclosure to, collection by or use by (including to contact you for unauthorized purposes) third parties of the information you post or disclose. As with any public forum or any site, it is possible that the information you post may also show up in third-party search engines.
When you participate in the “Ask A Doctor” feature of the Site, you can ask a question to a Bundoo Professional, subject to the Terms and Conditions. These questions and the answers that the Bundoo Professional provides are not shared with other Bundoo members, although the answers provided are the intellectual property of the Company and can be personalized and repeated in whole or part for other Ask A Doctor questions, without divulging your identity or connection to the original question. In addition, they may be shared or viewed with other Bundoo Professionals and/or Company personnel for purposes of administering the efficiency of the Site and the “Ask A Doctor” feature. You control the information you wish to display or share when using the “Ask A Doctor” feature. However, you should abide by the rules regarding the “Ask A Doctor” feature delineated in the Terms and Conditions.
When you visit the Site to purchase a gift for someone, we ask you for information such as your name, postal/billing address, e-mail address, date of birth, phone number and credit card information. In addition, as part of your purchase of a gift, we will ask you to submit personally identifying information about the Recipient, such as the Recipient’s name and e-mail address.
When you partake in certain promotions, you will be required to submit personally identifying information about yourself or others. For example, you might be required to send another person’s name and e-mail address to us in connection with a promotion that requires you to refer a friend to the Site. We may identify you as the person who made the referral in the e-mail sent to your referral. By entering into such promotion, you will be confirming that your referral has consented to the supply of their personally identifying information. In addition, as part of a promotion, you will be required to create an account on the Site and provide information such as your name, username, password, e-mail address, and date of birth. In addition, if the promotion pertains to the Ask A Doctor Subscription, at the time that you sign up for the promotion, you will be required to provide your postal/billing address, phone number and credit card information. This information is needed to automatically subscribe you to the Ask A Doctor Subscription for the period delineated in the promotion unless you desire not to purchase the subscription by cancelling your subscription within the payments tab of your profile settings at least 10 days before the promotion period ends or notify us of your desire not to purchase the subscription by e-mailing us at support@bundoo.com 10 days before the promotion period ends.
When you visit our Site or send us correspondence via e-mail, we automatically collect certain information about you. For example, we collect your Internet protocol (IP) address and information regarding your use of our Site. We also store information about you on our computers through the use of “cookies” and other technology.
During your account setup (if registering on Bundoo) and at various times as you use the Site, you will be given the option of providing us with certain personal information in order to receive recurring information/promotional newsletters or e-mails by the Company and/or directly from third parties, including any of our sponsors or advertising partners. Please note that when registering using Facebook, you will automatically receive Bundoo newsletters and Site activity alerts.   You can manage your preferences for communications by selecting the settings tab followed by the communications tab within your profile.  Additionally, you can choose to opt out of receiving such information or unsubscribe from a newsletter by following the directions at the bottom of the newsletter or by e-mailing us at support@bundoo.com.
When you join our sampling program, Bundoo Bundles.
From time to time, we may conduct online research surveys through e-mail invitations or pop-up surveys. When you participate in a survey, we may ask you to enter certain personal information.
On the Site, we may also use web beacons or pixel tags and also collect traffic data. These items help us to analyze our users’ online behavior and collect other data, such as page views or advertising responses. Pixel tags also allow us to send you e-mail in a format that you can read and let us know when you have opened an e-mail message from us. Pixel tags may also be used to deliver cookies. We may also use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Site. These companies may use non-personally-identifying information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
We may also obtain information about you through third party sources. For example, we might receive information about you from credit card companies.
2. Persons Under the Age of 18
We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 18, and this Site is not designed to be used by anyone under the age of 18. If we learn that we have received information from an individual under the age of 18, we will use that information only to respond to that individual that he or she cannot use our Site and we will delete that information from our servers.
3. Uses of the Information We Collect
We use certain information that you provide to us to enable your use of the Site, fulfill the orders that you place with us, provide customer support, verify your identity, administer your account, respond to your inquiries and send you administrative communications about the Site, obtain your feedback about the Site, statistically analyze user behavior and activity, including how frequently areas of the Site are visited, request feedback or participation in online surveys, organize and carry out Bundoo’s marketing or promotional operations/offers, sweepstakes and similar events, provide you with more relevant content or advertising on the Site, detect and investigate activities that may violate our policies or be illegal, resolve disputes, and enforce our Terms and Conditions. We may use and disclose personal information for purposes of processing your gift or your registration for the “Ask A Doctor” feature. This may require disclosing information to third parties. For example, we have to disclose information to the credit card company in connection with your purchase of a fee-only service. We can use and disclose personal information (including to third parties) in the event that we have a legal dispute with you, including, without limitation, enforcing our Terms and Conditions. Under certain circumstances, we may be required to provide personal information to third parties. For example, we may be asked to provide personal information in response to a search warrant, court order or judicial proceeding. We may also disclose or share personal information with third parties as described in other sections of this Privacy Policy. If we sell our business, we may provide personal information to the purchaser.
If you voluntarily share your employer, hospital, or doctor information in association with your account, you acknowledge that your Personal Health Information may be disclosed without your written authorization to a HIPAA business associate (who has committed to protect the privacy and security of your health information).
4. Other Websites
The Site may contain links to other websites, including, for example, a tool that allows you to register or login to Bundoo through Facebook.  By clicking on these links, you will leave the Site and this Privacy Policy will no longer apply. The information practices of these other websites may be different than ours. You should consult the other websites’ privacy notices, as we have no control over the information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
Note that our sampling program, Bundoo Bundles, is powered by Sampler. By signing up, you’ll be leaving Bundoo and sharing your information with Sampler. If you intend to participate in this program, please review the Bundoo Bundles Terms and Conditions.
5. Updating/Removing Your Information
If you do not want your personal information to be used by the Company as provided in this Privacy Policy, you should not use this Site or open an account. You can update or correct the information you provided in your account by logging into your account and making the desired changes. If you desire to close your account, please contact us using the contact information set forth below. Please review the Terms and Conditions for the Company’s Cancellation and Refund Policy in connection with Ask A Doctor Subscriptions. Within a reasonable time of your request and to the extent feasible, we will delete your information from our active databases. Please note that we may be required to retain certain information by law and pursuant to our internal records retention policies.
6. Opt-Out
You can choose to opt out of receiving recurring information/promotional newsletters by the Company and/or directly from third parties, including any of the Company’s sponsors or advertising partners, by following the directions at the bottom of any such communication or by e-mailing us at support@bundoo.com.
7. Security
While we endeavor to protect the information you provide in accordance with industry standards and technology, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information or any other information you provide and shall not be responsible for breaches of security.
8. Modifications
This Privacy Policy may be modified, altered or updated at any time without prior notice. Such modifications, alterations, or updates shall become effective immediately upon being posted on the Site.
9. How to Contact Us
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, or if you think that we have used your personal information in a manner inconsistent with this Privacy Policy, please contact us by sending an e-mail to support@bundoo.com. If you do not agree to the terms of our Privacy Policy, please do not use this Site.
Last Revised: August 21, 2017
Tell us who you are! We use your name to make your comments, emails, and notifications more personal.
First Name
Last Name
Update and Submit
Tell us who you are! We use your name to make your comments, emails, and notifications more personal.
Login
Join
Don't have an account? Join Now
Not a member? Join now!
Already have an account? Login