http://www.volya.org/privacy-policy/
Phone: +1 (780) 860-2925Email: info@volya.orgHomeAboutArtistic DirectorMediaVideoShopToursNewsContactHireAuditionPrivacy PolicyVolya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.Collection of your Personal InformationVolya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble Web site.Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble does not read any of your private online communications.Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble and Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble family of Web sites.Use of your Personal InformationVolya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble collects and uses your personal information to operate the Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble and its affiliates. Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble, in order to determine what Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble, or the public.Use of CookiesThe Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble Web site use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble pages, or register with Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble site or services, a cookie helps Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble features that you customized.You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble services or Web sites you visit.Security of your Personal InformationVolya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.Changes to this StatementVolya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble is protecting your information.Contact InformationVolya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble at web@hoknik.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.Contact Us   The Ruth Carse Centre for Dance, 11205 107 Avenue NW, Edmonton, AB, T5H 0Y2  Box 52151, Edmonton, AB, T6G 2T5 (mail address)   +1 (780) 860-2925   webmaster@volya.org, info@volya.orgVolya SchoolThe Volya School of Ukrainian Dance is the feeder school for the Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble. Our school ranges from ages 4 – 18.Koperoush SchoolKoperoush is a Dance Association dedicated to providing children with the highest caliber of Ukrainian dance instruction in Sherwood Park, Alberta.Sign Up For E-NewsIf you would like to receive our newsletters, please fill out the form below. You can opt-out at any time.
© Copyright 2020 Volya Ukrainian Dance Ensemble.Powered by Urban Block Media Privacy Policy  Terms Of Use  div#stuning-header .dfd-stuning-header-bg-container {background-image: url(https://volya.ca/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/HeaderBanner4.jpg);background-color: #1f1f26;background-size: cover;background-position: center center;background-attachment: scroll;background-repeat: no-repeat;}#stuning-header div.page-title-inner {min-height: 300px;}