http://www.thebeatles.com/legal
Please familiarise yourself with these terms and conditions (“Terms”).  They apply to your use of thebeatles.com.  In addition, please read our Privacy Policy [http://www.thebeatles.com/privacy-policy] which applies to personal information collected from you on this website.
The website is operated by Apple Corps Limited ("Apple").  Apple Corps Limited is registered in England and Wales, Registered Number 00764797. Registered Office: 27 Ovington Square, London, SW3 1LJ.  If you have any questions about these terms please contact us at post@applecorpsltd.com or on +44 207 761 9600 or by writing to us at the address below.
Access to and use of this website is provided by us subject to these Terms.  By using or visiting this website you are acknowledging that you have read and accepted these Terms and the Privacy Policy.  You should not use this website if you are not happy with these Terms.
We may change these Terms from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure you are happy with any changes.  Your continued use of this website after changes have been made will be taken to indicate that you have read and accepted them.
These Terms are effective from [  ] January 1st 2013.
Users of this website from outside the UK
If you are accessing this website from outside the UK other laws may apply to your use of this website.  We operate this website from within the UK.  We are not subject to local laws applicable in your country (for example, laws related to direct marketing and the use of cookies on websites) and this website may not be compliant with those local laws.  You should not use this website unless you accept this position.
Copyright notice
© 2009 Apple Corps Ltd.
Please note that all material included on this site (including but not limited to the design, layout, look, appearance, graphics and documents on this site, as well as all other content on this site such as articles and other text) is protected either by our copyright or by third party copyright licensed to us, as specified.  Except as provided below, you may not copy, redistribute, republish or otherwise make the materials on this website available to anyone else except with our prior express written consent.
You may print or download materials from this website for your own personal and non-commercial use provided that:
no materials are modified in any way;
no graphics are used separately from accompanying text; and
our copyright and trade mark notices appear in all copies and you acknowledge this website as the source of the material.
If you have our prior express written consent to provide these materials to another person, you must ensure they are made aware of these restrictions.
Any further distribution for sale or otherwise or use in any other manner is expressly prohibited. You are also prohibited from publicly performing or broadcasting any of the recordings or videos included on this site without our prior express written consent.
Disclaimer
This website is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis.  Apple does not make any representation or warranty in respect of the accuracy and / or reliability of any of the information, content, software or advertisements contained on, distributed through, or linked, downloaded or accessed from this website or any of the web sites linked to this web site nor does it give or make any endorsement in respect thereof.
Content posted or uploaded by you onto this website
Registered users of this website are permitted to post or upload content and information onto their profile pages (in particular the “My Comments” and “My Wall” sections of your My Account pages).  You must not post, send or upload onto this website any content or information:
unless you own or have appropriate rights to use the intellectual property rights subsisting in or relating to that content and information and unless you are sure that posting, sending or uploading the same does not infringe the intellectual property rights of any other person or organisation;
which is or could be considered defamatory, derogatory or in appropriate with regard to Apple, its customers or clients or any other person or organisation;
which contains any confidential information about Apple or another person or organisation (unless you have our permission or that of the other person or organisation);
which contains any offensive, obscene or criminal content or any other content which may cause embarrassment to Apple, its customers or clients or any other person or organisation; and
which contains any personal information about another person including (this list is not exhaustive) names, contact details and sensitive personal data (please refer to the relevant section of our Privacy Policy [http://www.thebeatles.com/privacy-policy]).
We are not responsible for any content and/or information which you post, send or upload onto this website.  We reserve the right to withdraw any such content and/or information without notice and at our sole discretion, to terminate your user account, and to pursue any cause of action against you available to us under applicable laws.
Linking
Please refer to the relevant section of our Privacy Policy [http://www.thebeatles.com/privacy-policy].
Cookies
Please refer to the relevant section of our Privacy Policy [http://www.thebeatles.com/privacy-policy].
Minors
We do not wish to allow children to use all parts of our website.  Please refer to the relevant section of our Privacy Policy [http://www.thebeatles.com/privacy-policy] for more details.
Parents/guardians should remind their children to handle their personal information securely and responsibly on the internet.  They should also familiarise themselves with our website to ensure they are happy for their children to use it.
Security
In the section “Liability” below we explain that the internet is not a secure means of communication and that emails may be intercepted by unauthorised third parties.  Please refer to the relevant section of our Privacy Policy [http://www.thebeatles.com/privacy-policy] in which we refer to the steps we take to keep your personal information secure.
Liability
We do not guarantee that use of this website will be compatible with the hardware and software which you use, or that it will be uninterrupted or error or virus free.  Please ensure that you regularly check for and protect against viruses when using this website on any hardware device.
We exclude all liability to the fullest extent permitted by law (except as follows) and accordingly in no event will we be liable for any damages and/or direct, indirect or consequential loss (including but not limited to pure economic loss, loss of business, revenue or profits, business interruption, loss of data, depletion of goodwill and like loss) incurred by you or any other person and which arises out of or in connection with your use of or inability to use this website or its content, whether that liability is in contract, tort or otherwise.
We do not exclude or limit our liability (if any) to you:
for any breach of obligations arising under section 12 Sale of Goods Act 1979 or section 2 Supply of Goods and Services Act 1982;
for personal injury or death resulting from our negligence;
under section 2(3) Consumer Protection Act 1987;
for any matter for which it would be illegal for us to exclude or to attempt to exclude liability; or
for fraud.
The internet is not a secure means of communication.  Emails may be intercepted by other people or organisations.  You should not send any communication to us through this website or by email, in particular which contains personal information (see our Privacy Policy at http://www.thebeatles.com/privacy-policy for more details) and/or confidential information about you or any other person, unless you accept that any such communication is sent at your own risk.   We will not be liable for any loss that you might suffer as a result (except for losses which cannot be excluded or limited at law, as referred to directly above).
Contracting online
Nothing on this website is intended to be nor should be construed as an offer to enter into a contractual relationship with you or anyone else, except for these Terms (including by reference our Privacy Policy) which govern the relationship between us in relation to your use of the website.
Termination of your account
If you sign up as a registered user of this website, please note that we reserve the right to terminate your account without prior notice.  As explained in our Privacy Policy [http://www.thebeatles.com/privacy-policy], in the event that your beatles.com account is terminated by you or by us, we will retain your personal information after that termination only for as long as is reasonably necessary bearing in mind the purpose(s) for which it was collected, or for as long as is necessary in case of any legal challenges or other problems, or as is otherwise permitted or required by law.  After that period your personal information will be suppressed in or deleted from our database(s).
Severability
If any of these Terms are deemed illegal, unlawful, invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, the relevant term(s) will be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition or other part of these Terms which shall continue in full force and effect.
Governing law and jurisdiction
Your use of this website and the formation, existence, construction, performance, validity and all aspects whatsoever of these Terms is governed by the laws of England and Wales.
The Courts of England and Wales will have the non-exclusive jurisdiction over all claims or disputes arising in relation to, out of or in connection with your use of this website and these Terms.
Third parties
Nothing in these Terms should be construed to confer any rights on third parties and no person will have the right (whether under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 or otherwise) to enforce any provision of these Terms which expressly or by implication purports to confer a benefit on that person.
Newsletter
I understand and consent to the following
Privacy Notice
Newsletter signup: By submitting your email address and clicking ‘sign up’ you will be giving your consent for Apple Corps to use your email address (including your name) to send you its newsletter and other direct marketing by email. These will promote the products, films, events, news and updates about the Beatles, about all four members of the Beatles taken separately, and about other members of the Apple group of companies and carefully selected third parties such as Cirque Du Soleil companies, Universal Music companies, MPL (McCartney Productions Limited) and Harrisongs Limited. You can withdraw this consent at any time. If you do that we will not be able to send you any of this unless you re-subscribe. You have rights in relation to how we use your personal information for this purpose. For more details on all this please see our privacy notice [here]