http://www.filmmaking.net/terms
Terms of Use
Welcome to the filmmaking.net (the "Site"), provided by Cinemagine Media Limited ("Publisher"). On this site, the Publisher makes available to you a wide range of information, software, products, downloads, documents, text, graphics, publications, content, tools, forums, resources, and services.
PLEASE READ THE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE. By accessing and using this site in any way, including, without limitation, browsing the site, using any information, using any content, using any services, downloading any materials, and/or placing an order for products or services, you agree to and are bound by the terms of use described in the herein terms ("Terms of Use"). IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONTAINED IN THE TERMS OF USE, DO NOT USE THIS SITE IN ANY MANNER. The Terms of Use are entered into by and between the Publisher and you. If you are using the website on behalf of your employer, you represent that you are authorised to accept these Terms of Use on your employer's behalf. Any Non-Human Visitors to the Website shall be considered agents of the individual(s) who controls, authors or otherwise makes use of them. The access rights granted to you under the Terms of Service are non-transferable without the express written permission of the owner of the Website.
The Publisher reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, update, add, or remove portions of the Terms of Use at any time without notice to you. Please check these Terms of Use for changes. Your continued use of this site following the posting of changes to the Terms of Use will mean you accept those changes.
Copyright Notice
filmmaking.net is copyright © 1994-2020 Cinemagine® Media Limited. All rights are reserved. Unless otherwise specified, the information, materials, and services on this site are for your personal and non-commercial use, and you may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information, software, products or services obtained from the website without prior written permission from the Publisher.
Film Schools Directory. The filmmaking.net Film Schools Directory is protected as 'database' or 'compilation' under international copyright law and is presented for personal use only.
You may not use any manual or automated process to create copies of this directory for any purpose without prior permission from the copyright holder.
DisclaimersTo the extent permitted by law, the site is provided "as is" without warranties or conditions of any kind, whether oral or written, express or implied. The Publisher specifically disclaims any implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, satisfactory quality, non-infringement, and fitness for a particular purpose. Except to the extent required by law, in no event will the Publisher or our subsidiaries, affiliates or suppliers be liable for direct, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or other damages (including lost profit, lost data, or downtime costs), arising out of the use, inability to use, or the results of use by you or any third party, of the site, whether based in warranty, contract, tort or otherwise.
Toolshed.
The Toolshed is a free service provided by the Publisher. It is a public and unmoderated forum, and consequently the Publisher cannot accept any responsibility whatsoever for items posted within this section, or the sale resulting from such a posting. Further, the Publisher makes no warranty whatsoever as to the quality or genuineness of items listed in the Toolshed. All sales are considered to be private, and by using this service, both sellers and buyers agree to indemnify the Publisher against all claims arising hereof.
Forums.
This Site includes several forums in which users can make postings and reply to postings of other users.
All filmmaking.net forums are unmoderated and the Publisher makes no warranties whatsoever about the genuiness or suitability for any purpose of postings made by Site users.
Film School Comments.
The film schools section of the Site provides functionality to allow users to post comments about a selected film school.
Comments posted by site users represent the respective user's point of view and do not necessarily represent the views of filmmaking.net's editorial team or the Publisher.
Events.
Events listed in the Events section of the Site have been posted by their respective organisers.
Unless otherwise stated, the Publisher has no connection with these events or their sponsors, and makes no warranty whatsoever about the genunineness or suitability for any purpose of an event listed herein. Any correspondence regarding an event listed here should be directed to the respective event organiser.
Privacy and Data Protection
Please see our full privacy policy for more information on what data this Site collects and how it is used.
Cookies
This Site may make use of cookies to provide you with certain pieces of functionality.
Cookies may be set by the Site and/or its third-party affiliates.
By using the Site you agree to accept these cookies.
If you do not wish to accept cookies from this Site and/or its affiliates, you must cease using the Site immediately.
Content SubmittedWith the exception of guest blog posts, all content submitted to the Site becomes the property of the Publisher. Content includes, but is not limited to:
Messages posted in the Discussion area of the Site
Advertisements posted in The Toolshed
Information submitted to the Film Sites area of the Site
Information submitted to the Film Schools area of the Site
Event information submitted in the Events section
Film festival information submitted in the Film Festivals section
Answers, comments, and additions to the Internet Filmmaker's FAQ
Reviews and comments on products in the Bookstore
Any other feedback submitted via the Site that is intended to compliment or add to existing Site content
Copyright will be retained by the author for all content submitted as guest blog posts, however in submitting the post, the copyright-holder agrees to grant the filmmaking.net an unconditional, non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual license to use the content.
Trademarks
Certain words or phrases within the Site may be trademarks owned by third party organisations. Although used without permission, trademarks are noted as such where ever possible. Reference to trademarks within the Site is solely for informational purposes and should in no way be considered a challenge to their ownership.
"Cinemagine" is a registered trademark, and "The Internet Filmmaker's FAQ", "Cannes - Festival Virgin's Guide", "Sundance - A Festival Virgin's Guide" and the Cinemagine Logo are trademarks owned by Cinemagine Media Limited.
Special License Restrictions for Non-Human Visitors
Special restrictions on a visitor's license to access the Site apply to Non-Human Visitors. Non-Human Visitors include, but are not limited to, web spiders, bots, indexers, robots, crawlers, harvesters, or any other computer programs designed to access, read, compile or gather content from the Site automatically.
Email addresses on this Site are considered proprietary intellectual property. It is recognized that these email addresses are provided for human visitors alone. You acknowledge and agree that each email address the Site has a value not less than USD $50. You further agree that the compilation, storage, and/or distribution of these addresses substantially diminishes the value of these addresses. Intentional collection, harvesting, gathering, and/or storing this Site's email addresses is recognized as a violation of this agreement and expressly prohibited.
Records of Visitor Use and Abuse
You consent to having your Internet Protocol address recorded. An email address may appear immediately below (the "Identifier") if we suspect potential abuse. The Identifier is uniquely matched to your Internet Protocol address. Visitors agree not to use this address for any reason.
VISITORS AGREE THAT HARVESTING, GATHERING, STORING, TRANSFERRING TO A THIRD PARTY OR SENDING ANY MESSAGE(S) TO THE IDENTIFIER CONSTITUTES AN ACCEPTANCE AND SUBSEQUENT BREACH OF THESE TERMS OF SERVICE.
Governing Jurisdiction
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with English law and each of the parties agrees to submit to the jurisdiction of the English courts as regards any claim or matter arising under this agreement.