http://www.guychambers.com/privacy
Toggle navigation
SONGWRITER / PRODUCER / MUSICIAN
HOME
ABOUT
MUSIC
LIVE
PROJECTS
MUSICALS
STUDIO
CONTACT
Privacy Policy
Information that is gathered from visitors
In common with other websites, log files are stored on the web server saving details such as the visitor’s IP address, browser type, referring page and time of visit. Cookies may be used to remember visitor preferences when interacting with the website.
Where registration is required, the visitor’s email and a username will be stored on the server.
How the Information is used
The information is used to enhance the visitor’s experience when using the website to display personalised content and possibly advertising. E-mail addresses will not be sold, rented or leased to third parties. E-mail may be sent to inform you of news of our services or offers by us or our affiliates.
Visitor Options
If you have subscribed to one of our services, you may unsubscribe by following the instructions which are included in e-mail that you receive.
You may be able to block cookies via your browser settings but this may prevent you from access to certain features of the website.
Cookies
Cookies are small digital signature files that are stored by your web browser that allow your preferences to be recorded when visiting the website. Also they may be used to track your return visits to the website. Third party advertising companies may also use cookies for tracking purposes. You can read more on our Cookie Policy page.
Google Ads
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to visitors based on their visit to sites they visit on the Internet. Website visitors may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Compliance
We have updated our privacy policy and cookie policy in line with GDPR compliance. We take privacy and security extremely seriously. When a visitor uses the contact form on our website, we will only use the information to contact you about the message you have sent. We will not add you to any email marketing lists. We will not give, share or sell your data to anyone else.
We use Google Analytics to record visitors and pages visited on the website. Data recorded includes:
Page Information
URL – the URL of the page the user is viewing
Title – the title of the page the user is viewing
Browser Information
Browser name – the browser the user is using
Viewport or Viewing pane – the size of the browser window
Screen resolution – the resolution of the user’s screen
Java enabled – whether or not the user has Java enabled
User Information
Location – this is derived from the IP address where the hit originated. The IP address itself is not available in Google Analytics as it is personally identifiable information (PII) which violates the terms of Google Analytics.
Language – derived from the language settings of the browser
SSL Certificate
We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). SSL provides a secure communication channel between your device’s browser and our web server. This turns a website’s address from HTTP to HTTPS, the ‘S’ standing for ‘secure’. This is particularly important when submitting your details via out contact form. Anyone intercepting this communication will not be able to decrypt the data between the two devices.