http://www.exeterdramacompany.co.uk/privacy/
Data Protection and Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Use of Cookies
This website (www.exeterdramacompany.co.uk) uses cookies to store information
on your computer. Cookies help us to provide you with the best experience out
of the website. If you have any questions about the following information
please contact us.
Managing cookies
Most web browsers allow you to control the cookies stored on your computer
through your browser’s settings. To find out more about cookies, including
how to see what cookies have been stored and how to manage and delete them,
visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Removing or disabling cookies
You may choose to remove or block cookies at any time by adjusting your browser
settings, but in some cases, this may impact your experience of our website.
Our use of cookies
We use Google Analytics cookies to collect information about how visitors use
our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the
site. The information collected is anonymous and does not identify a visitor.
The data includes the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come
from and the pages they visited.
For more information see How Google Uses Data.
Data Protection Policy
(Adopted May 2018)
Introduction
Exeter Drama Company is committed to protecting the data it holds of its
members, working in accordance with relevant data protection legislation.
Members’ data is used solely for Exeter Drama Company activities. This policy
explains how Exeter Drama Company processes and uses the personal data it
collects.
Principles
In line with the Data Protection Act 1998 principles, Exeter Drama Company will
ensure that personal data will:
Be obtained fairly and lawfully and shall not be processed unless certain
conditions are met
Be obtained for a specific and lawful purpose
Be adequate and relevant but not excessive
Be accurate and kept up to date
Not be held longer than necessary
Be processed in accordance with the rights of data subjects
Be subject to appropriate security measures
The definition of ‘Processing· is obtaining, using, holding, amending, disclosing,
destroying and deleting personal data.
Data Details
Exeter Drama Company holds the following data electronically about its
members:
Name of member
Address
Telephone number(s) (where supplied)
Email address (where supplied)
Subscription status
Exeter Drama Company will retain such data during the life of a subscription
and for no more than one year following the cessation of a subscription.
Data Use
Exeter Drama Company uses the data held to communicate its activities to
members through emails, newsletters and notices of special events; and also to
respond to enquiries from members. Communications may be sent by email or
post depending on members’ preferences.
Membership Data Enquiries
Any member whose personal information is processed by Exeter Drama Company
has the right to know: what information it holds and processes on them; how to
keep it up to date; what we are doing to comply with the Act. They also have the
right to prevent processing of their personal data in some circumstances and
the right to correct, rectify, block or erase information regarded as inaccurate.
Any enquiries should be first directed to the Data Protection/Publicity Officer.
Sharing of Data
Members’ details will be used only for the purpose of providing members with
information about Exeter Drama Company and its activities and will not be
released to any third party.
Data Protection
Members’ data is held securely by the Data Protection/Publicity Officer and
the Hon Secretary.
Members of the Company information
If you are a member of the Company and missed a meeting or want to check something in the Minutes, the Exeter Drama Company Constitution or our Child Protection and Safeguarding Vulnerable Young Adults Policy, we can email you a copy.
See a play
Hear about the latest news and events
Add to mailing list
Submit
Become a member
Get in touch and come and see what we do
Join Us
Watch this space...
Thank you!
×
Thank you for your submission.
Close