https://www.pembrokeshirecoast.wales/planning/planning-policy/local-development-plan-2/ldp-review-report/
Jump to Main content
Highlight Links
High contrast Mode
Readable Fonts
Greyscale Mode
Invert Mode
XClose this tab
Search for:
Search
The Review Report sets out where changes are required, what needs to change and why, based on evidence. The revision procedure that will be followed is also set out, ie it is proposed that the Authority prepares a replacement Plan.
The Authority has provided an opportunity to comment on the draft Review Report.
The National Park Authority approved the final Review Report on 15 June 2016.
Local Development Plan Review Report
Report of Consultations on the Review Report
For further information, please contact the Park Direction Service at Pembrokeshire Coast National Park Authority, Llanion Park, Pembroke Dock, Pembrokeshire SA72 6DY, call 01646 624800 or email devplans@pembrokeshirecoast.org.uk.
Discover more about Local Development Plan 2
Supplementary Planning Guidance (LDP2)
Read more
Sustainability Appraisal Scoping Report
The Sustainability Appraisal Scoping Report sets out the sustainability appraisal issues and objectives/criteria against which the Replacement Local D...
Read more
Preparation Stages
These are the stages in preparing a replacement Local Development Plan.
Read more
Delivery Agreement
The Delivery Agreement is a public statement that contains a Timetable for preparing a Revision of a Local Development Plan setting out how and when s...
Read more
Community Council Workshops
Community and Town Councils can provide a central source of information for their local communities, help to raise awareness of the LDP process and ar...
Read more
Background papers
These Background Papers will be updated and added to throughout the preparation of the Plan.
Read more
Appraisal Processes
Environmental, Social and Economic Appraisals for Local Development Plan 2
Read more
Get In Touch
Contact us and register your details to get the latest updates on what's happening in the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park.
Contact Us
Cookie Policy
To help us make this website better, the cookie settings are set to ‘allow all cookies’. If you continue without changing these settings, you consent to this – for more information and to change this at any time, see our cookie policy and privacy policy.
I understand
View Basket
Checkout
Continue Shopping