http://www.leightonhall.co.uk/page/141/privacy-policy.htm
01524 734474
info@leightonhall.co.uk
/LeightonHallLancashire
/Leighton_Hall
Access Statement | Privacy Policy
Opening
1st May - 30th Sept, 2 - 5pm Tuesday - Friday
(also Bank Holiday Sunday & Monday)
Open on Sundays in August
Pre-booked groups welcome all year round
Download our General Leaflet 2020
Home
The Hall
The Estate
History
Rooms and Furniture
The Gillow Family
The Tea Rooms
Day & Family Visitors
Birds of Prey
Gift Shop & Plant Sales
Resident's Card
Group Visits
House Tour
Tea and Tour
Candlelit Tour
Food Glorious Food
Birds of Prey
Schools
Preparing For Your Visit
Health and Safety
Upstairs Downstairs
Houses and Homes
Countryside Classroom
Teacher's Notes
Worksheets
Birds of Prey
The Garden
Garden Sculptures
Children's Play
Caterpillar Maze
Tree Face Trail
Weddings
Stag & Hen Days
Civil Ceremonies
Catering
Tariff
Wedding Video
Local Hotels and B & B's
Useful Contacts
Newlywed Testimonials
Terms and Conditions
Special Events
Corporate Events
Contact
How To Get Here
Related Pages
Privacy Policy
Leighton Hall Privacy Policy Under the data protection laws, individuals have the right to know how we use any personal data that we hold about them. This policy sets out what information we collect and store, and why, and how we manage that date. We are committed to protecting your privacy. Who are we?Leighton Hall is a private house set within a working country estate that is owned by Mr. & Mrs. Reynolds but is run as a partnership with their daughter and son-in-law Mr. & Mrs. D Arthurs. Our contact details are:Leighton Hall, Carnforth, Lancashire, LA5 9ST, Email - info@leightonhall.co.uk, Phone - 01524 734474Leighton Hall is a family home, but it is also open to the public each year from the beginning of May until the end of September on specific days (see the website of opening times and dates), we have 3 active farms, residential properties and managed woodland. We welcome companies and private groups to have bigger events in the parkland, couples to use the Hall and grounds for weddings, as well as corporate groups using our off-road track for adventures. To learn more about the Hall and wider Estate go to www.leightonhall.co.ukData Protection Contact at Leighton HallEven thought we are a small business we have appointed a member of staff as a Data Protection Officer (DPO) to oversee compliance with this policy and to be a clear point of contact for our customers. If you have any questions about this policy or how we handle personal information, please contact the DPO inwriting using the details below:-Email address - Info@leightonhall.co.ukPostal Address - Data Protection Officer, Leighton Hall, Carnforth, Lancashire, LA5 9STWhat type of information?Personal information that we collect is information that can be used to identify you. For example:-      Personal details (title, name, address, email and telephone number etc)      Financial information (payment details such as credit card, bank details, financial references)
Details of your interests and preferences (types of interests / activities you undertake with us)        If you are a volunteer or a residential tenant, we may request information such as references, medical conditions, copies of photo identification, details of emergency contacts etc. to protect you and us.How we collect this Data?We will only collect personal information that you have consented to give us. We will ask for consent to send you information and keep in touch with you. We will ask you how you would like to be kept in touch and the areas of the estate that interest you.We will collect personal information when you or your organisation enquire or register an interest in our special events, the open house, group booking, a corporate event, a private event, a wedding, volunteer work, full time and / or seasonal work, apply to be considered for a residential property, apply to be a tenant farmer, becoming a beater or picker up to name but a few.We sometimes receive personal data about individuals from third party providers. For example, if we are working with a contractor or partner on a project and you have provided your details to them. If we have a specific event or service to advertise we may buy a data list from a compliant external data company.How we use your data?We will only use your personal information with your consent, or where it is necessary to:         Enter into, or perform a contract with you         Comply with a legal duty         Protect your vital interests         Use for our own (or third party's) lawful interests, provided your rights don't override theseWe may use your information in a variety of ways including to:         Send you information about our latest news, project, volunteering, special events, open house group packages, open house school packages, wedding open days, available residential properties and farm business tenancies, corporate events and so on via a newsletter and / or an email.         Process your registration to become a volunteer, guide, seasonal member of staff, a new residential tenant or new farm tenant.         Process your registration to a corporate activity or event.         Send you information about volunteering or seasonal work.         Manage and maintain our marketing database         Update your information to respect your choices and preferences.         Process orders and the purchase of products, services or tickets.         Record any accidents / incidents that has occurred on our property or at one of our events - public or private.Disclosing and Sharing DataWe will never sell or pass your personal information to other organisations to use for their own purposes.We may share your personal information, when necessary, with internal coordinators and staff, who will contact you only about events and activities that you have said you are interested in. This contact will be carried out under guidance to keep your information confidential and secure.We may share your personal information, when necessary, with 3rd parties and contractors that we have asked to carry out a service on our behalf for purposes such as communication of special offers and events. These activities will be carried out under a contract which imposes strict requirements on those parties to keep your information confidential and secure.We will share your information when we are legally obliged to at the request of a government or law enforcement authority.We may share your information if there was an overriding need e.g. to protect your safety if there was an emergency at an event we are running. Any third party would be required to delete all shared data once the matter has been resolved.How we Communicate with youWe will only contact you for marketing communications if you have told us directly that we can or if you have provided your information to a 3rd party provider and allowed them to share your data.You can find out what personal data information we hold about you and update your information by contacting us - by email - info@leightonhall.co.uk, telephone - 01524 734474 or via our website contact form at www.leightonhall.co.uk.You can request changes to your personal information or removal from our records at anytime by contacting us by any of the methods listed above.How we Protect DataWe take the security of our customers personal data information very seriously and take appropriate steps to ensure your data is securely stored. We store data in both physical and electrical formats. Physical data is stored in our office that is locked when no one is in it. Electronic data is secured on a private secure computer network, on password protected computers and the marketing database file is also password protected. On top of this, in both cases we control who has access to the information.Your personal data is only accessible to authorized personnel and all staff work in accordance with our data protection policy and procedures.We only hold your personal information for a long as is necessary and for the purpose it was collected for. Every two years we will review what information we hold and delete what is no longer required. If we dispose of your data, it will be done so securely.CookiesOur website uses Cookies. Cookies are small text files which are stored on your electronic device when you visit our website. They do not contain or collect any personal data, they are just a unique string of letters and numbers.Your RightsYou have rights under the new GDPR Law:-         To access your personal data         To be provided with information about how your personal data is processed         To have your personal data corrected         To have your personal data erased         To object to or restrict how your personal data is processed         To have your personal data transferred to yourself or to another business in certain circumstancesYou have the right to take any complaints about how we process your personal data to the Information Commissioner Office (IOC)- they are the body that is tasked with enforcing the GDPR Law in the UK:-Information Commissioner's OfficeWycliffe HouseWater LaneWilmslowCheshireSK9 5AF 0303 123 1113https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
The Estate
The Hall
History
The Gillow Family
Candlelit Tour
Tea and Tour
House Tour
Schools
Teacher's Notes
The Garden
Weddings
Birds of Prey
Leighton Hall
Carnforth
Lancs
LA5 9ST 01524 734474 info@leightonhall.co.uk
© 2020  Leighton Hall
info@leightonhall.co.uk : Web Design & Content Management System by fat media
Leighton Hall is run as a Business Partnership Mr & Mrs RJG Reynolds and Mrs L. Arthurs. VAT Number - 312261996