http://www.alvinailey.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy
Alvin Ailey Dance Foundation, Inc. (“Ailey”) is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. Ailey does not collect personal information about individuals, such as names and mailing or email addresses, unless the individual knowingly provides it. In choosing to provide this information, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of Ailey's Privacy Policy. Ailey's Privacy Policy is outlined below. Please note that we review our privacy practices from time to time, and that these practices are subject to change. We ask that our visitors periodically review this page to ensure familiarity with the most current version of our privacy statement. If you have any questions or comments about our privacy practices, you can contact us at webmaster@alvinailey.org (please include the word "privacy" in the subject line).
Usage Data
When you visit the Ailey website, our servers automatically collect information about the IP address from which you access the site (an IP address is the number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the web), the pages you visit, the date and time you access our site, and the type of browser and operating system that you are using. We use this information to better understand how our site is used. This research is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis.
Email Content
You may choose to provide us with personal information in an email message to one of the addresses listed throughout our site. We use this information only to respond to your message.
As a service, Ailey offers visitors the opportunity to subscribe to Ailey News. If you choose to join, you will receive newsletters and/or information on the topics you choose. You may unsubscribe at any time. Any information you choose to provide may be used for marketing and promotional purposes. Ailey wishes to assure subscribers to Ailey News that email addresses are never shared, rented or sold to third parties.  However, we may use cookies to track the pages on our site visited by subscribers to our email list.
The Ailey Shop
The specific privacy policy for purchases made at The Ailey Shop may be found here: http://www.aileyshop.com/privacy.aspx
Children Twelve and Under
Ailey does not solicit personal information from children. Visitors twelve years of age and under should remember that they are required to obtain an adult's permission before submitting any personal information to this or any other Web site.
Cookies
Cookies are small files of information that are stored on your computer's hard drive by your Web browser. The cookies we use do not contain any personal information. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change the preferences of your browser so that it does not accept or blocks them. If you block cookies you may not be able to use certain site features or functions.
Third-Party Cookies and Advertising
Third party vendors that Ailey engages, including but not limited to Google Inc., use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to our website.  Google’s use of the DART cookies enables Ailey to serve ads to you based on your visit to our website and/or other sites on the Internet.
You may opt out of the use of the DART cookies and other cookies by visitng the advertising opt-out page http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
Data Sharing
You should be aware that your name and basic contact information, but not email addresses, may be exchanged with other arts organizations and arts programmers as well as other select organizations. These organizations may attempt to contact you to promote products or services that they offer. Such contacts will only be made with our consent, and we will only grant our consent when we consider the offer to be of potential interest and benefit to you. We do not sell, exchange, share, or rent any lists to political parties or candidates for political office. Credit card information is not made available to any third party and is considered completely confidential.
Opting-Out
If you do not want your name and/or contact information to be used in the manner stated above, you may indicate this at the time you provide the information. If an "opt-out" option is not offered, or you decide after you have provided this information that you do not want us to share your information with any other organization, you may also notify us in an email addressed to webmaster@alvinailey.org (subject line "do not share"). We cannot, however, remove your name from any third party list; you will have to contact them directly.
The Direct Marketing Association (DMA) offers a Mail Preference Service that is designed to assist consumers in decreasing the amount of nonprofit or commercial mail they receive at home. For more information about this service, visit the DMA Web site at: www.the-dma.org and click on the "Consumers" tab.
Security
Ailey's secure server software uses industry-standard Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology. SSL encodes your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, as it travels over the Internet so that all transactions are secure. If you prefer, you may get information about Friends of Alvin Ailey or Ailey Partners or inquire about making a donation at 212-405-9030.
Social Media Participation Policy
Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater welcomes and encourages user participation in our social media communities including Facebook, Vimeo, YouTube, and The Ailey Blog.  We have established the following guidelines to ensure a thoughtful and open online community.  We reserve the right to delete, or choose not to post, any comment that contains any of the following:
Comments promoting violence
Comments promoting illegal or questionable activities
Commercial promotion
Misinformation
Personal attacks
Profanity
SPAM/off-topic comments
Vulgarity
We welcome your opinions but do not want comments on Ailey’s social media webpages to become bogged down with discussions of our policies, and so we reserve the right to moderate accordingly.  Also, we make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments.
Contact Us
For general inquires, please call 212-405-9000 or visit the Contact Us page and fill out a form.
Submit an Inquiry
More of Alvin Ailey
Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater
Visit The Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater website or call 212-405-9000.
The Ailey School
Visit The Ailey School website or call 212-405-9000.
The Ailey Extension
Visit The Ailey Extension website or call 212-405-9500.
Share On
Get the Latest News & Promotions from Alvin Ailey
Sign Up for Our Newsletter
Sign Up for Ailey News
Please enter your email address to stay informed about the latest Ailey happenings and special offers.
Monthly Newsletter
Sign Up
Sign Up for Ailey News
Please enter your email address to stay informed about the latest Ailey happenings and special offers.
Monthly Newsletter
Sign Up