http://www.leonardo.info/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
The International Society for the Arts, Sciences and Technology (Leonardo/ISAST) provides this privacy policy to inform you about our online information practices, the kinds of information we may collect, how we intend to use and share that information, and how you can request access, correction, portability, or deletion of such information (our “Privacy Policy”). Any questions please email privacy@leonardo.info.
Click here for our cookie policy.
Select to skip to a section
DEFINITIONS | SCOPE | YOUR INFORMATION | THIRD PARTIES | EVENT DATA | ANONYMOUS INFORMATION | YOUR CHOICE | GENERAL | SENSITIVE PERSONAL DATA | EMAIL COMMUNICATIONS | INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER | DNT | SECURITY | ACCOUNTABILITY | LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES | CHANGES
DEFINITIONS
“Personal Information” is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person; an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
“Process” or “Processing” means any operation which is performed upon Personal Information, whether or not by automatic means, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
SCOPE
Except as where otherwise indicated, this Privacy Policy applies to individuals who: (a) visit Leonardo/ISAST websites (“Websites”); (b) register to attend Leonardo/ISAST online or offline events (“Events”); (c) use any other, present or future, online or offline, programs, services, or offerings of Leonardo/ISAST (“Offerings”)(collectively, the “Services”). When we say “Constituent” we are referring to the person or entity that is registered with us to use the Platform or Offerings. When we say “you,” we are referring to Constituents and/or to some other individual who visits any of our Websites or attends or Events.
Leonardo/ISAST provides access to its Website to selected Constituents named “LASER Hosts,” “Scientific Delirium Madness Residents,” and “Affiliate Members” so they may create events, write blogs and post on the Opportunities Hub section of our website. When we Process Personal Information of Event Participants (“Participant Personal Information”) on behalf of our Constituents, we Process such Personal Information only as a data processor and in accordance with our Constituent instructions. If a Constituent has submitted Personal Information pertaining to you as an individual to us as Participant Personal Information and you wish to exercise any rights you may have to access, correct, port, or delete such Personal Information, please inquire with us at privacy@leonardo.info.
YOUR INFORMATION
Information We Collect
We collect your Personal Information in the following ways: Information you voluntarily provide to us: When you sign up for and use the Services, communicate with our staff, send us an email, post on our blog, or communicate with us in any way, you are voluntarily giving us information that we collect. That information may include your name, physical address, email address, IP address, phone number, billing information, as well as details including occupation, location, donation history, biographic, website, and other demographic information. By giving us this information, you consent to this information being collected, used, disclosed, transferred, and stored by us as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information we collect automatically: When you use the Services, we may collect information about your visit to our Websites, your usage of the Services, and your web browsing. That information may include your IP address, your operating system, your browser ID, your browsing activity, and other information about how you interacted with our Websites or other websites. We may collect this information as a part of log files as well as through the use of cookies or other tracking technologies. Click here for our cookie policy.
Information from your use of the Services: We may receive information about how and when you use the Services, store it in log files or other types of files associated with your account, and link it to other information we collect about you. This information may include, for example, your IP address, time, date, browser used, and actions you have taken within the application. This type of information helps us to improve our Services for both you and for all our Constituents.
Cookies and tracking: We and our partners may use various technologies to collect and store information when you use our Services, and this may include using cookies and similar tracking technologies on our Website, such as pixels and web beacons, to analyze trends, administer the website, track your movements around the website, serve targeted advertisements, and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level through its settings and preferences. We partner with third parties to display advertising on our website or to manage and serve our advertising on other sites. Our third party partners may use cookies or similar tracking technologies in order to provide you advertising or other content based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to opt out of interest-based advertising, please visit: http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/ (or if located in the European Union, please visit: http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/). Web beacons: We use web beacons, also called pixel tags, on our Websites and in our emails. When we send emails to Constituents, we may track behavior such as who opened the emails and who clicked the links. This allows us to measure the performance of our email campaigns and to improve our features for specific segments of Constituents. To do this, we include a single pixel tag in emails we send. These tags allow us to collect information about when you open the email, your IP address, your browser or email client type, and other similar details. Click here for our cookie policy.
Blog: We have public blogs on our Websites. Any information you include in a comment on our blog may be read, collected, and used by anyone. If your Personal Information appears on our blogs and you want it removed, please contact us at privacy@leonardo.info. If we are unable to remove your information, we will tell you why.
Social media platforms and widgets: Our Websites may include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button. These features may collect information about your IP address and which page you are visiting on our Website, and they may set a cookie to make sure the feature functions properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Website. We also maintain presences on social media platforms including Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Youtube and LinkedIn. Any information, communications, or materials you submit to us via a social media platform is done at your own risk without any expectation of privacy. We cannot control the actions of other users of these platforms or the actions of the platforms themselves. Your interactions with those features and platforms are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide them.
Information from other sources: We may, from time to time, obtain information about you from third party sources, such as public databases, third party data providers, and our joint marketing partners. We take steps to ensure that such third parties are legally permitted or required to disclose such information to us. Examples of the information we may receive from other sources include: demographic information, company information, device information (such as IP addresses), location, and online behavioral data (such as information about your use of social media websites, page view information, and search results and links). We use this information, alone or in combination with other information (including Personal Information) we collect, to enhance our ability to provide relevant marketing and content to you and to develop and provide you with more relevant products, features, and services.
USE AND DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may use and disclose your Personal Information only for the following purposes
Member and Donor Information: We use member and donor information to process and manage your membership or contribution. If you agree, we will use your email address to send you updates and alerts on protecting your rights in the digital world. If you choose to complete an LED Directory Listing, LASER Speaker Request or other webform or submit a donation this information may be shared with Leonardo/ISAST and its board, and select unattributed quotes may be used to promote our mission, such as including a relevant quote in a grant proposal.
Publication by Leonardo/ISAST: If you provide information for publication we may use your name and contact information you have provided to us to provide you with attribution.
Other activities: We may run surveys, contests, or similar activities through this site. Such information will be used for the purposes for which it was collected. We use the information provided through payment processors, and address any problems that might arise. We also look at technical information to diagnose problems with or consider improvements to our servers or related technologies and to administer leonardo.info and other websites we host or provide.
To promote use of our services to you and others. For example, if we collect your Personal Information when you visit our Website without signing up for any of the Services, we may send you an email inviting you to sign up. If you use any of our Services and we think you might benefit from using another Service we offer, we may send you an email about that. You can stop receiving our promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in every promotional email we send. In addition, we may use information we collect in order to advertise our Services to you or suggest additional features of our Services that you might consider using. In addition, we may use your Personal Information to advertise our Services to potential or other users like you.
To send you informational and promotional content in accordance with your marketing preferences. You can manage your preferences to receive specific content in our subscription center or choose to stop receiving these emails altogether by following the unsubscribe instructions included in every email.
To bill and collect money owed to us by Affiliate Members or Ad placement. This includes sending you emails, invoices, receipts, notices of delinquency, and alerting you if we need a different credit card number. We use third parties for secure credit card transaction processing, and we send billing information to those third parties to process your orders and credit card payments.
To send you important messages about the Services. For example, we may inform you of temporary or permanent changes to our Services, such as scheduled maintenance, new features, version updates, releases, abuse warnings, and changes to our Privacy Policy.
To communicate with our Constituents about their accounts and provide support.
To enforce compliance with our Terms of Use and applicable law. This may include developing and using tools that help detect fraud and prevent violations.
To protect the rights and safety of our Constituents and third parties, as well as our own.
To meet legal requirements, including complying with court orders, valid discovery requests, valid subpoenas, and other appropriate legal mechanisms.
To provide information to representatives and advisors, including attorneys and accountants, to help us comply with legal, accounting, or security requirements.
To prosecute or defend a court, arbitration, or any other legal proceeding.
To respond to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
To provide, support, and improve the Services we offer. This includes our use of the data that our Constituents provide us in order to enable our Constituents to use the Services to communicate with their Recipients. This also includes, for example, aggregating information from your use of the Services and sharing this information with third parties to improve our Services. This might also include sharing your information or the information you provide us about your Recipients with third parties in order to provide and support our Services or to make certain features of the Services available to you. When we do have to share Personal Information with third parties, we take steps to protect your information by requiring these third parties to enter into contracts with us that require them to use the Personal Information we transfer to them in a manner that is consistent with this policy.
We may combine Personal Information with other information we collect or obtain about you (such as information we source from our third party partners) to serve you specifically, such as to deliver a product or service according to your preferences or restrictions, or for advertising or targeting purposes in accordance with this Privacy Policy. When we combine Personal Information with other information in this way, we treat it as, and apply all of the safeguards in this Privacy Policy applicable to, Personal Information.
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES
We may disclose Personal Information to the following types of third parties for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy:
Service Providers. Sometimes, we share Personal Information with our third party service providers who help us provide and support our Services (“Service Providers”). For example, if it is necessary to provide you something you have requested, then we may share your Personal Information with a Service Provider for that purpose. Just like with the other third parties we work with, these third party Service Providers enter into a contract with us that requires them to use the Personal Information only for the provision of services to us and in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. Examples of Service Providers include payment processors, hosting services, and content delivery services.
Advertising partners. We may partner with third party advertising networks and exchanges to display advertising on our Website or to manage and serve our advertising on other sites and may share your Personal Information with them for this purpose. All third parties with which we share this information are required to use your Personal Information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. We and our third party partners may use cookies and other tracking technologies, such as pixel tags and web beacons, to gather information about your activities on our Websites and other sites in order to provide you with targeted advertising based on your browsing activities and interests.
Business Partners. From time to time, Leonardo/ISAST may partner with other companies to jointly offer products, services or programs including, for example, webinars, events, and downloadable content. If you purchase, specifically express interest in, or register for a jointly offered product, service, or program from or through Leonardo/ISAST, we may share your Personal Information collected in connection with your purchase or expression of interest with our business partners. Leonardo/ISAST does not control our business partners’ use of shared Personal Information and their use of such information will be in accordance with their own privacy policies. If you do not wish for your information to be shared in this manner, you may opt to not purchase or specifically express interest in a jointly offered product or service.
Information Disclosed for our Protection and the Protection of Others. We may disclose information about you to third parties: (a) if we are required to do so by law, court order or legal process; (b) in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements; (c) under the discovery process in litigation; (d) to enforce Leonardo/ISAST policies or contracts; (e) to collect amounts owed to Leonardo/ISAST; (f) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity; or (g) if we, in good faith, believe that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable. In addition, from time to time, server logs may be reviewed for security purposes including, for example, to detect unauthorized activity on the Services. In such cases, server log data containing Personal Information may be shared with law enforcement bodies so that they may identify users in connection with their investigation of the unauthorized activities.
DATA COLLECTED FOR AND BY EVENTS
Our website has a select number of partners who are able to use the event platform for programs including Leonardo Art Science Evening Rendezvous (LASER), the Leonardo Affiliate Program and 50th Anniversary Partners. Event Managers will have access to the events that pertain to their own creation and management. The event participants will be recording into our database and will only be contacted if they give consent.
As an Event Manager you may also choose to email Participants for your event. Event templates have automatic reminders from Leonardo/ISAST; you may choose to delete or modify these reminders and set up your own. Confirmation emails for events will also be sent from the domain name leonardo.info.
If you are an event Participant and no longer want to be contacted by us or the Event manager you may unsubscribe automatically or contact us for assistance. If you contact us, we may remove or update your information within a reasonable time and after providing notice to the Event Manager of your request.
ANONYMOUS AND AGGREGATED INFORMATION
Leonardo/ISAST may use your Personal Information and other information about you to create anonymized and aggregated information, such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified location information, information about the computer or device from which you access the Sites or other online Services, or other analyses we create.
Anonymized and aggregated information is used for a variety of functions, including the measurement of visitors’ interest in and use of various portions or features of the Services. Anonymized or aggregated information is not Personal Information, and Leonardo/ISAST may use such information in a number of ways, including research, internal analysis, analytics and any other legally permissible purposes. We may share this information within Leonardo/ISAST and with Third Parties for our or their purposes in an anonymized or aggregated form that is designed to prevent anyone from identifying you.
YOUR CHOICE
You have the right to opt out of certain uses and disclosures of your Personal Information, as set out in this Privacy Policy.
GENERAL
Where you have consented to Leonardo/ISAST’s Processing of your Personal Information, you may withdraw that consent at any time and opt out by following the instructions below.
Additionally, before we use Personal Information for any new purpose not originally authorized by you, we will provide information regarding the new purpose and give you the opportunity to opt out. Note that, due to the nature of the Services, you may have to provide the email address or other identifying value that is associated with your Personal Information in order for Leonardo/ISAST to segregate out the use and retention of such Personal Information. Where consent of the individual for the Processing of Personal Information is otherwise required by law or contract, Leonardo/ISAST will comply with the law or contract.
SENSITIVE PERSONAL DATA
“Sensitive Personal Data” is a subset of Personal Information, which due to its nature, has been classified by law or by policy as deserving additional privacy and security protections.
Sensitive Personal Data includes Personal Information regarding EU-residents that is classified as a “Special Category of Personal Data” under EU law, which consists of the following data elements: (a) race or ethnic origin; (b) political opinions; (c) religious or philosophical beliefs; (d) trade union membership; (e) genetic data; (f) biometric data where Processed to uniquely identify a person; (g) health information; (h) sexual orientation or information about the individual’s sex life; or (i) information relating to the commission of a criminal offense.
Leonardo/ISAST does not collect Sensitive Personal Data from you. However, if we do ever collect it, we will, prior to disclosing it to a third party or Processing it for a purpose other than its original purpose or the purpose authorized subsequently by the individual, obtain your explicit consent. Where consent of the individual for the Processing of Personal Information is otherwise required by law or contract, Leonardo/ISAST will comply with the law or contract.
EMAIL COMMUNICATIONS
An “Unsubscribe” button will be provided in each marketing communication sent to you by Leonardo/ISAST so that you can opt out of such communications. However, we may continue to send transaction-related emails regarding products or Services you have requested in response to such request including, for example, a support inquiry. We may need to send you certain communications regarding the Services and you will not be able to opt out of those communications, including for example, communications regarding updates to our Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy.
“DO NOT TRACK”
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. DNT is a way for users to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services. At this time, there is no general agreement on how companies like Leonardo/ISAST should interpret DNT signals. Therefore, Leonardo/ISAST does not recognize or respond to browser-initiated DNT signals, whether that signal is received on a computer or a mobile device.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER
Leonardo/ISAST primarily stores Personal Information sent or collected via or by Leonardo/ISAST in the United States and the European Union (as applicable), in the cloud, our servers, the servers of our group of companies, or the servers of our Service Providers. To facilitate our global operations, we may transfer and access such information from around the world. To carry out the email delivery function of the Platform, we may need to transfer such information around the world. Personal Information may be accessible to law enforcement or other authorities pursuant to a lawful request. By providing information to Leonardo/ISAST, you consent to the transfer and storage of Personal Information in these locations.
DATA PROTECTION ADDENDUM
While the data protection, privacy, and other laws of the United States might not be as comprehensive as those in your country, we take many steps to protect your privacy, including offering a Data Protection Addendum (DPA).
RIGHTS OF ACCESS, RECTIFICATION, PORTABILITY, ERASURE, AND RESTRICTION
Your Personal Information
You may seek confirmation regarding whether Leonardo/ISAST is Processing Personal Information about you, request access to Personal Information, and ask that we correct, amend or delete your Personal Information where it is inaccurate or has been Processed in violation of applicable data protection laws. Where otherwise permitted by applicable law, you may contact us at privacy@leonardo.info to request access to, receive, port, restrict Processing, seek rectification or request erasure of Personal Information held about you by Leonardo/ISAST. Such requests will be carried out in accordance with applicable laws. Although Leonardo/ISAST makes good faith efforts to provide you with access to your Personal Information, there may be circumstances in which Leonardo/ISAST is unable to provide access, including for example, where the information contains legal privilege, would compromise others’ privacy or other legitimate rights, where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to the individual’s privacy in the case in question, or where it is commercially proprietary. If Leonardo/ISAST determines that access should be restricted in any particular instance, we will provide you with an explanation of why that determination has been made and a contact point for any further inquiries. To protect your privacy, Leonardo/ISAST will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to or making any changes to your Personal Information.
Recipient Personal Information
As a data processor for our Constituents, Leonardo/ISAST Processes data, which may include Recipient Personal Information on behalf of our Constituents. We will not use, share, distribute, or reference any such Recipient Personal Information except as provided in the applicable agreement between us and our Constituent, or as may be required by law. If Personal Information pertaining to you as an individual has been submitted to us by a Constituent as Recipient Personal Information and you wish to exercise any rights you may have to access, receive, port, restrict Processing, seek rectification, or request erasure, please inquire with the applicable Constituent directly. Because Leonardo/ISAST personnel have a limited ability to access Recipient Personal Information, if you wish to make your request directly to Leonardo/ISAST, please provide the name of the applicable Leonardo/ISAST Constituent. We will refer your request to that Constituent, and will support them as needed in responding to your request within the timeframe required by applicable law.
Retention
Leonardo/ISAST retains the Personal Information we receive as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our Services or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws.
SECURITY
We take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect Personal Information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the Processing and the nature of the Personal Information.
Our credit card processing vendor uses security measures to protect your information both during the transaction and after it is complete. Our vendor is certified as compliant with card association security initiatives, including the Visa Cardholder Information Security and Compliance (CISP), MasterCard® (SDP), and Discovery Information Security and Compliance (DISC). If you have any questions about the security of your Personal Information, you may contact us at privacy@leonardo.info.
If you are a Constituent who uses the Leonardo website for the following purposes of writing a blog, posting an event or using the site as an employee please note the following for security. Leonardo/ISAST accounts require a username and password to log in. You must keep your username and password and never disclose them to a third party. If you have reason to believe that your passwords or Personal Information are no longer secure, please promptly notify us at privacy@leonardo.info.
ACCOUNTABILITY
If after reviewing this Privacy Policy, you would like to submit a request or you have any questions or privacy concerns, please contact us at privacy@leonardo.info. Leonardo/ISAST will address your concerns and attempt to resolve any privacy issues in a prompt manner. If you are an EU or Swiss citizen and feel that Leonardo/ISAST is not abiding by the terms of this Privacy Policy, please contact Leonardo/ISAST at the contact information provided above. If any request remains unresolved, you may contact the national data protection authority for your EU Member State.
OTHER RIGHTS AND IMPORTANT INFORMATION
Children
Due to the nature of Leonardo/ISAST’s business, our Services are not marketed to minors. Leonardo/ISAST does not knowingly solicit or collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16). This applies to any Personal Information directly collected by us, but does not apply to the Personal Information provided to us by third-party services and organizations or from our Constituents regarding their Recipients (please refer to the terms of their respective privacy policies). If we learn that we have collected Personal Information from a child under the age of 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16) in relation to the Services, we will promptly delete that information.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California law permits users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of the Third Parties to whom we have disclosed their Personal Information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the type of Personal Information, disclosed to those parties. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request to privacy@leonardo.info.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our Websites include links to other websites, whose privacy practices may be different from ours. If you submit Personal Information to any of those websites, your information is governed by such websites’ privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit.
CHANGES
Leonardo/ISAST may update this Privacy Policy from time to time as it deems necessary in its sole discretion. Leonardo/ISAST will provide notification of any material changes to this Privacy Policy through the Website or as otherwise required by applicable law. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to be informed regarding how Leonardo/ISAST is using and protecting your information and to be aware of any policy changes. Your continued relationship with Leonardo/ISAST after the posting or notice of any amended Privacy Policy will constitute your agreement to be bound by any such changes. Any changes to this Privacy Policy take effect immediately after being posted or otherwise provided by Leonardo/ISAST.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Services, please contact us directly at: privacy@leonardo.info. Written inquiries may be addressed to: Leonardo/ISAST, 1201 Martin Luther King Jr Way, Suite 100, Oakland, CA 94612
v1.0 May 15, 2018
Copyright 2020 | Privacy Policy
Leonardo® is a registered trademark of ISAST.