https://www.hollywoodbowl.com/privacy-policy
Skip to page content
Play Your Part, support the LA Phil.  Your belief in the power of music to heal and transform makes our work possible.
Give Now
{{title}}
{{text}}
${{ price.displayPrice }}
$
Give Now
Please select a donation amount.
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated: June 2020
The Los Angeles Philharmonic Association (the "ASSOCIATION", “we”, “us”, or “our”) knows that you care how personal information you provide to us is used and shared. Therefore, the ASSOCIATION has adopted this Privacy Policy to inform users of how the websites and mobile application collect, store, and use personal information submitted via the sites and mobile application owned and operated by the ASSOCIATION. By interacting with the ASSOCIATION websites and/or mobile application, you agree to and accept the practices described in this Privacy Policy.We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time and without notice. If we do change this Privacy Policy, we will update the “Last Updated” date at the top of this page.  Any change will be effective immediately upon posting. You should review this Privacy Policy each time you access our websites or mobile application to see the most recent version.We will use information in accordance with the Privacy Policy under which the information was collected. If, however, we are going to use personal information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, we will notify users via email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. However, if users have opted out of all communication with the site, or deleted/deactivated their account, then they will not be contacted, nor will their personal information be used in this new manner. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our websites notifying users of the change. In some cases when we post a notice, users who have opted to receive communications from us may receive a notice alerting users to such changes.INFORMATION COLLECTED
INFORMATION YOU GIVE US.  Certain applications on the ASSOCIATION websites and mobile application may require users to register or to provide personal information in order to make a purchase, or to be included on our electronic mailing lists. To better understand the needs of our website and mobile application users, we may also request information on users from time to time on a voluntary basis. Such information gathered and provided to any third party does not contain any information that identifies the user, but contains generalized, aggregate data or so called "demographic information." Entry of such information is optional and if you choose not to enter such information, you can successfully use these applications.  If you choose to share demographic information with third parties, we will only provide aggregate data.
If you or your child participates in one of our learning programs, whether in person or online, we may capture certain video or photographs as part of the program and in promotional materials for future programs. We will always obtain your permission prior to doing so.AUTOMATIC INFORMATION. Certain applications in the ASSOCIATION websites and mobile application invoke a standard feature found in web browser software called "cookies." "Cookies" are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser, track the progress of e-commerce transactions, and to allow you to move from one page to the next without having to re-enter personal order information. We do not use or share information transferred through cookies with third parties for marketing or other purposes. Although most web browsers automatically accept cookies, you can change the configuration of your browser to prevent this from occurring. Of course, we recommend that you leave cookies "turned on" so that we can offer you more personalized service. In addition to information we gather by the use of cookies, we also automatically receive and store certain other types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, our servers track the type of web browser you are using, and the page to which you link from the ASSOCIATION websites or mobile application. We collect this information to better understand what products and services are of interest to visitors to the ASSOCIATION websites and mobile application.
USE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
In order to purchase tickets or merchandise, exchange tickets or access subscriber services, join our Email Clubs, participate in contests or surveys, or participate in any of our learning programs, whether online or in person, you must complete a registration form. Our website's registration form requires you to provide and verify basic contact information (such as your name and email address). This information is used to contact you about services in which you have expressed interest. It is optional for you to provide additional demographic information (such as income level and gender), but it is encouraged so we may provide a more personalized and meaningful experience on our site.Other uses of the personal information you provide to us may include:MARKETING ELECTRONIC MAIL. If you have opted-into receiving electronic mail communication from the ASSOCIATION, we may use your personal information to email you regarding special offers from the ASSOCIATION, updated information about the ASSOCIATION or the ASSOCIATION websites, or ways in which we can improve your experience at that site. All such emails sent to you by the ASSOCIATION will allow you to opt-out of future electronic communications from the Association.
OTHER CONTACTS. If you provide your email address or have opted-in to receiving electronic mail communications, the ASSOCIATION may also use your personal information to contact you by mail, by email, or by telephone regarding special offers from the ASSOCIATION, updated information about the ASSOCIATION or the ASSOCIATION websites, and new services offered by the ASSOCIATION. If you wish to be removed from this contact list, you may do so by contacting the ASSOCIATION directly. (See the ‘Contact Us’ section below).
DISCLOSURES TO THIRD PARTIES. The ASSOCIATION does not share any personal information with any nonaffiliated third parties, except in the following circumstances:
as necessary to provide the service that the customer has requested or authorized, or to maintain and service the customer’s account;
as required by regulatory authorities or law enforcement officials who have jurisdiction over the ASSOCIATION and its affiliates or as otherwise required by any applicable law; and
to the extent reasonably necessary to prevent fraud and unauthorized transactions.
With your permission, we may include images or recordings of you and your child in our marketing and promotional materials if you participate in our learning programs, whether online or in person.We release account and other personal information when required and in compliance with any law, or protect the rights, property, or safety of the ASSOCIATION, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.CONTESTS. The ASSOCIATION may occasionally present a special contest or promotion on its websites and/or mobile application that is sponsored by another company. To qualify for entry, we may ask you to provide personal information. If we plan to share that information with the sponsor(s), we will provide a statement to that effect.
III. SECURITYThe ASSOCIATION takes the security of the personal information provided to us seriously, and we have implemented commercially reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of information under our control. Our secure server software (SSL) is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read as the information travels over the internet.  We only keep your personal information for as long as required to provide you with the services you request, for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, and for any legal purpose for which we are obligated to keep the information.We restrict access to your personal information to those employees who need to know that information to provide you services. Employees are permitted to disclose personal information only to such other employees who need to have access to such information to deliver our services. Employees of the ASSOCIATION are prohibited, either during or after termination of their employment, from disclosing personal information to any person or entity outside of the ASSOCIATION, including family members, except under the circumstances described above. When we no longer need your personal information, we will delete or destroy the information in accordance with our data destruction policies and applicable data protection laws.Your personal information may be transferred across national borders and may be accessed by ASSOCIATION vendors and suppliers from countries with varying degrees of protection for your personal information. By agreeing to this Privacy Policy, you expressly consent to the processing of your information in any jurisdiction, including, without limitation, the United States of America, in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable data protection laws and regulations.CHILDREN’S ONLINE PRIVACY
The ASSOCIATION adheres to all applicable data protection laws with respect to the processing of personal information about and from minors in association with the programs we offer. The ASSOCIATION also complies with all of the contractual requirements of the children’s organizations and educational institutions with which we partner. The ASSOCIATION further permits parents to opt-out of the collection and processing of their children’s personal information and, where the parent does not opt-out, retains that personal information for only so long as we reasonably believe necessary.THIRD-PARTY LINKS
The ASSOCIATION is committed to protecting your privacy; however, this Privacy Policy applies only to the information collected via the ASSOCIATION websites and mobile application.YOUR CHOICES AND RIGHTS WITH REGARDS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Based upon where you reside, certain choices and rights with regards to your personal information may be available to you. Please see below for information on who to contact us to exercise these rights.Under the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) residents of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) have the following rights:The right to object to our processing of your personal information.
The right to request that your personal information be erased or restricted from further use.
The right to request a copy of the personal information we hold about you
The right to correct, amend, or update personal information you have given us.
While the ASSOCIATION does not engage in automated decision-making activities, residents of the EEA also have the right to contest any automated decision we make about you.
When handling a data access or correction request, we check the identity of the requesting party to ensure that he or she is the person legally entitled to make such request. Such requests are provided free of charge however a reasonable fee may be applied charged to cover our administrative costs incurred for requests that are manifestly unfounded, excessive or repetitive.Additionally, information that the ASSOCIATION collects may be transferred outside of the EEA, including to countries such as the United States, which have not been deemed as having “adequate” security measures by the European Commission. In these cases, your personal information will be transferred only after obtaining your consent.VII. CONTACT US/HOW TO UPDATE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONIf you have any further questions or would like to exercise any of your rights as outlined in this Privacy Policy, please contact us at information@laphil.org with “Privacy” included in the subject line or write to us at:Attn: Privacy Office The Los Angeles Philharmonic Association 151 S. Grand Avenue Los Angeles, CA 90012 USAIf, as an EEA resident, you believe that the ASSOCIATION has not adequately resolved any such issues, you have the right to contact your EU supervisory authority.
This site uses cookies to offer you the best possible experience. For details on how we use cookies, see our
Privacy Policy.
OK
Close
BIENVENIDO
¿Hablas español? Visita nuestra página web en español.
Visitar
© 2020 Los Angeles Philharmonic Association. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy