https://www.evhgear.com/support/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Support
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy at Fender Musical Instruments Corporation
Fender understands your concerns about privacy. So, we want you to understand what types of information we collect on this site and what may happen to that information.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, you should contact us at:
Fender Musical Instruments Corporation
Attn: Legal
17600 N. Perimeter Drive, Suite 100
Scottsdale, AZ 85255
Collection of Information Registration and Use of Information
No user is required to provide information in order to visit the EVHGear.com site. However, a user must register in order to be placed on the EVHGear.com Email Newsletter Service list. In addition, a user must register to enter contests and other promotions. During registration, a user provides certain categories of information, such as name, address, e-mail address, date of birth, and information regarding that user's purchase of EVH merchandise. The information which you supply to EVH enables us to customize our site to your interests and enhance your overall experience at our site. In addition, it helps us communicate with you about EVH news. Besides sending you the EVHGear.com Email Newsletter, EVHGear.com (Fender) may use your contact information periodically in order to send you email regarding upcoming Fender events and promotions. In addition, we may request information for other specific purposes. If the information provided will be used in any way that differs from the treatment outlined in this Privacy Policy, we will identify the differences when we request the information.
The EVHGear.com site contains links to sites operated by third parties. These sites may collect personally identifiable information about you. This Privacy Policy does not cover third-party data collection practices and EVHGear.com (Fender) does not assume any responsibility for third parties. Please check the privacy policy at each site you visit. Passive Collection of Information
In addition to the information that you actively provide to Fender, such as what you provide when you register for the EVHGear.com Email Newsletter Service, Fender collects information about how you interact with our site. EVHGear.com (Fender) collects passive information for purposes such as testing and improving a user's experience at the site and for compiling broad aggregate demographic data and related usage data for Fender's internal purposes. The types of passive information include, but are not limited to, your IP address, which type of browser you are using, where you go on our site and how long you stay on any part of our site. We may also track how you interact with our site, by assigning a random string of numbers and characters to your session. Passive information does not identify you to Fender by name, and Fender does not link your IP address to your personally identifiable information.
We use a "cookiebased data collection paradigm in certain areas of our site. Cookies are small files placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing customized services; for example, the use of cookies allows us to reduce the frequency with which you will need to enter your password on password-protected areas of our site. Additionally, in some cases, certain functionalities are only feasible through the use of a cookie. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on our site and/or you may be required to reenter your password more frequently during a session. Collection of Information from Children
Fender abides by federal law and the guidelines set up by the Federal Trade Commission regarding youth privacy. As such, Fender will not knowingly collect any personal information from young people under the age of 13, unless Fender provides notice that such information is being collected and obtains verifiable parental consent. Sharing of Information
Fender pledges that it will not sell, share, rent or otherwise transfer your information. Fender may however share broad aggregate demographic data and related usage information with our business partners. This aggregate information does not contain any personal information which can identify any individual user.
While Fender strives to protect the personal information of our users, Fender will release personal information if required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary. Security
Fender has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and/or unauthorized alteration of the information under our control. Fender protects personally identifiable information by utilizing both online and offline security methods, including firewalls, passwords and restricted physical access to the places where your information is stored. Our staff is trained to comply with our security procedures, and our security procedures are regularly reviewed and revised, if necessary.
Other Provisions Acceptance of Terms/Changes to Privacy Policy
Your use of this site indicates an acceptance of the terms of the Privacy Policy in effect at the time of such usage. Fender reserves the right to update or amend this Privacy Policy at any time.
If we are going to use your personally identifiable information in a manner which materially differs from the standards in effect at the time such information was collected, we will notify you and you will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner. If you have provided information to receive Fender's Email News Service and other Fender commercial email, you will be contacted by Fender, via email, regarding this materially different use. In addition, if we make any material changes to our Privacy Policy that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our site notifying users that our Privacy Policy has changed. In some cases when we post such a notice, we will also send an e-mail to users who have provided their information notifying them of the changes in our Privacy Policy. Choice/Opt-out
EVH users are asked to give information to be put on EVH's Email News Service list or to receive commercial email regarding upcoming Fender promotions and events. If you receive Fender's commercial email and would like to avoid receiving such email in the future, you may opt-out of receiving it by clicking on the opt-out area within that email. Fender will only communicate with you according to your instructions.
Your privacy is important to Fender. If you have questions about any of the provisions described above, please contact us via the contact information listed above.