https://www.frugalhaus.com/privacy-policy/
Home / Privacy & Policies
This privacy statement has been created in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to protecting customer privacy.
A Special Note About Children
We do not knowingly solicit data from children, nor do we knowingly market to children. We require that children under the age of 18 use this service only in conjunction with their parents or guardians.
Information We Collect
If you open an account on our site, we need your contact information including your name, e-mail address and mailing address. We use your purchase history, contact information and other registration information to send you information about your orders. When you visit our website, we also collect some basic information that does not identify individual users. We use this information to determine our users demographics and interests, so that we can better understand and serve our users.
When visitors come to https://frugalhaus.com, third parties (such as Google or AdRoll) may place cookies on their browsers for targeted advertising purposes. For the latest information on what these targeted advertising platforms collect, how to opt out of them, and any other questions, please refer here ( https://www.adrollgroup.com/privacy ) for AdRoll and here ( https://policies.google.com/privacy ) for Google. If you have opted-in into the AdRoll cross-device graph service (or are using any product or service that leverages AdRoll’s cross-device graph such as AdRoll Email), the list of types of personal data your website collects must include “hashed identifiers derived from email addresses for the purposes of cross-device tracking for targeted advertising.” Follow the instructions on Adroll or Google’s Privacy policies to opt out of targeted advertising from their platforms.
Cookies
Cookies are small files which store certain information about your activity on the website and are stored on your computers hard drive. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information. We use cookies to let us know that you are a prior customer, so that you do not have to reenter information you gave us on your prior visits. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but most allow you to instruct your browser to prevent the use of cookies. However, if you disable cookies, you will not be able to use certain features of this website.
Our Use and Disclosure of Your Information
We respect your privacy! We do not sell or share your information with anyone. Should you receive of the rare emails from us reminding you of a special event or letting you know about a new product or service, simply opt-out or reply to the email with unsubscribe and it will be unlisted from our system. We send new product or service emails very sparingly but if you let us know in your order [through the comments box or via email] that you wish to be unsubscribed from any communication, we would not pester you at all. We do not share aggregate statistics about our sales, traffic patterns and related site information with other businesses or individuals. To reiterate – we do not share any customer names and addresses with other vendors, partners or individuals.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. All user credit card information is securely communicated using secure socket layer (SSL) software, which is the industry standard and among the best software available for secure commerce transactions.
All user information stored on our server is stored in an encrypted format.
Foreign Currency Conversions
All prices and shipping calculations on the website are shown in U.S. Dollars.
All foreign currency conversions and credit issuer fees for associated services are the responsibility of the customer.
Changes to Privacy Statement; Consent
We may update this Privacy Statement from time to time. You should check this page periodically for changes.
Questions and Comments
We welcome your questions and comments about this Privacy Statement.
Product categories18-Inch Doll Clothes (PDFs)
Bargain Corner
Free Patterns
Jean Greenhowe
New Products
Pattern Books
Accessories
Adult Apparel
Afghans
Babies & Children
Holiday & Seasonal
Household Items
Toys & Dolls
Pattern Downloads (PDFs)
Adult Apparel
Afghans
Babies & Children
Hats, Scarves & Mittens
Holiday & Seasonal
Household Items
Pets
Purses, Totes & Bags
Slippers & Socks
Toys & Dolls
Also, Check Out Our Digital Download Patterns on:
Privacy and Security
NOW!
Only $1.99 standard shipping To USA Addresses on your total order! Dismiss