http://www.theuke.com/privacy_policy.html
Toggle navigation
Fun Styles
MiscellaneousUkulele Hissy FitUkulele BluesThe Baby Elephant BluesSkyblue Blues - Ukulele DuetUkulele HoedownsThe Ho-Diddley Boedown
Classical Uke
Classical ArrangementsFur Elise (ukuleles)Three Virtuostic SketchesVirtuoso Sketch No. 1Virtuoso Sketch No. 2Virtuoso Sketch No. 3Traditional TunesTwinkle, Twinkle, Little Star
Free Stuff!
Ukulele Sheet Music (beginner level)
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website?
We do not collect any personal information from visitors of our site, such as names, email addresses or credit card numbers.
Log Data
When you use our visit our website, our web server automatically provides us with a log displaying general visitor information, such the user IP address, browser type, operating system, the referring web page, pages visited within this site, location, mobile carrier, device information, search terms, and cookie information.
How do we use log data?
We use log data only on an aggregate basis, for the purpose of improving our site.
This information is not shared with any other party.
How do we protect visitor information?
We only provide articles and information and media. We never ask for personal or private information like names, email addresses or credit card numbers.
Do we use 'cookies'?
We do not use cookies for tracking or any other purposes, however our third-party advertisers might. Please see below.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
Third-party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Google
Google's advertising requirements are described by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
Remarketing with Google AdSense
Google Display Network Impression Reporting
Demographics and Interests Reporting
DoubleClick Platform Integration
Third-party vendors, such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation's consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under 13.