http://www.ttia-architects.org/privacy-policy
Home
About the TTIA
About the TTIA
Rules of the Institute
Architect Registration
Contact the TTIA
Find an Architect
Working with an Architect
Selecting an Architect
How Much Does It Cost?
TTIA Conditions of Engagement
TTIA Member Listing
Membership
Education
A STUDENT’S GUIDE
Professional Practice Exam
Continuing Professional Development
CPD Learning Materials
News & Events
News
Events
Privacy Policy
Last updated: 22nd May, 2019
So we can operate our website and provide to you the best experience possible, we need to gather and use information about your device, as well as set temporary files into the cache of your device’s temporary Internet data. These temporary files, known as ‘cookies’, allow us to keep track of your website preferences, or provide you with more advanced functionality, such as allowing you to make purchases or to login to our website, should you choose to subscribe. It would be impossible for us to provide you full functionality without the use of these temporary Internet files.
Additionally, to aid in the marketing of our website, we would like to make use of software which analyses the pages of our website which you visit. This software is provided by third-parties. Our first- and second-party software does not knowingly store any personally-identifiable information about you, unless you directly provide it to us. Finally, the server logs of our hosting provider also necessarily would know information about your device, and at what times you have visited our website.
Data about your device which is logged may include:
Your web-browser, its type and version;Information about your device’s operating system;The IP of your current Internet connection;Webpages you visit and at what times.
The security of your information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially-acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
This ‘privacy policy’ is effective as of the above-mentioned date, and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future. Future changes will become effective immediately after being posted to this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our privacy policy at any time, and you should check it periodically. Your continued use of our website after we post any modifications to its privacy policy will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications, and your consent.
Thank you, and please enjoy our website!
Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
© 2019 Trinidad & Tobago Institute of Architects