http://www.capeannsymphony.org/privacy-policy
OUR VIRTUAL BRASS ENSEMBLE HOLIDAY CONCERT IS NOW AVAILABLE HERE
Log in to your account:
Email Address:
Password:
Forgot your password? That's ok, click this text and we'll send you another one via email!
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy and do not tolerate spam and will never sell, rent, lease or give away your information (name, address, email, etc.) to any third party. Nor will we send you unsolicited email.
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for the Cape Ann Symphony and its website, capeannsymphony.org. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website.
Cape Ann Symphony is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to fulfill a ticket order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about upcoming concerts, special events, or changes to this privacy policy. You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website.
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Sensitive data such as your credit card data is not stored either by the Cape Ann Symphony or its order processing partner, Brookline Bank. Wherever we collect any information that you provide (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (978) 281-0543 or info@capeannsymphony.org.
Menu
Home
About
Concerts
Giving
Contact Us
Make a gift to Cape Ann Symphony.
Thanks to the support of our wonderful community, the Cape Ann Symphony has become one of the premier regional orchestras in the country. You’re helping us keep that legacy strong, and growing! If you would like to add a gift to the Symphony, click one of the buttons below to add a one-time donation to the cart.