https://www.lordofthedance.com/privacy-policy-5h20q1/
Get TicketsPrivacy Policy
Your privacy, and the privacy of all registered users of www.lordofthedance.com. is important to us. Accordingly, we have adopted the following privacy policy. Our policy is based on the principles of notice, choice, access and security in the collection and use of all information regarding our users and their activities at our site.
Information about us
www.lordofthedance.com is a site operated by MFCE Entertainment (Holdings) Limited.
We are a company registered in London, United Kingdom under company number 12006472. Our main trading address is Unit 9, first floor. Westworks, 195 Wood Lane, London, W12 7FQ.
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. We are responsible for protecting your personal information as a “data controller” under applicable data protection legislation. If you have any queries about this Policy or how we use your personal information, please contact us at info@lordofthedance.com.
This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.  Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting our website, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
If you would prefer your personal data was not used in the manner described in this policy, you should not use our websites or services.
Information we collect from you
We will collect and process the following data about you:
Information you give to us. This is information about you that you provide to us when you use our websites or correspond with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. It includes information you provide when signing-up to receive our newsletters and offers or participate in our discussion board discussion as part of your ongoing use of the services. The information you give to us may include your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, log-in details (if any) and marketing preferences. If you contact us with a complaint or query, we may keep a record of your contact details and the correspondence between us and your levels of satisfaction. When we collect personal data from you we will indicate whether any personal data we have requested from you is mandatory or optional and explain the consequences if you decide not to provide that information. In some cases, not providing the information may mean we are unable to provide you with a product or service you have requestedInformation we collect about you. When you visit our websites or use our services, we will automatically collect the following information:Technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, information about the device you use the application on, including the device’s unique identifiers and mobile network information, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform.Information about your visit and use of our services, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time), products you viewed or searched for’ page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call our customer service number.Information we receive from other sources. This is information which we receive about you if you use any of our other websites, applications or services, login through a third-party channel such as Facebook or Google or allow us to connect to third party devices or applications. We also receive information about you from other sources to enable us to provide you with a better user experience. For example, we work closely with third parties including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, customer management platforms, search information providers. In addition, we collect information sent back to us by third party ticket sellers with the exception of credit card information.
Cookies
Use of our site requires that you accept the use of cookies. We use cookies to protect confidential data, track activity at our site and better serve your needs and interests as well as improve its content and ease of use. Cookies are small files of letters and numbers that we put on your computer if you agree. We use web analytics cookies to help us understand what content is most useful to our users. They allow us to recognize and count the number of users and to see how they like to move around the website. This helps us to improve how the website works, for example by making sure that users are finding what they need easily.
Our cookies do not keep personally identifiable information. None of the data we get from cookies will contain information that will enable anyone to contact you via telephone, email, or any other means. You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies, you may not be able to access all, or parts of the website.
Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies as soon you visit the website.
Please visit www.aboutcookies.org to find out more about cookies.
Uses made of the information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to us. We (and our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006) will use this information:
To identify or register you as a user of the site and to enable or authorize you to access and submit information and data to the site.with your consent or as otherwise permitted by applicable law, to provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar or complimentary to those that you have already purchased or enquired about;with your consent or as otherwise permitted by applicable law, to provide you, or permit selected third parties to provide you, with information about goods or services we feel may interest you. Where we contact you by electronic means for marketing purposes, we will only do so if you have consented to this. If you do not want us to use your data in this way, or to pass your details on to third parties for marketing purposes, please amend your preferences at any time by sending an email to use info@michaelflatley.com.where you have provided your details to enable you to enter one of our competitions, we will use the personal data you provide to process your entry into the competition and to communicate with you about this;to handle any customer service requests or other queries you communicate to us;to notify you about changes to our products or services;to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer or mobile.
Information we collect about you. We will use this information:
to provide the information, products and services that you request from us;to administer our websites or applications and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;to allow you to participate in interactive features of our services, when you choose to do so;as part of our efforts to keep our websites and applications safe and secure;to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users about goods or services that may interest you or them; andto allow us to receive feedback and conduct reviews of our products and services.to associate your personally identifying information with information we collect about your preferences and activities at the site, such as the particular pages you request at the site.
Information we receive from other sources. We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We will use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive). We may combine your personally identifying information, and information about your preferences and activities, with those of all or a particular group of our users to prepare collective profiles of our users and their activities. For example, we may track the number of our users who view certain pages. Such information, and other information we derive from individual users’ information, allows us to continually improve the site.
Legal basis for processing your information
We will only process your personal data where we have a legal basis to do so. The legal basis will vary depending on the purposes for which we have collected and use your personal data. In almost all cases, the legal basis will be one of the following:
Consent: For example, where you have provided your consent to receive certain marketing from us. You can withdraw your consent at any time, including by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any marketing email we send you. Please see the section, ‘Marketing’ below.Our legitimate business interests: Where it is necessary for us to understand our customers, promote our services and products and operate effectively as a business, provided in each case that this is done in a legitimate way which does not unduly affect your privacy and other rights. For example, we will rely on this legal basis when we conduct certain market analysis to understand our customers in sufficient detail so we can raise the profile of our products and services and create new ones.Compliance with law: Where we are subject to a legal obligation and need to use your personal data in order to comply with that obligation.
Disclosure of your information
We may disclose your personal data to the following third parties, for the purposes set out below:
any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006, where these companies assist us in providing the services, administering our group operations or performing any of the tasks set out below;analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of our websites and applications;our third-party suppliers and professional advisors, who may need access to your personal data in order to provide services to us.
We may also disclose your personal data to third parties in the following circumstances:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.If MFCE or substantially all its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of MFCE, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations (including law enforcement) for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.Messages posted on our site’s visitor’s book may be made public after approval by our team. Any message containing personal information such as a full address or phone number will be kept within our files but will not be publicly published.
Where we store your personal data
We protect your information in accordance with our IT Security Policy. The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”), including in countries where you may have fewer legal rights than you do under the laws in your own country. Personal data may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our contractors. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Whenever we transfer your information as described in the paragraph above, we will take steps which are reasonably necessary to ensure that adequate safeguards are in place to protect your personal data and to make sure it is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Notice. In these cases, we rely on approved data transfer mechanisms to ensure your information is subject to adequate safeguards in the recipient country. If you are located in the EEA, you may contact us for a copy of the safeguards which we have put in place to protect your personal data and privacy rights in these circumstances.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
Please remember that you play a valuable part in security as well. Remember that any information you voluntarily disclose on-line may be collected and used by others without your permission.
Third party sites
Our websites and applications may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link, please note that those websites and applications will have their own privacy policies and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for them. Please check their policies before you submit any personal data.
Retention of your information
We take steps to ensure that the personal data that you provide is retained for only as long as it is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected. After this period, it will be deleted or in some cases anonymized.
Where we have collected the personal data based on your consent and we have no other lawful basis to continue with that processing, if you subsequently withdraw your consent then we will delete your personal data.
Marketing and how to unsubscribe
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us via info@michaelflatley.com
You can unsubscribe from our marketing emails at any time by clicking on the Unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email you’ve received. Should you experience any problems please contact info@michaelflatley.com who will assist you with unsubscribing from our database.
If you have asked us to stop sending emails and this hasn’t happened, it may be because the email address to which we are sending information is not the same as the address you sent your request from. Please check the address we are using and include this information in your request. The easiest way to do this is to return to us the whole of the unwanted email. The address we are sending to is included within the message.
Your rights
Data protection law gives you certain rights in relation to your personal data. These include: the right to access information held about you, the right to object to it being used for certain purposes (for example marketing, as explained above), and the right to have personal data deleted, restricted and in certain cases to receive a machine-readable copy of your personal data.
If you would like to exercise your rights of access, please email info@michaelflatley.com. We will handle any request to exercise your rights in accordance with applicable law and any relevant legal exemptions. We will act in accordance with your instructions as soon as reasonably possible and there will be no charge.
You may also have the right to complain to a data protection authority if you think we have processed your personal data in a manner which is unlawful or breaches your rights. If you have such concerns, we request that you initially contact us (using the contact details above) so that we can investigate, and hopefully resolve, your concerns.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. It may be necessary from time to time for us to modify this policy to reflect changes in the way we collect and use information or changes in privacy-related laws, regulations, and industry standards. Accordingly, we reserve the right to change this policy at any time by posting the revised policy on this website. This policy was posted on October 15, 2019. Data will be handled in accordance with the policy in effect at the time the data is used, subject to the user’s right to opt out of revisions to this policy implemented since the data was first collected.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be sent to info@michaelflatley.com.See us live in:TaichungTaipeiKaohsiungChanghua CityHualien CityBrnoOstravarPardubiceLiberecPragueCarlsbadIrelandFrom your internet addressUse precise locationNeed Help?Contact Usvisitmichaelflatley.comAll dates subject to changeCopyright © 2020 MFCE Entertainment (Holdings) LimitedPrivacy PolicyManage CookiesWe use cookies so that we can remember you and ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.
We'd also like to set optional analytics cookies to help us improve it. We won't set optional cookies unless you enable them. Using this tool will set a cookie on your device to remember your preferences.I agree to theCookie & Privacy PolicyYesNoSave & Close