https://www.westaf.org/privacy/
Click here to download a PDF version of this policy.
WESTAF and ZAPP® Software are committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy statement addresses our online information practices and the choices you can make about how your information is used. This policy applies to your use of WESTAF’s web-based services that our clients use to collect and process applications for entry into calls, shows, and festivals or for grants and other events and programs sponsored by WESTAF’s clients (“Services”). By accessing our Services, you accept the practices and policies described in this statement.
This policy applies only to the collection, use, and protection of personally identifiable information by WESTAF and its subsidiaries and affiliates, including ZAPP Software, LLC. As used in this policy, WESTAF refers to WESTAF and its subsidiaries and affiliates.This policy does not apply to personally identifiable information about you that is collected, stored and/or used by WESTAF’s clients through our Services.
Collection of Personal Information by WESTAF
We collect the following:
Information you provide to us when you register on our sites or fill out a form and when you visit our web pages or the pages of our clients
Information WESTAF automatically receives and records when you interact with our sites (e.g. IP address; browser type, version, and time zone setting; browser plug-in types and versions; operating system and platform; software and hardware attributes; and cookie information)
When completing financial transactions online, we will ask for your credit card number, expiration date, and limited billing information (such as zip code). We do not store your credit card information
Collection of Information by WESTAF Clients
Personally identifiable information may be collected by WESTAF’s clients (shows, agencies, organizations, and other institutions). Clients will have access to personally identifiable information that will be used for the purpose for which it was collected (e.g., evaluating applications or reviewing reports). Each client is responsible for its own privacy policy. Please contact the individual institution for information on its privacy policy and information use.
Use of Personal Information
WESTAF uses the information we collect from you for the following general purposes:
To provide you with convenient access to our Services
To personalize your experience on our sites and enhance your interaction with us
To improve our Services and provide you with features specific to your needs
To improve customer service and more effectively respond to support needs
To send you communications about our Services, including system announcements, administrative messages, and changes in our terms and conditions.
Your consent to share your personally identifiable information and any other information you post on a WESTAF website is granted as follows: (1) when you register for a specific Online Application System, you consent to sharing your User Profile with the sponsor of each event and program to which you apply through that system; (2) when you register for or use a WESTAF website that has as one of its primary purposes the sharing of User Profile and other user provided information with others; (3) when you complete or edit your User Profile and opt-in to your personally identifiable information being shared as provided for in the terms of your opt-in election; (4) when you post information on any public or non-password protected portion of any WESTAF website; and (5) any other means by which you expressly grant such consent.
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third party providers who perform services on our behalf or assist us in operating our Services, conducting our business, or servicing you. These providers are not permitted to use your personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing the services we request of them.
Disclosure of Personal Information
We reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law and when we reasonably believe that disclosure is necessary to protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
Protecting Your information
WESTAF implements a variety of industry standard security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information. We support all three areas of data security: physical security, operational security, and system security, to ensure maximum protection of our client data. We host our systems on a highly secure, multi-tier architecture, which is deployed on a hybrid, clustered hardware and cloud environment. The system contains intrusion detection services, utilizing both proactive and reactive network security to ensure the latest in regulatory compliance, including PCI. Dual hardware firewalls and intrusion detection systems provide the latest security services for the network. The system uses the SSL encryption to secure all account access to all services and is continually monitored for optimal availability, reliability, and integrity. Adherence to these measures and standards does not assure that personally identifiable information we collect and/or store will be kept secure under all circumstances at all times.
Cookies
WESTAF may use “cookies.” Cookies are text files placed on your browser to store your preferences. Cookies do not reveal your personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us by registering with one of our sites. We use cookies to understand site usage and to improve our sites. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our web pages (e.g. to recognize you by name when you return to our site), save your password in password-protected areas, and enable you to use shopping carts on our sites.
Third Party Cookies
If WESTAF allows third parties to show advertisements on the pages of its sites (“advertisers”), then WESTAF may allow those advertisers to set and access their cookies on your computer. Any advertiser’s use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not this one. Advertisers and other third parties do not have access to WESTAF’s cookies.
Access to Personal Information
WESTAF can provide you with access to your personal information. You have access to the information we have about you. You can edit your WESTAF User Profile at any time. You can also contact WESTAF if you wish to disable your User Profile.
Effect of WESTAF’s General and Specific Terms of Use:
This policy describes WESTAF’s intended use, sharing and protection of personally identifiable information. Nothing in this policy is a warranty against unintentional disclosure or piracy of any information nor a warranty that WESTAF will accurately store, retrieve and/or transmit any information. WESTAF’s responsibilities and liabilities under this policy are subject to WESTAF’s General Terms of Use applicable to WESTAF’s Services and web applications which supersede anything to the contrary in this policy.
Business Transitions
In the event that WESTAF goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your personally identifiable information may be among the assets transferred. WESTAF will notify you via email of any such change in ownership or control of your personal information.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Children/Minors
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act). We do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
OR
To insure the protection of the privacy of children, and to comply with COPPA regulations, any applicant under the age of 13 must obtain consent to use this website by a parent or legal guardian. Such consent will be evidenced by providing the contact information of the parent or legal guardian, who will receive notification of the child’s request to register on a WESTAF website. Applicants will have to provide proof of consent by a parent or guardian.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to this website privacy policy.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
This policy may change from time to time, so please refer back to this page periodically.
Contact
If you have any questions regarding this statement or would like more information on our privacy practices, please contact us at staff@westaf.org.
OUR WORK
Alliances, Advocacy & Policy
Social Responsibility & Inclusion
Technology
Publications
WESTAF
About Us
Staff
Trustees
Careers
RESOURCES AND NEWS
Resources for Arts Organizations and Artists
Newsletter
Contact Us
© 2020 WESTAF Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Website Design by Interactive Builds Selected WESTAF programs and services are generously supported by the National Endowment for the Arts.
Our Work
Alliances, Advocacy & Policy
Convenings
Services to State Arts Agencies
Advocacy
Social Responsibility & Inclusion
Grants
Leaders of Color
Technology
Publications
WESTAF
About Us
Strategic Plan
The United States Regional Arts Organizations
Staff
Trustees
Careers
Resources And News
COVID-19 Resources & Information
Resources for Arts Organizations and Artists
News
Newsletter
Contact