http://www.anandfoundation.com/privacy-policy/
About
Anand Foundation
Mission
Books
Biographies
Delhi
Nature
Shared culture and Diversity
Directory
Videos Gallery
Links
Free Listing
Monuments
Cultural Calendar
Search
Home
Arts
Visual
Sculpture
Sacred Spaces and Symbolism
Films
Performing
Dance
Classical
Bharatnatyam
Kuchipudi
Kathak
Kathakali
Manipuri
Mohiniyattam
Odissi
Contemporary
Folk and Tribal
Music
Classical
Hindustani
Instrumental
Light Classical
Ghazal
Qawwali
Magician
Martial
Puppetry
Storytelling
Theater
Writer and Poet
Crafts
Natural Dyeing
Papering Dreams
Pottery
Communities
Akhadas
Colonies
Customs
Food
Religion
Languages
Languages Institutions In Delhi
PASHTO
PERSIAN
SANSKRIT
URDU
Nature
Fauna
Flora
Gardens
Tangible heritage
Archaeological Sites
Remember Me
Lost your password?
Home
Arts Visual Sculpture
Sacred Spaces and Symbolism
Films
Performing Dance Classical Bharatnatyam
Kuchipudi
Kathak
Kathakali
Manipuri
Mohiniyattam
Odissi
Contemporary
Folk and Tribal
Music Classical Hindustani Instrumental
Light Classical Ghazal
Qawwali
Magician
Martial
Puppetry
Storytelling
Theater
Writer and Poet
Crafts Natural Dyeing
Papering Dreams
Pottery
Communities Akhadas
Colonies
Customs
Food
Religion
Languages Languages Institutions In Delhi
PASHTO
PERSIAN
SANSKRIT
URDU
Nature Fauna
Flora
Gardens
Tangible heritage Archaeological Sites
Privacy Policy
Welcome to the Anand Foundation Privacy Policy
When you access Anand Foundation‘s Web, your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what data we collect, why we collect it and what we do with it. This is important; we hope you will take time to read it carefully. And remember, you can find controls to manage your information and protect your privacy and security.
Privacy Policy
Last modified: 07th November 2017
We take a proactive approach to user privacy and ensure that necessary steps are taken to protect the privacy policy of the users through their visiting experience.
We are working to earn your trust every day by focusing on the following privacy principles:
Control: We will put you in control of your privacy with easy-to-use tools and clear choices.
Transparency: We will be transparent about data collection and use so you can make informed decisions.
Security: We will protect the data you entrust to us through strong security and encryption.
Strong legal protections: We will respect your local privacy laws and fight for legal protection of your privacy as a fundamental human right.
No content-based targeting: We will not use your email, chat, files or other personal content to target ads to you.
Benefits to you: The collect data will be used for your benefit only and to make our services better which will always have oriented to make your experiences better.
We are committed to protect your privacy. Authorized employees within ourselves, on a need to know basis only, use any information collected from individual users. We constantly review our systems and data to ensure the best possible service to our users. We will adhere by the laws in place that create offences for unauthorized actions against computer systems and data. We will investigate any such actions with a view to prosecuting and/or taking civil proceedings to recover damages against those responsible.
We’ve tried to keep it as simple as possible. Your privacy matters to Anand Foundation , so whether you are new to Anand Foundation  or a long-time user, please do take the time to get to know our practices.
Transparency and choice
People have different privacy concerns. Our goal is to be clear about what information we collect, so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used
Accessing your personal information
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which the information is collected. We will collect and use the personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used and to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete and up-to-date.
We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction. Because of this, after you delete information from our services, we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems.
Information that we share
We do not share personal information with companies, organizations and individuals outside of Anand Foundation  unless one of the following circumstances applies:
With your consent
We will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside Anand Foundation  when we have your consent to do so. We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information.
For external processing
We provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside Anand Foundation  if we have a belief in good faith that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Anand Foundation , our users or the public, as required or permitted by law.
If Anand Foundation  is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, we will continue to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Information Security
We work hard to protect Anand Foundation  and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of information that we hold.
When this Privacy Policy applies
Our Privacy Policy applies when you access our Web.
Compliance and cooperation with Regulatory Authorities
We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy. When we receive formal written complaints, we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we cannot resolve with our users directly.
Changes
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes). We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.
SHARE ON
FacebookTwitterLinkedin
Recent Posts
New Delhi World Book Fair 2020
Jashn-e-Rekhta 2019
Origami Exhibition
Exhibition at Japan Foundation: Japan Travelling through art,design and architecture
Conversations, Group Art Show at India Habitat Centre
Archives Click on any year to see, features on interesting subjects and practitioners of
intangible heritage that our interns have worked on in earlier years.
2019
2018
2017
2016
2014
2013
2012
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003