http://www.jacobholtz.com/legal.html
Industrial Casters &    Replacement Casters >
Heavy Duty Casters >
Swivel Casters >
Plate Casters >
Stem Casters >
Metal Casters >
X Casters SeriesTM >
Twin Wheel Casters >
Furniture Casters >
Bed Casters >
Caster Wheels >
Table Glides &
Table Levelers>
Furniture Hardware,    L Brackets,
Leg Plates & More >
Caster Inserts,
Sockets & Brackets >
Legal
Jacob Holtz Company respects your privacy and the purpose for which
our site visitors provide us information. We do not share, sell, or rent any of
the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the
future.
Information Collected
If you request or
submit information to Jacob Holtz Company by sending an e-mail via the "mail to:"
function or filling out a "request for information" form, we may save your
e-mail address as well as any other information you may provide. This
information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, e-mail, or phone
to convey information about Jacob Holtz Company solutions or services that we feel may
benefit you. Your e-mail and other information you provide will not be sold to
any third party.
Information Collected by Others
This notice addresses only the policy of Jacob Holtz Company website and not the
sites that users access via links from our site. Jacob Holtz Company is not responsible
for the information collection policies of other sites, nor for the practices
employed by websites linked to or from our website, nor for the information or
content contained therein. Often links to other websites are provided solely as
pointers to information on topics that may be useful to our visitors. Users are
advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.
Cookies
Jacob Holtz Company website does not use cookies.
Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information
If you would like to have your personal information removed from Jacob Holtz, please send an e-mail via the feedback form, with "Remove personal
information" in the subject line. To update, change, or correct your personal
information, please send an e-mail via the feedback form with the appropriate
changes.
Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information
Jacob Holtz Company may disclose information when legally compelled to do
so; in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or
for the protection of our legal rights.
Periodic Policy
Changes
Please note that Jacob Holtz Company reviews its privacy practices
from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that
these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the
most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically
review this page.
This policy statement is made in the name of Jacob Holtz and is effective as of 4-06-10. This statement does not create an agreement
between Jacob Holtz Company and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights
for any party.
For inquiries contact:
Jacob Holtz Company
10 Industrial Hwy, MS-6
Airport Business - Complex "B"
Lester, PA 19029
Phone:
1-800-445-4337 | 215-423-2800
Fax: 215-634-7454
info@jacobholtz.com
10 Industrial Hwy, MS-6 | Airport Business | Complex "B" | Lester, PA 19029 | Phone: 1-800-445-4337 | 215-423-2800 | Fax: 215-634-7454 | info@jacobholtz.com
NC Facility: Phone: 828-328-1003 | Fax: 828-328-1002
Legal | © 2010- Jacob Holtz. All Rights Reserved.