http://www.uen.org/ueninfo/guidelines/terms-of-use.shtml
Skip Navigation
PreK-12 Education
Essentials for Teachers
UEN's Teacher Toolbox
Utah Core Standards
Lesson Plan Library
Rubric Library
CACTUS
UEN eMedia
Apps4Edu
More K12 Education
General Resources
Utah's Online Library
K-2 Educator Resources
Student Interactives
Homework Help
Student Resources
Preschool Pioneer
E-Rate
Learn @ Home
Resources by Subject
English Language Arts
Family & Consumer Science
Mathematics
Science
Social Studies
Utah Related Resources
Find More Resources...
my.uen Login
Forgot my.uen Login
Curriculum Search
Find a School
Higher Education
Tools for Higher Ed
Canvas
Interactive Video Conferencing
Utah's Online Library
Respondus
Turnitin
More Higher Education
Resources and Partners
Continuing Ed Programs
Utah System of Technical Colleges
UEN eMedia
NROC HippoCampus
Copyright Resources
Utah EPSCoR
Internet2
Canvas Logins
Find an Institution
Resources and services for Utah Higher Education faculty and students such as Canvas and collegEmedia.
Career Education
Credential Resources
Adult Education
CTE Pathways
Grades 6-12
Higher Education
Work-Based Learning
More Career Education
Career Resources
Jobs Near You
Launch My Career
Smart Start Guides
STEM Action Center
Talent Ready Utah
Veteran Employment
Additional Resources
Adult Education Association of Utah
American Graduate
Portrait of a Graduate
Types of Skills
Women and Girls Lead
Content and resources for career literacy and preparation.
Career Ed News
×
Professional Development
Take a Class
Request a Presentation
Register for a Course
Online Course Login
USBE Courses
Important Information
Policies & Procedures
Location & Parking
Additional Resources
Ed Tech Endorsement Program
C-Forum
Utah Effective Teaching Standards
More Prof Development
EdTech Coaching
K-12 and Higher Ed
On-demand coaching to answer your questions at any education level.
Canvas
Get the information that you need to be successful in your Canvas implementation.
Nearpod
Learn how to navigate Nearpod and their Student Engagement Platform.
Utah’s Online Library
Coaches can help you best use the resources in Utah's Online Library.
State Licensed Software
We focus on state-wide licensed software, but can assist with other tech tools as well.
Chat with an EdTech Coach!
Follow Us
PDTV
UEN Homeroom
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
YouTube
Pinterest
Meet Our Instructors
Justin
Rob
Jared
Katie
Dani
Jared
Jami
Shannon
Val
UEN-TV
Watch UEN-TV
Broadcast Schedule
FNX
NHK World-Japan
Utah Instructional TV
More UEN-TV
Information
About UEN-TV
Find UEN-TV
KUEN Public File
Art & STEM Focus
Art Connection
SciFi Friday
SciTech Now
UEN Print Schedule
Monthly Highlights
Give Us Feedback
UEN-TV is operated by the Utah Education Network. Our goal is to educate, engage, and enrich the lives of Utah residents through broadcast programs and services.
Distance Education
On-Demand Support
800-863-3496, opt. 1, opt. 1
Mon-Fri 6:00 AM-10:00 PM
Or e-mail us: ivc-ops@uen.org
More Distance Education
Resources
IVC Customer Portal
Training Resources
CMS Web App (CWA)
WebEx
Zoom
Canvas
Interactive Field Trips
Additional Info
UEN IVC Mission
Service Contracts
Survey Portal
The Utah Education Network (UEN) uses various systems and tools to
deliver distance education classes to Utah students.
Network
Tech Services   (800) 863-3496
Operations Center
801-585-7440
Staff Directory
UEN Security Office
801-585-9888
Technical Services Support Center (TSSC)
800-863-3496
Staff Directory
Projects
BTOP Information
eduroam
CBRS/LTE Project
Technical Summit
SURIN Utah
UtahSAINT
E-Rate
Network Groups
Technical Advocates
T-Forum Information
Utah Wireless Administrators Group
More Network
Network Tools
Network Outages
Network Traffic Map
Health Report
Speed Test
Infrastructure Map
About UEN
Information
CARES Act
Information Booklet
Staff Directory
UEN Service Catalog
Network Map
Jobs
Technical Advocates
Eccles Broadcast Center
101 Wasatch Drive
Salt Lake City, UT 84112
(800) 866-5852
(801) 585-6105 (fax)
UEN Governance
UETN Board Meetings
UETN Board Members
UEN Advisory Council
UTN Advisory Council
UETN
Technology Advisory Committee
UETN
Tutorial
Guidelines & Bylaws
UETN Projects and Initiatives
More About UEN
(800) 866-5852
Contact Us
Administration
(801) 585-6013
Org Chart
Instructional Services
(800) 866-5852
Org Chart
Public Information
(801) 585-7271
Logo and Guidelines
Technical Services
(800) 863-3496
Org Chart
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
News RSS
Contact Us Form
Dashboards
Maps
Widgets
Share
UETN Website Terms of Use
Information on UEN.org and websites hosted by Utah Education and Telehealth Network (UETN) is made available as a public service, without express or implied warranties of any kind, and is subject to the following disclaimers:
1. Accuracy, Changes, And Continuity Of Service
UETN tries to ensure that the information made available on UEN.org and its hosted websites is accurate and complete. Due to factors beyond the control of UETN, however, it cannot guarantee against unauthorized modifications of information or errors made in inputting and posting data. UETN reserves the right to make changes to a website at any time to update, add, or correct the information available.
2. No Warranties
UETN disclaims any express or implied warranties related to making UEN.org and UETN hosted sites available for public use, and for any materials, information, graphics, products, or processes contained within its websites. The public is granted access to information on UEN.org and UETN hosted sites on a strictly "as is" basis. UETN does not control or accept responsibility for the conduct of its users.
3. Submissions
In some instances, UETN invites users to submit content to display on its websites. If UETN chooses to display submitted content, it does so solely at its own discretion and for the purpose of supporting the mission of UETN. UETN exercises final approval authority over any content it chooses to post on its websites and reserves the right to remove any submitted content at any time at its discretion.
UETN disclaims any responsibility for any information, materials, opinions, endorsements of products or services, or any other content located or made available on external sites.
4. External Links; Personal Opinions
UETN may choose to provide hypertext or other links to non-UETN affiliated websites. As with circumstances where UETN chooses to post content submitted by users, UETN posts these links for the purpose of communicating and supporting the mission of UETN. If UETN chooses to provide a link to any non-UETN website, it does so solely at its own discretion. UETN is not a public forum and users submitting links should not expect that any link submitted will be posted on UEN.org and other UETN hosted websites.
UETN disclaims legal responsibility for any information, materials, opinions, endorsements of products or services, or any other content located or made available on external sites. No other sections of this disclaimer statement are applicable to external sites beyond the control of UETN.
5. Copyright Limitations
UETN has made the content of most pages on UEN.org and UETN-hosted websites available to the public. Anyone may view, copy, or distribute information found within these web pages (not including the design or layout of the pages) for personal, educational or informational use without owing an obligation to UETN if the documents are not modified in any respect, and unless otherwise stated on the particular materials or information to which a restriction on free use applies. UETN makes no warranty, however, that the materials contained on its UETN-hosted websites are free from copyright claims, or other restrictions or limitations on free use or display. UETN disclaims any liability for the improper or incorrect use of information obtained from UETN-hosted websites.
6. Assumption Of Risk Of Use
One who uses the information available for public use on UETN-hosted sites assumes the risk of using or relying on such information. Neither UETN nor its employees shall be liable for any damages, including indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages a user incurs as a result of viewing, distributing, or copying materials on the sites made available to the public, even if advised of the possibility of such damages.
7. Monitoring And Protecting The System From Intrusion
Computer systems using UETN websites are subject to monitoring to assure proper functioning of the system and to provide security for the computer system's operation. By using UETN hosted sites, you are consenting to the exercise of such monitoring practices. UETN reserves the right to use any legally appropriate measures to prevent and investigate anyone attempting to modify, deface, delete, or otherwise tamper with or abuse a UETN-hosted website, server, database, information system, or other UETN technology asset.
8. Utah Law And Jurisdiction
The materials made available for public use on UETN-hosted websites are for the use and benefit of the residents of Utah. Any person who uses these sites or attempts to gain access to information or materials on the computer systems hosting the UETN sites is subject to the jurisdiction of the State of Utah. Any dispute arising from a person using or attempting to use information or materials on the State's websites shall be determined in accordance with Utah laws and in the courts of Utah.
9. Affiliate Terms Of Use
UETN affiliates include suppliers, partners, and contractors involved in creating, producing, and/or delivering the sites and/or its contents. When using particular services or materials on UETN websites, users shall be subject to the terms and conditions applicable to those services in addition to these Terms of Use. All such guidelines or rules are hereby incorporated by reference into these Terms of Use.
10. Security
UETN adheres to strict industry standards to secure our website and client applications, manage our network, and set safety policies throughout our complete organization. UETN has in place what we believe to be appropriate physical, electronic, and material procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Site users should be aware that even though protections are in place, UETN cannot guarantee against the occurrence of hardware failure, unauthorized intrusion, or other technical problems.
11. Privacy
All users are expected to comply with federal, state, and local laws and policies. For additional information, see the UETN Privacy Policy.
12. Changes to and Versions of the Privacy Notice
This privacy notice may be changed at any time; any changes will be posted on this webpage. The version number and date the notice was last revised will be noted on the notice. Information collected while a particular version of this notice is in effect will be handled in accordance with that version. If you have questions, comments, or concerns,
please contact us.
Notice Version October 1, 2018