http://www.deveresociety.co.uk/cookie-policy
Cookie Policy Home   / Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Last Updated: 03 September 2020
INTRODUCTION
The de Vere Society (‘we’ or ‘us’ or ‘our’) may use cookies, tracking pixels, and other tracking technologies when you visit our website www.deveresociety.co.uk, including any other media form, media channel, mobile website, or mobile application related or connected thereto (collectively, the ‘Site’) to help customise the Site and improve your user experience.
We reserve the right to make changes to this Cookie Policy at any time and for any reason.
We will alert you about any changes by updating the ‘Last Updated’ date of this Cookie Policy.
Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the updated Cookie
Policy on the Site, and you waive the right to receive specific notice of each such change or
modification.
You are encouraged to periodically review this Cookie Policy to stay informed of updates.
You will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to
have accepted the changes in any revised Cookie Policy by your continued use of the Site after
the date such revised Cookie Policy is posted.
OUR USE OF COOKIES
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit.A string of information from these files assigns to you a unique identifier that we store on your computer. Your browser then provides that unique identifier to us each time you submit a query to the Site. We use cookies on the Site to, among other things, keep track of services you have used, record registration information, record your user preferences, keep you logged into the Site, facilitate purchase procedures, and track the pages you visit. Cookies help us to understand how the Site is being used and to improve your user experience.
TYPES OF COOKIES
The following types of cookies may be used when you visit the Site:
Advertising Cookies
Advertising cookies are placed on your computer by advertisers and ad servers in order to
display advertisements that are most likely to be of interest to you. These cookies allow
advertisers and ad servers to gather information about your visits to the Site and other
websites, alternate the ads sent to a specific computer, and track how often an ad has been
viewed, and by whom. These cookies are linked to a computer and do not gather any personal
information about you.
Analytics Cookies
Analytics cookies monitor how users reached the Site, and how they interact with and move
around once on the Site. These cookies let us know which features on the Site are working the
best and which features on the Site can be improved. We are currently using:
Universal Analytics (Google)
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our website. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the website. The cookies collect information in a way that does not directly identify anyone, including the number of visitors to the website and blog, where visitors have come to the website from and the pages they visited. Read Google’s overview of privacy and safeguarding data.
YouTube cookies
We may embed videos from our official YouTube channel using YouTube’s privacy-enhanced mode. This mode may set cookies on your computer once you click on the YouTube video player, but YouTube will not store personally-identifiable cookie information for playbacks of embedded videos using the privacy-enhanced mode. Read more at YouTube’s embedding videos information page.
Necessary Cookies
Our cookies are ‘first-party cookies’ and can be either permanent or temporary. These are
necessary cookies, without which the Site won’t work properly or be able to provide certain
features and functionalities. Some of these may be manually disabled in your browser, but may
then affect the functionality of the Site.
Personalisation Cookies
Personalisation cookies are used to recognise repeat visitors to the Site. We use these cookies
to record your browsing history, the pages you have visited, and your settings and preferences
each time you visit the Site.
Security Cookies
Security cookies help identify and prevent security risks. We use these cookies to authenticate
users and to protect user data from being accessed by unauthorised parties.
Site Management Cookies
Site management cookies are used to maintain your identity or session on the Site so that you
are not logged off unexpectedly, and any information you enter is retained from page to page.
These cookies cannot be turned off individually, but you can disable all cookies in your
browser.
Third-Party Cookies
Third-party cookies may be placed on your computer when you visit the Site by companies
that run certain services we offer. These cookies allow the third parties to gather and track
certain information about you. These cookies can be manually disabled in your browser.
CONTROL OF COOKIES
Most browsers are set to accept cookies by default. However, you can remove or reject
cookies in your browser’s settings. Please be aware that such action could affect the availability
and functionality of the Site. For more information on how to control cookies, check your
browser or device’s settings for how you can control or reject cookies, or visit the following
links:
Apple SafariGoogle ChromeMicrosoft EdgeMicrosoft Internet ExplorerMozilla Firefox
OperaAndroid (Chrome)BlackberryIphone or Ipad (Chrome)Iphone or Ipad (Safari)
OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
In addition to cookies, we may use pixel tags and other tracking technologies on the Site to
help customise the Site and improve your experience. A ‘pixel tag’ is a tiny object or image
embedded in a web page or email. They are used to track the number of users who have
visited particular pages and viewed emails, and to acquire other statistical data. They collect
only a limited set of data, such as a cookie number, time and date of page or email view, and a
description of the page or email on which they reside. Web beacons and pixel tags cannot be
declined. However, you can limit their use by controlling the cookies that interact with them.
You may opt out of some third-party cookies through the Network Advertising Initiative’s Opt-Out Tool.To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, visit: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
PRIVACY POLICY
For more information about how we use information collected by cookies and other tracking technologies, please refer to our Privacy Policy posted on the Site. This Cookie Policy is part of and is incorporated into our Privacy Policy. By using the Site, you agree to be bound by this Cookie Policy and by our Privacy Policy.
CONTACT US
Our Data Protection Officer is responsible for the administration of this policy and the DVS complies with the Principles in the EU General Data Protection Regulation. If you have questions or comments about this Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
The de Vere Society PO Box 1904 SOUTHAMPTON SO15 9LQ admin@deveresociety.co.uk
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we acknowledge you are happy with this.OkNoCookie Policy