http://www.openchannel.org.au/privacy-policy/
Open Channel is committed to maintaining your privacy
We value our users and recognise their right to keep personal information private. This statement discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this web site.
Collecting information on site visitors
Open Channel collects information on our site visitors collectively including which sections of the site are most frequently visited, how often and for how long. This data is always used as aggregated, non-personal information. Open Channel uses this information to improve and enhance our services by monitoring the areas on the site which are most popular to you. This aggregated information may be shared within Open Channel’s departments to provide an overview of how visitors use the site. This is done for the purposes of providing you with the best online career management services.
IP Addresses
Open Channel’s web servers gather your IP address to assist with the diagnosis of problems or support issues with our services. Again, information is gathered in aggregate only and cannot be traced to an individual user.
Cookies & Applets
Open Channel utilises cookies to provide you with a better user experience. These cookies and applets allow you to utilise specific services such as updating your information in the Crew Database. Users who do not wish to receive cookies can instruct their web browsers to refuse them. However, doing so will prevent access to some areas of the site and limit your use of some parts of our site.
Collecting information on Open Channel members
As part of joining Open Channel, we collect personal information about you in order for us to contact you to take full advantage of our offerings. We collect personal information directly from an individual who joins Open Channel.
Email communications from Open Channel
Open Channel also provides you with selected information about training and related opportunities in email newsletters. This free service is sent to subscribers to OpenLine and provides the option of opting out at the point of registration. Open Channel may also make you aware of additional products and services from time to time.
Storage & Security of Personal Information
Open Channel takes all reasonable steps to ensure the security of our system. Any information which we hold for you is stored on secure servers that are protected in controlled facilities. In addition, our employees and the contractors who provide services related to our information systems are obliged to respect the confidentiality of any personal information held by Open Channel. However, Open Channel will not be held responsible for events arising from unauthorised access of your personal information.
Access to Your Information
Should you require assistance with updating your information or removing your details from the site, this can be requested by forwarding an email to: info@openchannel.org.au.
Feedback
Open Channel welcomes ideas and feedback about all aspects of the site. Open Channel stores feedback that users send to us. This feedback will be used to administer and refine the service.
Privacy & Site Changes
From time to time, Open Channel may review and update its privacy statement. Revised versions will be updated on the website.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with Open Channel, you can contact us in the following ways:
Phone: +61 (0)3 8327 2016
Fax: +61 (0)3 8672 3335
Email: info@openchannel.org.au
Search
Now Open & Coming Soon
COURSEDATES
See our short courses page for more information about upcoming short courses.
EVENTSDATES
See our events page for more information about upcoming events
Powered by WishList Member - Membership Software