http://www.bandshoppe.com/privacy.html
MY ACCOUNT
CONTACT US
(800) 457-3501
sales@bandshoppe.com
MenuPrivacy Policy | Marching Band Uniforms, Marching Band Shoes, Color Guard Uniforms, Color Guard Flags | Band ShoppePRIVACY POLICYAT BAND SHOPPE, WE TAKE YOUR PRIVACY SERIOUSLY. PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TO LEARN MORE.UPDATED: 07/27/2018 – This is our "Privacy Policy" which governs our use of information you provide in connection with the Pearison websites which include the Pearison, Inc. website and the Band Shoppe, Superior Cheer and Superior Team websites. Pearison also does business under the names "Band Shoppe," "Superior Cheer" and "Superior Team."The purpose of the Privacy Policy is to disclose to you what information we may collect, how we may collect it, with whom we may share it, and certain other matters related to such information, including the rights you may have with respect to your information, the choices you have regarding our collection of information and use of information we may have collected from you. The terms "you" and "your" refer to all individuals or entities accessing this website. The terms "we," "us," "our," "Pearison" or "the Company" refer to Pearison, Inc. and its affiliates.By using one of our websites, you consent to the collection, use and transfer of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use our websites.The websites are operated by Pearison. We have contracted with third parties, and may contract with additional third parties in the future, to operate certain aspects of our websites on our behalf or to provide other services to us including marketing services and data analysis. Changes to the Privacy PolicyBy using one of our websites, you signify your agreement to the terms of this Privacy Policy. This is our current policy, but we reserve the right to change our websites and this policy at any time. You should check this Privacy Policy periodically. If we make a material change to the way in which we collect, use and/or share your personal information, we will post a notice on our websites and may send an email to users who have provided an email address. We will assume that you have given your permission for your information to be used under the terms of the Privacy Policy, as modified, if you continue to use any of our websites 30 days after a notice is posted. Please note that you should always update your personal information to provide us with a current email address. Privacy Statement We respect the privacy of your information. We provide this explanation about our information practices as a show of our commitment to protect your privacy. This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit any of our websites (Pearison.com, BandShoppe.com, SuperiorCheer.com and Superior.Team)or when you visit us at a tradeshow or other event, and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information.This policy applies to information we collect:on any of our websites;in email, text and other electronic messages between you and the Company or one of our websites, including on forms you fill out online;if you access any of our websites through mobile devices;when you interact with our advertising and applications on social media or third-party applications, websites and services, if those applications or advertising including links to this policy or of information from social media or third parties;when you visit a location where we have set up a booth or have a physical presence and are collecting information provided to us; andwhen you contact us by email or by telephone in connection with inquiries of any sort.It does not apply to information collected by any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on any of our websites.Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our websites or provide any information to us. By accessing or using one of our websites, you agree to this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of any of our websites after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates. The Information We May Collect and How We Collect ItWe collect several types of information from and about users of our websites, including information:by which you may be personally identified, such as name, organization affiliation, postal address, email address, telephone number, clothing size (when applicable with respect to a purchase), as well as credit card information and billing and shipping addresses in connection with a purchase, and any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline ("personal information");that is about you but does not identify you individually, such as searches you perform, clicks on categories or businesses on our websites, product detail clicks, add to cart clicks, order clicks and login and logoff information; and/orabout your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our websites, and usage details.We collect this information:directly from you when you provide it to us;from an organization with which you are affiliated when the organization provides ordering or customization information;automatically as you navigate through the site which may include usage details, IP addresses and information collected through cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies; and/orfrom third parties, for example, our business partners to the extent orders are made in connection with third party services or products.We may aggregate this information with information collected by us through all of our websites or through other websites or other means.Information You Provide to Us. The information we collect may include:Information that you, or an organization with which you are affiliated, provide by filling in forms on one of our websites or at a trade show or other event. This includes information provided in order to receive newsletters or other notifications or at the time of ordering and purchasing products. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our websites.Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.Details of transactions you carry out with us and of the fulfillment of any orders.Your search queries on our websites.Information We Receive or Collect When You Access Our Websites on Mobile Devices. If you access our websites on your mobile telephone or other mobile device, including iPads and tablets, we collect your mobile device identifier and IP Address. We may create and assign to your device an identifier that is similar to an account number. We may collect the name you have associated with your device, device type, telephone number, country and any other information you choose to provide, such as user name, character name, geo-location or email address. As you may access our websites with more than one device, we can track data from all devices that you use and aggregate it in your customer profile and elsewhere in our system.Email Communications. When you open email from us, we may receive a confirmation notifying us that you opened the email. We also may keep track of what emails we send you. Additionally, we keep a record of what communications you have selected to receive or not to receive. If we send emails other than in direct response to emails you send us and you would like to opt-out of receiving such emails, please click on the "unsubscribe" link in the email and follow the instructions.Social Network Site (SNS) Notifications/Text Message. If used, we may receive and store the information you provide, including your mobile telephone number, when you opt in to have SNS notifications/text messages sent directly to your mobile phone. If available, these messages notify you of events or other matters. You can adjust the types of notifications you receive and when you receive them by editing your SNS notification settings. If we use these and you no longer wish to receive SNS text messages from us, please log in to your account and change your settings or click on the "opt out" link contained in an SNS message received by you. Information about You Received from an SNS. When you access any of our websites through an SNS, such as Facebook, you allow us to access and import certain information from your profile for that SNS which may affect the privacy settings you establish on the SNS. You can find out more about the settings on the SNS. For example, we may access and store some or all of the following information depending on your settings and the SNS:your first and last name;your profile picture or its URL;your user ID number, which is linked to publicly available information such as name and profile photo;the login email you provided to the SNS when you registered;your physical location and that of your access device;your gender;your birthday; andwhere and when you stream or upload a video or other content to a third-party service such as Facebook or YouTube.By entering any of our websites through an SNS, you are authorizing us to collect, store and use any information that the SNS provides to us through the SNS interface with Pearison. You agree to this when you "accept" or "allow" (or similar term) one of our applications on the SNS. Information Posted by Visitors. We may make available through our websites services such as message boards to which you are able to post information, photos, images and other materials. Please note that any information, photos, images or materials you disclose through such services, through social media or otherwise on our websites becomes public information, and may be available to visitors to the websites all over the world and to the general public. In addition, when you choose to make a posting on such services, certain personal data will be available for other users to view. We urge you to exercise discretion and caution when deciding to disclose personal data, or any other information, on our websites. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE OF ANY PERSONAL DATA YOU VOLUNTARILY DISCLOSE THROUGH OUR WEBSITES.Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies. As you navigate through and interact with our websites, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment and browsing actions and patterns, including: details of your visits to our websites, traffic data, location data, logs and other communication data, and the resources that you access and use on the websites; and information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system and browser type.We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time (behavioral tracking), however we do not track your activities across third-party websites, other than third party websites related to products or services which are provided through our websites or the websites of our affiliates. As we do not track activity across third party websites (except if branded as, or part of providing products or services through, one of our websites), "do not track" settings are generally not applicable; we do track actions on our websites.The information we collect automatically is statistical data and may include personal information. In addition, we may maintain statistical data, or associate such data, with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our websites and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:estimate our audience size and usage patterns;store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our website according to your individual needs;speed up your searches; andrecognize you when you return to our websites.We may collect information from you in several different areas on our websites, including but not limited to those described below.Transaction Information. If you conduct a financial or other transaction on one of our websites, such as purchase products offered on the website, we will ask you to complete an order form that will request certain information from you, including contact information, financial information, organization affiliation and, if applicable, size information. We may also request demographic information. In some instances, we may direct you to a third party vendor site to collect this information from you directly. Even though the collection form may have the look and feel of our website, please be aware you will be giving your information directly to the third party vendor, and that in some instances such third party vendor’s privacy policy will govern the collection of your personal information. Please reference the privacy policies available from these pages for any privacy related concerns. We and/or our vendors will use this information to complete the financial or other transaction that you have requested, i.e. to deliver the information or products that you request or purchase and to collect funds or invoice you.Registration. You may be asked to complete a registration form and provide personally identifiable information; you may also be asked to choose a user ID and password in order to receive a newsletter or other communication or notices, to join a group or to take advantage of certain features the website may choose to offer, such as contests. Your decision to register is voluntary and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information to us and what communications you would like to receive. However, please be advised that there may be offerings on our websites which require registration and if you elect not to provide such information, you will not be able to take advantage of those offerings.Contests or Sweepstakes. We may periodically offer contests and sweepstakes through our websites that will require registration or the submission of personal information. Your personally identifiable information would be used to contact you for winner notification, prize delivery confirmation or other related purposes (see the rules of the specific contest for details).Surveys or Voting. From time-to-time, we may request personally identifiable information from you in conjunction with a survey or voting poll. Participation is voluntary, and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information.Browser Cookies. As with many websites, our websites use a technology called "cookies." A cookie is a collection of information that gets stored on the hard drive of your computer when browsing the Internet. These small bits of code automatically identify your browser to the website whenever your computer is used to visit the website. Cookies also let us know how many people visit the website and where visitors go on the website, as well as non-personally identifiable information, like how many times or how long a user has been on certain pages. For registered users, cookies can make using a website easier for you by saving information such as your passwords or preferences. By tracking how and when you use the website, cookies help us determine which areas are popular and which are not. Improvements and updates to our websites may be based on data obtained from cookies. Accepting cookies allows you, among other things, to personalize your experience on the website. Cookies may also allow the website to present to you advertising which may be of interest to you. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, your browser should contain an option that allows you to disable or delete cookie data at any time. Note that even if you disable or delete cookies related to our websites, we may still be able to recognize users by cross-referencing other data we collected. Some areas of our websites, however, may not provide you with a personalized experience if you have disabled the use of cookies.Flash Cookies/Local Shared Objects (LSOs). We may use local shared objects, also known as Flash cookies, to store your preferences such as volume control or display content based upon what you view on our site to personalize your visit. Third parties, with whom we may partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity, use Flash cookies to collect and store information. Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount and type of data stored and of how the data is stored. Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies. To learn more about and how to manage settings for Flash cookies, you can visit adobe.com. Disabling cookies may affect features or functionality of the website.Web Beacons and Other Tracking Technology. Our websites may use a variety of technical methods for tracking purposes, including Web Beacons. Web Beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of websites. We also may use these technical methods to analyze the traffic patterns on our websites, such as the frequency with which users visit various parts of the website. These technical methods may involve the transmission of information either directly to us or to another party authorized by us to collect information on our behalf. We also may use these technical methods in HTML emails that we send to determine whether the recipients have opened those emails and/or clicked on links in those emails. The information from use of these technical methods may be collected in a form that is personally identifiable.Some web browsers (including Safari, Internet Explorer, Firefox and Chrome) incorporate a "do not track" ("DNT") or similar feature that signals to digital services that a visitor does not want to have online activity tracked. If a digital service that responds to a particular DNT signal receives the DNT signal, the browser can block that digital service from collecting certain personal information about the browser’s user. Not all browsers offer a DNT option and DNT signals are not yet uniform. For this reason, we and many other digital service operators may not respond to DNT signals. For more information about DNT signals, visit http://allaboutdnt.com.IP Addresses and Click-Stream Data. We may collect IP addresses and/or click-stream data. An IP address is a number associated with the service through which you access the Internet, like your ISP (Internet service provider), your company or your employer. Standing alone, your IP address is not generally personally identifiable. At times, we also use IP addresses for purposes of system administration and to report aggregate information to our affiliates or partners, for example regarding the frequency with which guests visit various parts of our websites. We may combine this information with personally identifiable information we obtain from you directly on our websites, or from third parties.Click-stream data is information collected by our computers when you request pages from a website. Click-stream data may include such information as the page served, the time, the source of the request, the type of browser making the request, the preceding page view and other such non-personal information. When analyzed, this data helps us analyze how visitors arrive at the website, what type of content is most popular, and what type of visitors in the aggregate are interested in particular kinds of content and advertising. Third-Party Websites; Use of Cookies and Other Tracking TechnologiesOur websites may contain links to third-party websites. These linked websites are not under our control, and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the contents of any such linked website or any link contained in any linked website. We provide such links only as a convenience, and the inclusion of a link on the website does not imply endorsement of the linked website by Pearison. If you provide any personal data through any such third-party website, your transaction will occur on the third party’s website (not our website) and the personal data you provide will be collected by and controlled by the privacy policy of that third party. We recommend that you familiarize yourself with the privacy policies and practices of any third parties. PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS PRIVACY POLICY DOES NOT ADDRESS THE PRIVACY OR INFORMATION PRACTICES OF ANY THIRD PARTIES.Some content or applications, including advertisements, on our websites are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our websites. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly. For information about how you can opt out of receiving targeted advertising from many providers, see Your Rights and How You Can Access, Change or Delete, or Manage the Processing of, Your Personal Information. The Way We Use Information CollectedThis Privacy Statement governs use of the information that you provide to us through our websites as well as from other means or sources, such as booths at tradeshows.We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:To present our websites and their content to you.To provide you with information that may be targeted to your interests.To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.To fulfill any orders you make and to provide you with notices about any order.To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any agreements entered into between you and us.To notify you about changes to our websites or any items that we may offer through them.To allow you to participate in interactive features on our websites, if any.To inform you of a prize you may have won, if we offer any.To link to online identifiers or IP addresses assigned to you and to other demographics or interest-based data in order to target you with relevant advertising.To deliver, customize and target the advertising and content you see.To send promotional material or special offers on behalf of ourselves, our marketing partners and/or their respective affiliates and subsidiaries and other third parties.To improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically analyze site usage, to improve our content and product offerings, and to customize our content, layout and services.To request additional information from you for various purposes.To contact you about our websites, technical support, your account or other inquiries.To prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities and monitor and enforce our websites' Terms and Conditions.In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.For any other purpose with your consent.We may also use your information if provided to us to contact you about our own and third-parties goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, you can opt out of receiving this information by so indicating in your registration/preferences file or by notifying us at privacy@Pearison.com.We may also use or disclose information to resolve disputes, investigate problems or enforce our Terms and Conditions. At times, we may review status or activity of multiple users to do so. We may disclose or access information whenever we believe in good faith that the law so requires or if we otherwise consider it necessary to do so to maintain service and improve our services. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to manage our websites and to enhance our websites based on the usage pattern we receive.In some cases relating to our collection and processing of your personal information, we ask for your consent so that we may process your personal information. However, in other circumstances applicable data protection laws or regulations allow us to process your personal information without needing to obtain your consent.Cases in which separate consent is not required include:For the performance of a contract, such as fulfilling orders you have made.Legitimate interests of the Company, including performing contractual obligations to you and requirements of applicable law, except where such interests are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms as a data subject which require protection of personal information.To communicate with you regarding our websites and services including to provide you with notices regarding changes and to respond to your requests, questions or complaints.For our direct marketing purposes.For third party marketing purposes related to the services we provide.To send you surveys in connection with our business.To assist in the investigation of any suspected illegal or wrongful activity and to protect and defend our rights or the rights and safety of third parties.To develop, provide or improve our websites and services.To enforce our Terms and Conditions, this Privacy Policy or agreements with third parties.To comply with legal obligations.To protect the vital interests of you and another personIn circumstances for which we are not relying on our legitimate interests or another basis for processing personal information, under applicable law, we may ask for your consent to process your personal information. Some of the areas on which consent may be required when we are not relying on our legitimate interest are marketing and use of cookies. How We May Share Your InformationOur disclosure of your personal information is limited to circumstances in which we are permitted to do so under applicable law. We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.At times, as described below, your personal information may be shared with others for various purposes:Affiliates. We may share information with our affiliates and other related parties for cross-marketing and other purposes.Agents. We employ other businesses and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples may include preparing and sending email relating to our business, providing marketing assistance, fulfilling orders, website analysis, analyzing data, processing credit card payments, providing customer service and storing data or information on third party servers. These businesses or individuals may have access to personally identifiable information needed to perform their functions. Their use will be subject to their privacy policies and our agreements with them.Interest Based Advertising and IP Targeting. We may work with data providers to serve advertising to you through display media or other methods. These providers may use personal information that we have collected or that you have provided to locate you online, such as when you visit or log into websites or mobile applications. This information may be linked to online identifiers or IP addresses assigned to you, and to demographic or interest-based data, in order to target you with relevant advertising, including about our products. To learn more about or opt out of this and other interest-based advertising, please visit the industry opt-out pages operated by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), at http://www.aboutads.info and by the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) at http://networkadvertising.org.The opt-outs for interest-based advertising require that strictly necessary cookies are not blocked by the settings in your web browser. We support the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising of the Digital Advertising Alliance in the U.S., the Canadian Digital Advertising Alliance in Canada, and the European Digital Advertising Alliance in the EU. If you live in the United States, Canada or the European Union, you can visit Ad Choices (US), Your Ad Choices (Canada) or Your Online Choices (EU) to find a convenient place to opt-out of interest-based advertising with participating entities for each region. These websites also provide detailed information about how interest-based advertising works. Opting out does not mean that you will no longer receive advertising from us, or when you use the internet. It just means that the data collected from our websites will not be used for interest-based advertising and that the advertising you see displayed on websites will not be customized to your interests.Aggregate Information. We may share aggregate information, such as demographics and website usage statistics, with advertisers, sponsors or other organizations. When this type of information is shared, the other parties do not have access to your personally identifiable information.Opt-in to Receive Third Party Offers. At some point, you may be presented with opportunities to receive information and/or marketing offers sent from third party(ies) through our websites. Opt-in opportunities will ask you if you would like your personally identifiable information to be shared with such third party(ies) as necessary to receive such information or marketing offers. If you do not elect to "opt-in" to having your personally identifiable information shared, your personally identifiable information will not be shared with such third party(ies) (information will still be shared with our agents and persons providing services to us as described above). If you do choose to have your personally identifiable information shared, your personally identifiable information will be transferred to such third party(ies) solely for the purpose of permitting such third party(ies) to provide you with such information and marketing offers. Please be advised that if you elect to provide your personally identifiable information in response to such third party(ies) marketing offers or otherwise, all information you disclose to such third party(ies) will be subject to the privacy policy and practices of such third party(ies). We are not responsible for the privacy practices and policies of such third party(ies) and, therefore, you should review the privacy practices and policies of such third party(ies) prior to providing your personally identifiable information to such third party(ies).Products or Services Offered in Partnership with Third-Party(ies). Certain products available on the website may be provided to you in partnership with third party(ies) and may require you to disclose personally identifiable information in order to register for and access such products. Such products will identify the third party partners at the point of registration. If you elect to register for such products your personally identifiable information will be transferred to such third party(ies) and will be subject to the privacy policy and practices of such third party(ies). We are not responsible for the privacy practices and policies of such third party(ies) and, therefore, you should review the privacy practices and policies of such third party(ies) prior to providing your personally identifiable information in connection with such products.Third-Party Ad Serving and Audience and Traffic Measurement Services. We may use a third-party network advertiser to serve the advertisements on our websites or may use a traffic measurement service to analyze the traffic on our websites. Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits to this website and other websites you have visited. Third-party ad serving enables us to target advertisements to you for products or websites in which you might have an interest. Audience and traffic measurement services allow us to collect anonymous traffic and behavior information from the website by monitoring anonymous visitor activity. Such advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may themselves set and access their cookies on your computer if you choose to have your cookies enabled in your browser. Cookies allow third-party advertisers to show you advertisements or content. Note that any images (or any other parts of a web page) served by third parties in association with third-party cookies may serve as Web Beacons, which enable third parties to carry out the previously described activities. Other companies’ uses of their cookies are subject to their own privacy policies, not this one.Business Transfers. In the event that some or all of our assets or business are sold or transferred to another party, or another transaction occurs in which your personally identifiable information is one of the assets sold or transferred, all personally identifiable information that has been collected and saved, to the extent allowed to be transferred by law, may be one of the assets we transfer. There will be a notice provided on our website or otherwise if such a transfer occurs. Your personally identifiable information may also be reviewed in connection with negotiations for a possible merger or consolidation or sale or transfer of assets by us. Your Rights and How You Can Access, Change or Delete, or Manage the Processing of, Your Personal InformationWe strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:Withdrawing Your Consent. Where consent is the basis of processing your information, you may at any time withdraw the consent you provide for the processing by contacting us at privacy@Pearison.com, provided that we are not required by applicable law or professional standards to retain such information. If you want to stop receiving future newsletters or marketing messages and materials, you can do so by clicking the "unsubscribe" link included in our email marketing messages or by contacting us at privacy@Pearison.com.Data Subject Rights. You have the right in certain circumstances to request confirmation from us as to whether or not we are processing your personal information. Where we are processing your personal information, you also have the right to request access to, modification of, or deletion of such personal information. You also have the right in certain circumstances to receive the personal information concerning you that you provided to us, to restrict processing of your personal information, or to transmit such data to another controller. To exercise your rights with respect to your personal information, please contact us at privacy@Pearison.com. As permitted by law, certain data elements may not be subject to access, modification, portability, restriction and/or deletion. Furthermore, where permissible, we may charge for this service. We will respond to reasonable requests as soon as practicable and as required by law.Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.Promotional Offers from the Company. If you do not wish to have your email address/contact information used by the Company to promote our own or third party products or services, you can opt out by so indicating in your registration/preferences file or by notifying us at privacy@Pearison.com. This opt out does not apply to information provided to the Company as a result of a contest, promotion, product purchase or other transactions.Third Party Collaboration. We do not control third party collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative on its website. Persons Under the Age of 13Our websites are not intended for anyone under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on our websites or on or through any of their features/register on the website, make any purchases through the website, use any of the interactive or other features of our websites or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a person under 13, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a person under 13, please contact us at privacy@Pearison.com. Data Security and Transfer of DataWe have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure.The safety and security of your information also depends on you. If we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the website.WE TAKE SECURITY PRECAUTIONS IN AN EFFORT TO PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION AGAINST SECURITY BREACHES. HOWEVER, THIS IS NOT A GUARANTEE THAT SUCH INFORMATION MAY NOT BE ACCESSED, DISCLOSED, ALTERED OR DESTROYED BY A BREACH OF SECURITY MEASURES RELATING TO OUR WEBSITES OR FACILITIES. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO ASSUME THESE RISKS.We may transfer the information described in this Privacy Policy to, and process and store it in, the United States where privacy laws may be less stringent than the laws of the region in which you reside or where law enforcement may be able to access your information. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, processing and storing of your information in the United States. Data RetentionWe back up all information on our system, including your personal information to separate storage, currently on a daily basis. Information contained in our backup storage is stored for six years and then destroyed. We will retain your information on the current system for as long as we believe your account may be active or as otherwise necessary to provide you services. We also will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements. Chatrooms, Forums and Message BoardsOur websites may make forums or message boards available to you and other users from time to time. You are not required to provide any personal information when using these areas, but you may choose to do so. If you post personal information online, it will be publicly available and you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties. In addition, when you post a comment using a mobile device, the user name with which you registered for the website and your current location may be made publicly available on the website.By using the commenting features of any of our websites, if available, you acknowledge that your user name and location information may be disclosed. We cannot ensure the security of any information you choose to make public in a chatroom, forum or message board. Also, we cannot ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy. Please exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in these areas. To request removal of your personal information from any forum on our website, please contact us by email by clicking on the "Contact Us" link of our websites. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information from these venues, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why. Third Party PracticesThe privacy policy of an advertiser or promotional service appearing at our site may differ from ours. We encourage you to read that policy before responding to any offer. Legal NoticesAll material on our websites, including, without limitation, all informational text, the design and all "look and feel" layout, photographs, graphics, audio, video, messages, messaging design and functions, files, documents, images or other materials (collectively, the "materials"), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, as well as all derivative works, are owned by Pearison, Inc., its affiliates or other third parties that have licensed to or otherwise permitted their material to be used by us, and are protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws. You agree not to display or use such marks without our prior written permission. We disclaim any proprietary interest in trademarks, service marks, logos, slogans, domain names and trade names other than our own.The materials on our websites may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed in any way, including by email or other electronic means. Any modification of the materials, use of the materials on any website or networked computer environment, or use of the materials for any purpose other than as allowed by us is a violation of the copyright, trademark and other proprietary rights in the materials and is expressly prohibited.Correcting Your InformationIf your personally identifiable information changes (such as your email address or zip code), or if you no longer desire to have access to our websites, we will provide a way to correct, update or remove the personal data you have provided to us. You may accomplish this by modifying your personal account information on the website on which you have registered, if available, or request that we do so by clicking on the "Contact Us" link of the website, or by mailing us at: Pearison, Inc., 8900 Highway 65, Suite 1, Cynthiana, Indiana 47612, Attn: Privacy.California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our websites that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@Pearison.com or write us at:Pearison, Inc. 8900 Highway 65, Suite 1 Cynthiana, Indiana 47612 Attn: Privacy Right to Lodge a Complaint with a Supervisory AuthorityYou may have a right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. Contact InformationTo ask questions or comment about this Privacy Policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:Pearison, Inc. 8900 Highway 65, Suite 1Cynthiana, Indiana 47612 Attn: Privacy