http://www.actingbiz.com/terms/
Home  /
Actingbiz.com - Terms of Service Agreement
Terms of Service Agreement
Actingbiz.com provides its services to you subject to the following notices, terms, and conditions. In addition,
by using or accessing any Actingbiz.com service you will be subject to the rules, guidelines, policies, terms, and conditions
applicable to such service and you agree, without limitation or qualification, to be bound by this Terms of Service Agreement.
Copyright
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, and software, is the property
of Actingbiz.com or its content suppliers and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. The compilation (meaning the
collection, arrangement, and assembly) of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Actingbiz.com and protected by
U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of Actingbiz.com or its software suppliers
and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. Any other use, including the reproduction, modification, distribution,
transmission, republication, display, or performance, of the content on this site is strictly prohibited. Copyright © 2020
Actingbiz.com. All Rights Reserved.
Use of Site and Services
This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, or otherwise exploited for any
commercial purpose that is not expressly permitted by Actingbiz.com. Actingbiz.com and its affiliates reserve the right to refuse
service, terminate accounts, and/or cancel orders in its discretion, including, without limitation, if Actingbiz.com believes that
customer conduct violates applicable law or is harmful to the interests of Actingbiz.com and its affiliates.
Web Site Content
The articles, materials, and information provided here is meant for educational purposes only. We make no warrantee or guarantees that
the information provided will be suitable or useful for all viewers. Accomplishments and earnings discussed here are not the norm and
should not be taken to be typical. Starting an acting career is not an easy task. Your results are a function of your actions. The
individual authors, producers and content providers are not lawyers, tax accountants, or business advisors so your decisions about
these matters should be based upon getting advice from a professional in those fields. Any errors of fact, misspellings, typographical
errors, or other errata are strictly unintentional.
User Generated Content
We reserve the right to monitor content that is posted, and to modify or remove any messages or postings that we deem, in our
sole discretion, to be abusive; defamatory; in violation of the copyright, trademark right, or other intellectual property
right of any third party; or otherwise inappropriate. We also reserve the right to edit or modify any submissions. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, we are not obligated to take any such actions, and we will not be responsible or liable for content posted by any user.
The owners of Actingbiz.com reserve the right to remove, edit, move or close any thread for any reason. We reserve the
right to reveal your identity (or whatever information we know about you) in the event of a complaint or legal action
arising from any message posted by you.
In order to keep these experiences enjoyable and interesting for all of our users, we ask that you follow the rules
outlined below. By participating in our discussion forums, or by submitting comments to articles, reviews or multimedia
features, you are consenting to these rules.
1. You agree that you are fully responsible for the content that you post. You will not knowingly post content that
violates the copyright, trademark, patent or other intellectual property right of any third party and that you will
remove the same should you discover that you have violated this provision. Likewise, you may not post content that
is libelous, defamatory, obscene, abusive, that violates a third party's right to privacy, that otherwise violates
any applicable local, state, national or international law, or that is otherwise inappropriate.
Comments that include profanity or personal attacks or other inappropriate comments or material will be removed
from the site. Additionally, entries that are unsigned or contain "signatures" by someone other than the actual
author will be removed. Finally, we will take steps to block users who violate any of our posting standards,
terms of use or privacy policies or any other policies governing this site. You are fully responsible for the
content that you post.
You will indemnify Actingbiz.com, its employees, agents, affiliates, and parent companies from any and all
claims and/or damages (including but not limited to reasonable attorneys' fees) resulting from any claim
brought by any third party relating to content you have posted. You may not post content that degrades others
on the basis of gender, race, class, ethnicity, national origin, religion, sexual preference, disability or
other classification. Epithets and other language intended to intimidate or to incite violence will not be tolerated.
2. You understand and agree that Actingbiz.com is not responsible for any content posted by third parties.
You further understand that, on the un-moderated discussion forums, Actingbiz.com does not monitor the content
posted. Nevertheless, Actingbiz.com may monitor any user-generated content as it chooses and reserves the
right to remove, edit or otherwise alter content that it deems inappropriate for any reason whatever without
consent. We further reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to remove a user's privilege to post content
on our site.
3. You understand and agree that the discussion forums are to be used only for non-commercial purposes. You
may not solicit funds, promote commercial entities or otherwise engage in commercial activity in our discussion forums.
4. The discussion forums are for text only. Use of graphics and audio is not appropriate.
5. You acknowledge and agree that you use and/or rely on any information obtained through the discussion
forums at your own risk. Actingbiz.com is not in any manner endorsing the content of the discussion forums
and cannot and will not vouch for its reliability.
6. For any content that you post, you hereby grant to Actingbiz.com the royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual,
exclusive and fully sub-licensable license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative
works from, distribute, perform and display such content in whole or in part, world-wide and to incorporate it in
other works, in any form, media or technology now known or later developed.
Casting Calls and Audition Notices
Actingbiz.com provides casting information on an "as is" basis and makes no representations or warranties of any kind
regarding accuracy or reliability. Actingbiz.com does not verify or monitor any of the information provided. Actingbiz.com
disclaims all liability of any kind whatsoever arising from use of, or inability to use, posted messages and any
information contained within. Please use common sense in determining the legitimacy of any notice and always use
caution when auditioning. We highly suggest you research companies and individuals prior to your audition and also
suggest you bring a family member or friend with you to all auditions. Persons posting messages are solely responsible
for the content of their messages.
Use of brand names for the purposes of communicating casting opportunities does not imply endorsement by, or affiliation
with, the brands named. All brands named, unless explicitly stated, are not affiliated with Actingbiz.com.
Received Messages and Email
Any and all messages sent to or received by Actingbiz.com becomes the property of Actingbiz.com and may be copied, reproduced and/or
published without notice.
Children Under Age 13
Actingbiz.com does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13
or knowingly allow such persons to register. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register with
or for any Actingbiz.com service or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address,
telephone number, or email address. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to or on
Actingbiz.com. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under
age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us immediately.
Children Between the Ages of 13 and 18
We recommend that minors over the age of 13 ask their parents for permission before sending any information
about themselves to anyone over the Internet.
Hyperlinks
Actingbiz.com makes no representations whatsoever about other web sites which you may access through this one. When you
access a non-Actingbiz.com web site, please understand that it is independent from Actingbiz.com, and that Actingbiz.com
has no control over the content on that web site. In addition, a link to a non-Actingbiz.com web site does not mean that
Actingbiz.com endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content, use, or products and services made available through
such web site.
IN NO EVENT WILL Actingbiz.com BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR OTHER CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
FOR ANY USE OF THIS WEB SITE, OR ANY OTHER HYPERLINKED WEB SITE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF PROGRAMS OR OTHER DATA OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF WE ARE EXPRESSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Disclaimer
THIS SITE IS PROVIDED BY Actingbiz.com ON AN "AS IS" BASIS.
Actingbiz.com MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE SITE
OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THIS SITE. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE
LAW, Actingbiz.com DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Actingbiz.com WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING
FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
Applicable Law
This site is created and controlled by Actingbiz.com in the State of California, USA. As such, the laws of the State
of California will govern these disclaimers, terms, and conditions, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts
of laws. We reserve the right to make changes to our site and these disclaimers, terms, and conditions at any time.
ANY RIGHTS NOT EXPRESSLY GRANTED HEREIN ARE RESERVED.
Version 1/15/2016
Recommended Stories
Aim For the Stars
Audition Basics
Break into Showbiz
Auditioning Tips
Acting Tips & Advice
Performing in Front of the Lens - Tips for Actors and Models
How Do You Choose The Right Acting Classes?
Getting an Agent - Finding Talent Agents and Getting Noticed
Ten Interview Blunders Actors Make - and How to Correct Them
Acting Tips & Advice
Become a Movie Extra - It's Easy
How to Become an Actor
First Steps to Becoming an Actor
Step by Step Guide to Becoming an Actor
Sign Up to Become an Actor
How to Start an Acting Career
How to Get Started Acting
Getting Started in Film Acting
Break into Showbiz
Who's Who in the Acting Biz
About Casting Directors
About Talent Agents
About Managers
What are Casting Calls?
Casting Calls Yell Be Discovered!
The Casting Process Explained
Film and Stage Acting
Where to Learn Film Acting
How Do You Choose The Right Acting Classes?
Top US Undergraduate Acting Programs
Top US Graduate Acting Programs
How to Get Great Headshots
The Perfect Headshot
Headshot & Photo Examples
How to Write an Actor's Resume
Creating the Perfect Acting Resume
Actor Resume Examples
Actor Cover Letter Tips
Actor Cover Letter Examples
Tips for the Beginning Actor
How to get Discovered
Grab the Casting Directors' Attention
How to Get a Talent Agent
How to Find a Talent Agent
Conquer Your Audition Jitters
Coping with Audition Nerves
Audition Basics
Audition Procedures
Tips for a Successful Audition
Improve Every Audition
Auditions and What to Expect
Seven Steps for a Successful Acting Career
The Secret to Showbiz Success
A Simple Tip for Acting Success
More...
Home