http://www.theartscouncil.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Share
Privacy Policy
Arts Council of Fayetteville/Cumberland County Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for www.theartscouncil.com. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to, or collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We may share your mailing address with other cultural agencies. You may opt out of this by indicating “do not share” on your information.
Your Access to and Control over Information
You may opt out of any future contact from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website.
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. The Arts Council of Fayetteville/Cumberland County does not accept credit cards over the internet. All transactions are processed through PayPal. PayPal uses the latest anti-fraud technology to guard your transactions. Your financial information is never revealed to the Arts Council.
4. Limitations
In no event shall The Arts Council of Fayetteville / Cumberland County or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on The Arts Council of Fayetteville / Cumberland County’s Internet site, even if The Arts Council of Fayetteville / Cumberland County or a The Arts Council of Fayetteville / Cumberland County authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites.  We encourage users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys and Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving our service to the community. Contact information will be added to our mailing list. You may opt out of this by indicating “do not add to mailing list”. If you would like the Arts Council not to share your information with other cultural organizations you may indicate “do not share my information”.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page. If you feel we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 910-323-1776 or via email at admin@theartscouncil.com