http://www.perryellis.com/pages/cookie-policy
Skip to content
Close menu
Gift Guide
Gifts Under $100
Gifts Under $50
Gifts Under $25
Best Selling Gifts
Stocking Stuffers
Home For The Holidays
Holiday Party Looks
Doorbusters
New Arrivals
Motion Collection
Clothing
Features
Doorbusters
Loungewear
Best Sellers
Work From Home
Easy Care Tech Shop
The Untucked Shirt
Machine Washable Suits
Total Stretch
Resist Spill
Slim Fit Shop
Perry Ellis America
Tops
Dress Shirts
Casual Shirts
Polos
Tees
Sweaters
Outerwear
Bottoms
All Pants
Dress Pants
Casual Pants
Denim
Shorts
Swim
Suits
2-Piece Suits
Suit Separates
Suit Jackets
Sport Jackets
Suit Vests
Suit Pants
Big & Tall
Casual Shirts
Polos & Knits
Pants
Suits
Sweaters
Outerwear
Occasion Shop
Fall Ready
Fall Wedding
Work From Home
Comfort at Home
Date Night Ready
Video Conference Ready
Virtual Happy Hour
Suits
2-Piece Suits
Suit Separates
Suit Jackets
Sport Jackets
Suit Vests
Suit Pants
Shoes
Casual Shoes
Dress Shoes
Sneakers
Boots
Accessories
Accessories
Masks
Belts
Wallets
Ties & Pocket Squares
Watches
Premium Watches
Socks
Sunglasses
Travel Kits
Cuff Links and Tie Bars
Cold Weather Accessories
Hats
Suspenders
Fragrances
Men's Fragrance
Women's Fragrance
Gift Sets
Underwear
Masks
Sale
All Sale
Doorbusters
2 For $50 Dress Pants
Final Sale
Log in
Register
Wishlist
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Instagram
YouTube
Cart
Close cart
Free Shipping for All U.S. Orders $50+!
Log in
Register
Wishlist
Search
Search
10% Off $50+ & 15% Off $100+
Shop E-Gift Cards ›
Shop Early
Deliveries may take a bit longer ›
Free Shipping on U.S. Orders $50+
Shop Now ›
Home
/
Cookie Policy
This is the Cookies Policy ("policy") for the website hosted at www.perryellis.com ("site"). The site is ultimately operated by or on behalf of a wholly owned subsidiary and division of Perry Ellis International, Inc. ("we", "our" or "us"). We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy, together with the Privacy Policy, the California Supply Chains Act, the Accessibility Statement, and General Terms and Conditions sets out our use of cookies and other similar technologies on our site. It should be read in conjunction with our Privacy Policy available at perryellis.com/pages/privacy-policy.
"Cookies" are small data files or small bits of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive when you visit our website so that we can recognise you. Cookies do not alter your hard drive in any way and cannot be used to access any information from your computer.
Our site uses cookies and/or other similar technologies such as device-IDs, pixel tags, or web beacons to collect and store certain information. These typically involve pieces of information or code that a website transfers to or accesses from your computer hard drive or mobile device to store and sometimes track information about you. Cookies and similar technologies enable you to be remembered when using that computer or device to interact with websites and online services and can be used to manage a range of features and content as well as storing searches and presenting personalised content.
Our site uses cookies and similar technologies to distinguish you from other users of our site. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our site and also allows us to improve our site. They also enable us to personalise your shopping experience by helping us keep track of your order as you shop on our site, maintain information about your use of our site, and help us recognize you when you visit our site again. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies and similar technologies, but if you prefer, you can change your browser settings to prevent that and your help screen or manual will tell you how to do this. The 'Help' feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie or how to disable cookies altogether. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of our website if you do so.
A number of cookies and similar technologies we use last only for the duration of your web or app session and expire when you close your browser. Others are used to remember you when you return to the site and will last for longer.
We use these cookies and other technologies on the basis that they are necessary for the performance of a contract with you, or because using them is in our legitimate interests (where we have considered that these are not overridden by your rights), and, in some cases, where required by law, where you have consented to their use.
We use cookies and/or other similar technologies, such as tracking GIFs, web beacons pixel codes and in-app IDs, either alone or in combination with each other, to create a unique device ID.
We may use the following types of cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website and under our terms with you. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services.
Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us for our legitimate interests of improving the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us, subject to your choices and preferences, to personalise our content, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting/Advertising cookies. These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information subject to your choices and preferences to make our website/App and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
We may also work with advertising networks that gather information about the content on our website you visit and on information on other websites and services you visit. This may result in you seeing our advertisements when you visit other websites and services of third parties. For more information about how to turn this feature off visit www.youronlinechoices.com or, for US users, contact the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) by visiting https://optout.networkadvertising.org/#!/.
Where you have not set your permissions, we may also separately prompt you regarding our use of cookies on the Site.
Except for essential cookies, all cookies used on our site will expire after a maximum of two years.
Do Not Track
Do Not Track (DNT) is a privacy preference that users can set in some web browsers, allowing users to opt out of tracking by websites and online services. We work with other companies who use tracking technologies to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet. These companies may not recognize or respond to browser DNT signals. For more information about third party cookies, including information about how to opt-out of these technologies, visit www.youronlinechoices.com, www.aboutads.info/choices (US) or youradchoices.ca/choices (Canada). We do not operate or control these sites, and are not responsible for the opt-out choices available there.
"Close (esc)"