https://www.puffinfoundation.org/privacy-and-security/
Privacy and Security
March 2011
I. Overview
Your privacy is important to you and to us. We recognize that we must earn and keep your trust. This Privacy Policy outlines the types of personal information we gather when you use the Puffin Foundation, Ltd.’s (PF) website, as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard it.
Data Collection: Performing a PF search and browsing the public sections of the site does not require any personally identifying information.
Account information. We ask for and store information about you when you create an account on the Site, such as your name, email address, and signup location.  We may use your email address to send you updates, provide services to you in connection with the Site, and to contact you on behalf of other users who may ask us to send information about their projects which received PF funding.
Public content. You can contribute to the Site in a number of different ways including our forum and for grantees to provide information about their projects. Note that if you include personally identifiable information in your Public Content, it can be used and viewed by others. We are not responsible for the information you choose to include in your Public Content.
Cookies. We may send cookies to your computer in order to uniquely identify your browser and improve the quality of our service.
II. Transfer of Information
Public Content. If you post content for public view on the Site, we may distribute such Public Content to a wider audience by sharing it (or portions of it) with third parties so that they can publish it on their own websites and media platforms. We may ask them to credit you as the source of these contributions by including your account name and profile photo.
Information Sharing
We do not rent or sell your personally identifying information to other companies or individuals.
At this time we do not take Third party Advertising.
Investigations. We reserve the right to investigate abuses on the Site, and enforce and apply our Terms of Service and Statement. We may disclose information about you to third parties if we have a good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) take action regarding suspected illegal activities; (b) enforce or apply our Terms of Service and Statement; (c) comply with legal process and law enforcement instructions and orders, such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, judicial proceeding, or other legal process served on us; or (d) protect our rights, reputation, and property, or that of our users, affiliates, or the public.
III. Managing Your Information
We provide a number of tools to manage the use of your information on the Site.
IV. Links
The Site may contain links to third party websites with which we have no affiliation. Except as set forth herein, we do not share your personal information with those third parties, and are not responsible for their privacy practices. We suggest you read the privacy policies on all such third party websites.
V. Our Policy Towards Children
The Site is intended for general audiences and is not directed to children under 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us at .  If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information without parental consent, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account.
VI. Security
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
VII. Dispute Resolution
If you believe that PF has not adhered to this Statement you may write to us at the following address:
E-mail:
VIII. Modifications to this Statement
We may revise this Statement from time to time. The most current version of the Statement will govern our use of your information and will always be located here. By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Statement.
Puffin Foundation, Ltd.
Share this page