https://www.klc.co.uk/privacy/
By using this site you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads.
Learn more
Menu
Student Portal
Student Login »
About KLC
The School
Staff
Mission and Strategy
Diversity Plan
Governance
Design Changes Lives Foundation
KLC Studios
Find us
Contact us
Working at KLC
Courses
Certificate Residential Interior Design
Diploma HE Applied Interior Design
BA (Hons) Interior Design
Short and Taster Courses
Online Courses
Diploma or Certificate Garden Design
Studying at KLC
Why KLC?
Validations
Applying
Fees and Funding
Student Welfare
Careers and Employability
Accommodation
International
Student Policies and Regulations
Students and Alumni
Alumni Profiles
Alumni Websites
Student Profiles
Students Gallery
Events
Summer Exhibition and Awards
Open Days and Events
KLC Connect
News
KLC News
KLC Alumni Award Winners
Inspiring Young Designers
KLC In The Media
Interior Design Blog
Garden Design Blog
Privacy
Our Privacy and Cookies policy was updated on 11 May 2018.
References to this privacy policy to "KLC", "we", "our" and "us", etc are references to us, KLC School of Design
KLC is committed to protecting the privacy and security of your personal information.This privacy policy sets out how KLC School of Design uses and protects any information that you give us when you use our website (https://www.klc.co.uk) or that you provide by telephone, through e-mail or in person.KLC endeavours to comply fully with the Data Protection Act 1998 in its handling of personal data and already complies with the General Data Protection Regulation, which comes into effect from May 2018. We aim to keep your data safely and securely and to use it only for the purposes stated in this policy.We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
Data protection principles
We will comply with data protection law, which says that the personal information we hold about you must be:
Used lawfully, fairly and in a transparent way
Collected only for valid purposes that we have clearly explained to you and not used in any way that is incompatible with those purposes
Relevant to the purpose we have told you about and limited only to those purposes
Accurate and kept up to date
Kept only as long as necessary for the purposes we have told you about
Kept securely
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Name and job title
Contact information including email address
Information relevant to your enquiry (to best advise you on appropriate training) and / or your course application such as employment history, academic achievements and computer literacy
For students formally applying or enrolling on courses, this may include more sensitive information relating to your health and medical history
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
Other information relevant to student surveys (for ourselves and organisations such as the Higher Education Statistical Agency) and / or offers; this may include requests for information about race, religion and sexual orientation
Academic records and tutor feedback for students enrolled on our courses
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping – where you give us personal data in order for us to provide you with a service, your data will be used for the purposes of dealing with your enquiry and / or application and sending you relevant information about the School. In some cases we may hold data for use in connection with future contacts you may make with the School. For example, data obtained during the recruitment process may be linked with data subsequently collected if you enrol as a student.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically like to notify you by post, email, phone or SMS text messages about new products, special offers or other information (including related to third parties) which we think you may find interesting using the contact information which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone or post. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Data security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. KLC has an in-house IT Team who manage systems that are fully PCI DSS compliant with regular security audits and appropriate up to date firewalls in place.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a piece of text that gets entered into the memory of your browser by a website, allowing the website to store information on your machine and later retrieve it. This website uses cookies so that we can improve your browsing experience.
Most internet browsers allow the use of cookies to be enabled or disabled. To find out more about cookies and how to disable them, please refer to www.allaboutcookies.org. For specific instructions about how to enable or disable cookies on your computer, please also refer to the documentation for your browser software.
If you do not wish to allow cookies, please disable cookies before continuing to use this website. If you choose to disable cookies, some areas of the website may be functionally limited.
There are 3 types of cookies used on this website:
Session Cookies: allowing us to "remember" content from page to page (these expire when you leave the website or close the browser).
Persistent Cookies: which define "Time To Live" and help us to determine your preferences (these will expire after the "Time To Live" period)
Third Party Cookies: these are cookies from any other domain, such as recommended product and advertising services.
Cookies
The table below describes the cookies that we use on our website:
Cookie
Name
Purpose
More Information
Session
ASPSESSIONIDxxxxxxxx
This cookie is used to identify you as a user between page loads. It allows this website to remember certain settings and allow the ability to enrol on our courses.
This cookie is destroyed each time you close your browser.
Session
BREEZESESSION
Required to access the curriculums and online course information.
This cookie is destroyed each time you close your browser.
Persistent
WWF9sLID
Required to access the student forums.
Expires after 1 year.
Third Party
PREF__utma__utmb__utmc__utmz
Google Analytics cookies. These cookies collect information about how visitors use our website, such as the number of visitors and pages visited. We collate and retain information for reporting and monitoring purposes, in order to improve our website.
Click here for more information about how Google Analytics uses cookies.Click here to review the Google privacy policy.To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or e-mailing us at info@klc.co.uk
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission to do so. However, we may pass some of your data to other organisations if this is required by law, is necessary for the prevention or detection of crime or is necessary in order to provide particular services to you. In particular it may be necessary to share data with organisations (such as the University of Brighton and the Higher Education Statistics Agency) that we work in partnership with or which are involved in student funding services (such as local authorities, the Office for Students and the Student Loans Company) or other collaborative arrangements.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to KLC School of Design, 503 Design Centre East, Chelsea Harbour, London SW10 0XF.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or e-mail us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Complaints
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues.
HomeSite informationPrivacy
Connect with us
Visit us on Facebook
Visit us on Twitter
Visit us on Google+
Visit us on Pinterest
Visit us on Instagram
Visit us on YouTube