https://www.rpo.co.uk/privacy-statement
Details
Monday 21 May 2018
The Royal Philharmonic Orchestra (RPO) takes the responsibility of handling your personal data seriously. The Orchestra respects your privacy and we are committed to ensuring proper use of personal data and that only relevant information is processed according to your wishes.
We use the personal information held about you in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998, the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003, any replacement laws and the Global Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
What does ‘your personal data’ really mean?
Your personal data may include:
Your name and title
Contact information, such as your address, email and telephone number
Payment details
Background personal information, if you provide this to us, for example when applying to work with us or giving us a donation
Information about gender, date of birth or age, ethnicity, religion, medical information, disability and sexual preference (sensitive personal data) which we may collect for diversity monitoring and diversity reporting to our principal donor, Arts Council England
Photographic, audio or film images, which we use for promotional purposes or recording community and education project outcomes
How do we collect your data?
You provide personal details when you interact with us. For example, when you register with the RPO to receive relevant information, Friends packages, CDs/downloads, or you have kindly donated financially to help support the Orchestra, take part in a community or education project or apply to work with us.We may also receive your information from a friend, family member or current supporter. We will provide you with access to our privacy policy, or ask the person who provided us with your information to do so.
What are Cookies and does the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra use them?
Cookies are small pieces of text sent by your web browser or by a website you visit. A cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows a website or a third-party to recognise you and remember things about you, such as your login details or whether you have visited the site before. We only use cookies to collect anonymous analytical data. This allows us to know how many individual users our website has, and how they behave when they visit the site.
Can I turn Cookies Off?
If you'd like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser.
Why do we process your data and what do we use it for?
Our aim when processing your data is to use it only in ways that you would reasonably expect and to provide you with the best possible service.
We may process your personal data because we need to fulfil a contract with you:
Process donations you have generously given
Fulfil ticket requests
Supply CD/audio downloads
Pay you for a performance or other service
We may process your personal data because it is in our legitimate interests to do so:
To understand your interests and to make communications
To conduct due diligence on major donors
For market research, specific only to the RPO
To invite potential supporters to special events or to join a supporter group
To notify you of participatory workshops and record if you attend
We may also ask for your consent to process your personal data:
To monitor diversity
To provide you with information about products, services and fundraising activities
To notify you of live performances
You can tell us how you would like to hear from us and the information that you want to receive at any time. Contact details can be viewed below.
We will always ask for parental or a carers consent to process a child’s data. Young people aged 16-18 may give consent themselves for us to process their image data.
Do we share your information?
Your details will not be sold to any third party, but will be shared with our partners when necessary to ensure your engagement with us is as efficient and secure as possible. The term ‘partners’ includes venues with which we work and technical services used by the RPO to serve a particular purpose, for example PayPal, Shopify or the RPO’s Customer Relationship Management (CRM) system, Komobility.
Is your data in safe hands?
If you have provided your data online, then your personal details will be securely held on the RPO’s CRM system. If you have purchased a ticket, then your details will be securely sent to the venues’ box offices with any payment information submitted over the telephone, to an appointed member of box office staff.
If you have provided your data on paper or by telephone, it will be transferred onto the RPO’s CRM system and all paper records will be shredded and securely disposed of.
Is your data used by the RPO for fundraising?
The RPO is a charity registered in England and Wales (Registered charity number 244533). We raise money to support the artistic programmes of the Orchestra, to make access to performances widely available and to enable projects in community, health and education settings.
We communicate to donors and potential donors about fundraising appeals, special events and joining supporter groups. As a charity, we have a legitimate interest in using your personal data for these communications. We will only email these invitations to support the RPO if you have given us permission to do so. We may use background information you have previously given us, to enable us to make our communications and invitations tailored to your interest
You may also opt in to receive information and invitations related to our supporter groups and fundraising by registering on our website and indicating which information you would prefer to receive. Alternatively, by contacting the Development Team by emailing This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
How long do we keep your personal data?
We retain personal data only for as long as is needed. This can be for up to seven years after your engagement with us, or for longer for historical, analysis or research purposes, or to enable us to answer your enquiries.
What are your rights?
You have the following rights in relation to your personal data:
The right to access the data that we hold about you
The right to require us to correct inaccuracies
The right to request us to stop processing your personal data or to restrict it
The right to require us to erase your personal data
The right to withdraw consent
The right to request a copy of personal information held about you in a reasonable format, for the purposes of sharing it to another data controller
The right not to be subject to automated decision making or profiling
The right to lodge a complaint, with the RPO, the Information Commissioner's Office or the Fundraising Regulator
There are some exceptions to the above rights and the RPO may be entitled to refuse requests if exceptions apply.
Contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy, the information that we hold about you, or general data protection queries. You can also change your information preferences:
The Data Protection Officer, Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, 16 Clerkenwell Green, EC1R 0QT,
Email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Telephone the Data Protection Officer, 020 7608 8800
No thanks
Sign up for our Newsletter
By submitting this form, I consent to receiving occasional email updates from the RPO on the subjects I select below.
Privacy Statement