http://www.hct.org.uk/gdpr-privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Social media
Find us on Twitter
Find us on Facebook
Search this site
Search
Search
Search
GDPR & Privacy Policy
About Us
Your personal data will be collected and used by Historic Chapels Trust (HCT), Charity Number 1017321, with data controller number AWAIT. HCT is based at St. George's German Lutheran Church, 55 Alie Street, Aldgate, London E1 8EB, United Kingdom.
Any details you provide will be held in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018. You have the right to request, at any time, the information we hold about you. Where applicable, you can also ask us to transfer your data to another organisation. If you believe the information we hold about you is incorrect or incomplete, you have the right to ask us to correct it. You also have the right to ask us to stop any future processing of your personal data, or to remove it altogether. We may refuse to comply with a request for erasure where the personal data is processed for legal reasons, or other scenarios that may be in the public interest as specified by the Information Commissioners Office.
Processing Activities
We process your personal data for various purposes: to manage your membership, to carry out a contract we have with you, to comply with the law, or where you otherwise provide consent for us to do so, including promoting our events and services. Where we rely on your consent as our legal basis for processing your personal data, you can update your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time. We may also process your personal data in carrying out the legitimate interests of the HCT, such as internal research, analysis and marketing insight activities. We will not sell your information to third parties, nor do we allow our processors to use your data for any other purpose. We will hold personal information on our systems for only as long as is necessary for us to carry out the relevant processing activity.
Transfers Outside the European Economic Area
Our operations are based in the UK and we store our data within the European Economic Area. Some organisations that provide services to us may transfer personal data outside of the European Economic Area, but we’ll only allow them to do so if your data is adequately protected.
Making a Complaint
If you're not happy with how we have handled your data, you are welcome to contact us to update your preferences or to make a complaint. If you believe that your data protection or privacy rights have been infringed, you can complain to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office which regulates and enforces data protection law in the UK. Details of how to do this can be found at www.ico.org.uk
How Do We Use Cookies?
This site, like many others, uses files called cookies to help customise your experience. Cookies are tiny text files that are stored by the browser (e.g. Internet Explorer or Safari) when you visit our website. Most websites or internet service providers do this.
Cookies allow our site to remember your preferences and help us make the site work better for you.
A visit to our website may generate a cookie to provide functionality such as allowing logging in and remembering site preferences.
Third Party and Analytics Cookies
Some cookies are set by our technology partners, Google Analytics. This is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Opt-out of Google Analytics cookies. You can find Google Analytic's privacy policy here.
How do I turn cookies off?
Most browsers will allow you to control whether or not they accept cookies. Instructions for configuring cookie settings in some of the most popular browsers are available from these pages:
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer and Edge
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Safari
Detailed step by step guidance on how to control and delete cookies is also available from www.aboutcookies.org
Volunteer Zone
When you apply for a login to the Volunteer Zone of the Website or apply for a login to load event information (or both) you agree that:
Historic Chapels Trust can pass your contact details to third parties as a contact in connection with the event you have posted on the website
Historic Chapels Trust can pass your contact details to third parties requesting local contacts at the chapel on behalf of Historic Chapels Trust.
In the event that we pass your contact details to third parties for the purposes outlined above we will endeavour to do so with the minimum information necessary to enable contact between you and the third parties but we cannot be certain you will not be identified personally in this process. We rely on your consent as our legal basis for this processing.
Other Websites
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites. This policy only applies to the Historic Chapels Trust website. We cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of other websites.
Changes
We will change this policy from time to time to keep it up to date, so please check back periodically.