http://www.cannesguide.com/terms/privacy-policy.php
Privacy Policy
Information on how this site collects and processes personal data
The publisher of this website, Cinemagine Media Limited ("Cinemagine"), believes strongly in the right to privacy online.
This policy outlines the data captured by www.cannesguide.com ("Site") and how it will be used.
What Information is Captured?
Primarily, contact information (e.g. your name, email address, physical address etc) is captured where this is actively provided by you.
Certain areas of the Site may capture additional personal details, but again, typically only those which you actively provide.
The Site makes use of third-party platforms to provide advertising and/or analytics services.
These services may capture additional personal information related to your behavior on the Site.
At present, the main services we use are Google Analytics, Google Adsense (advertising), AddThis (social media sharing), and Infolinks (advertising).
Note that when using this Site, you may be tracked by third-parties such as Facebook, Twitter, etc where you remain logged into their services.
How We Use Your Information
Personal information actively provided by you is used by the Site to deliver the functionality you requested.
Typically, this will be to process an order or to provide you with services that require you to be registered and logged in.
Behavioural and anonymous profile information (e.g. browser vendor, geolocation etc) captured by third-party service providers may be used to provide interest based advertising on this Site and/or third-party sites.
Personal information captured by third-party service provides is not shared with Cinemagine, however these providers may provide an aggregated and anonymised view of captured data to Cinemagine.
All of our marketing activities are explicit opt-in.
Cinemagine will not send you marketing communications without your explicit consent.
Typically, we do not share the personal information you provide with third parties, unless you have separately, and explicitly, opted in to us doing so.
However, we may do so in situations where it is necessary in order to provide you with a service you have requested (e.g. placing an order for a product) or where we are compelled by a ruling from a court in a competent jurisdiction.
Cookies
This Site may make use of cookies to provide you with certain pieces of functionality. Cookies may be set by the Site and/or its third-party affiliates. By using the Site you agree to accept these cookies. If you do not wish to accept cookies from this Site and/or its affiliates, you must cease using the Site immediately.
Your Rights
You have the right to request a copy of the personal information we hold for you at any time.
Please note that all requests are subject to an administration fee of GBP 25.00 (plus UK VAT where applicable).
You also have the right to request that the personal information we hold for you is deleted.
You should be aware that doing so may prevent you from being able to continue to use the Site.
Certain information we hold (e.g. order details) must be retained as business records for a period of 7 years to comply with UK company law.
Note that any request to view or delete your personal information applies only to data held by Cinemagine.
If you wish to see or delete personal inforamtion held by third-parties, you must submit your request directly to the data controller for the respective organisation.
Full Terms of Use
If you have not done so already, please take a momement to review the full terms of use for this Site.
Contacting Cinemagine
Contact information for the operator of this Site can be found on the Contact Us page.
A full rundown on the 2021 Cannes Film Festival, is available in the book, Cannes - A Festival Virgin's Guide (7th Edition).Find Out More >