http://www.theworthyplayers.co.uk/privacy-policy
Share
Email
facebook
Home
What’s On
Your Visit
Tickets
Previous Shows
Mailing List
About Us
Privacy Policy
Contact
Navigation
Privacy Policy
The Worthy Players is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This policy tells you about the information we collect from you when you use our website.
In collecting this information, we are acting as a data controller and, by law, we are required to provide you with information about how and why we use your data, and about the rights you have over your data.
This notice sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect will be processed by us. Please read this policy carefully to understand our views and practices and your rights regarding your personal data.
Information Collection
We collect various types of information and in a number of ways:
Information you give us when you buy tickets for our productions
TicketSource is the provider of our Box Office system and is the data processor for those transactions.
TicketSource processes and stores personal data on behalf of The Worthy Players (i.e. is responsible for, and controls the processing of, your personal information), and they have their own data privacy policy which can be found on their website.
TicketSource Privacy Policy
The information collected by TicketSource when you are booking tickets can include:
•	Name
•	Address
•	Email
•	Contact number
•	Payment card details – card details are encrypted for processing and only part of the card details are stored in the TicketSource site to assist with customer queries or charge disputes.
•	IP address - TicketSource may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system security, customer support and site analytics. This statistical data cannot be used to identify a customer.
•	Cookies – TicketSource use cookies to track visitors through their site and to save booking information as you move from page to page of the booking process.
Information you give us when you register to be added to our mailing lists
The Worthy Players invites individuals to join its productions mailing list through its website, and members of The Worthy Players will be added to a membership mailing list.
The data provided when joining the mailing lists is the personal data we need for the purpose of adding individuals to our email mailing lists.
The Worthy Players email mailing lists are stored on a secure MailChimp server.
MailChimp is an email marketing service used to process this data (the data processor). The productions mailing list email includes upcoming events and news with digital images and sometimes video links to its own website, YouTube or Vimeo.
The membership mailing list gives regular updates about the activities within the group.
Individuals are offered the choice to unsubscribe in every email we send.
Additionally, when booking tickets via TicketSource, there is a tick box option to receive email updates from The Worthy Players.
This is not enabled by default and has to be clicked to turn it on.
Your name and email address are then sent directly to MailChimp, and you will receive an email confirming your request to be added to The Worthy Players mailing list.
MailChimp have their own data privacy policy which can be found on their website.
There are several sections to their policy, for clarity, a member refers to organisations or groups who register to use MailChimp’s services and a contact is a person on a member’s mailing list.
MailChimp Privacy Policy
Information about your interactions with us
The Worthy Players uses the Google Analytics™ web analytics service to provide information about which pages our website visitors view and how often they visit.
To do this, we set a cookie that stores information such as:
•	What time the current visit occurred
•	Whether you have been to our site before
•	What site referred you to our web page
•	Details about your computer, browser, and components installed
•	Your route through the site.
The above information does not personally identify you even if you visit more than once.
Marketing communications
The Worthy Players aim to communicate with you about our productions in ways that you find relevant, timely, respectful, and never excessive.
We use our legitimate organisational interest as the legal basis for communications by post and email.
In the case of postal mailings, you may opt out of receiving these at any time using the contact details on the letter.
In the case of email, we will provide you with an option to unsubscribe in every email that we send you.
As part of our service to you, we may contact you by email to provide essential information related to your purchase and visit.
Membership communications
The Worthy Players will send regular updates about the groups activities.
We use our legitimate organisational interest as the legal basis for communications by email.
We will provide you with an option to unsubscribe in every email that we send you.
Social Media sites
If you like, comment or interact in any way with our page on Facebook, some of your personal information becomes available to us such as your name, handle and profile picture.
We do not store this information anywhere, though it will still be available to us on the social media website.
We do not use this information unless it is to get in contact with you directly to respond to your comment or interaction.
We also receive from Facebook an aggregated view of how people interact with our Facebook Page and information about age, location and gender of people who are following us.
This functionality is managed by Facebook.
None of the information provided to us allows us to specifically identify any individuals.
Your Rights
You have rights under the GDPR:
(a) to access your personal data
(b) to be provided with information about how your personal data is processed
(c) to have your personal data corrected
(d) to have your personal data erased in certain circumstances
(e) to object to or restrict how your personal data is processed
(f) to have your personal data transferred to yourself or to another business in certain circumstances.
To instigate any of your rights under GDPR, please contact us at enquiries@theworthyplayers.co.uk.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to alter our privacy policy at any time.
Any changes we may make to our policy in the future will be notified and made available to you using our website.
Your continued use of the services and the website shall be deemed your acceptance of the revised privacy policy.