http://www.extremesportsmusic.com/privacy.html
HomeArtist
Signup  Membership
Signup  AdvertisingAbout
Contact
Privacy
Policy
eXtreme
Sports Music.com is an affiliate of Handlee Records, both of which
are a division of Acacia Technologies Inc.
We
collect information including, bur not limited to purchases of products
or services, surveys and /or site registrations volunteered or used
by the consumer. All information is kept confidential.
At
certain parts of our site, only persons who provide us with requested
personally identifiable information (members) will be able to participate
in the site's activities and offerings.
We do not sell our member list. We do send members e-mail notifications
of new site features and/or promotions for our services. We also
reserve the right to contact any member at any time regarding membership-related
issues. If
you do not want to receive e-mail from eXtreme Sports Music, please
let us know by sending an email to the address below and informing
us of your desire.
All
services are purchased through eXtreme Sports Music and are subject
to the terms of this privacy policy and the Terms of Use statements
located elsewhere on this site.
ALL
CDS and product merchandise are purchased through CDBaby.com. Information
you provide when purchasing CDs is provided to CDBaby.com in order
to process your orders. All such purchases are subject to CDBaby.com's
privacy policy. In addition, all inquiries pertaining to purchase
information, delivery, product condition, returns or any other questions
regarding an order of merchandise should be made to CDBaby.com at
1-877-692-7999.
"Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary, should you purchase any products offered
by any other organization through this website, all information
provided by you to that organization will be subject to that organization's
privacy policy. You are advised to investigate the privacy policy
of the specific organization from whom you actually order products
prior to making any such purchase. eXtreme Sports Music is not responsible
for the use of your information by its sponsors, partners or advertisers."
Although
we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures
of information, we cannot completely guarantee you that personal
information we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that
is inconsistent with this Privacy Notice due to unscrupulous practices
by other parties outside of our organization.
If
you have any questions about this privacy policy, contact us at
Email XSM
© Handlee
Records, 2002/0023 Privacy
Policy Terms
& Conditions