http://www.bso.org/brands/bso/footer/privacy-policy.aspx
Visit our mobile site!
More Info
|
My Cart
Privacy Policy
The Boston Symphony Orchestra
adopted this Privacy Policy to inform users of the bso.org Internet
site how the site collects, stores, and uses personal information
submitted via the site.
1. Collection of
Information
Certain applications on the Boston Symphony Orchestra
Website may require users to register or to provide personal
information in order to make a commerce transaction, or to
subscribe to a newsletter. Such personal information is not shared
or sold to third parties.
To better understand the needs of our Website users, we
may also request demographic information. Entry of such information
is optional and if you choose not to enter such information, you
can successfully use these applications. If we request demographic
information, we will not share information about you as an
individual with any other entity. If we do share demographic
information with third parties, we will give them aggregate
information only.
2. Cookies and User Targeting
Advertisements
We use cookies and other technologies both to provide our Services
to you and to advertise to you. We also may work with Partners to
advertise our Products and Services to you when you visit other
websites or mobile applications, and to help them perform user
analytics. These technologies may also be used to analyze how our
Users interact with advertising on our Services and elsewhere, and
more generally, to learn more about our Users and what services or
offers you might prefer to receive.
3. Mailing Lists
If you provide your e-mail address, the Boston Symphony
Orchestra may periodically contact you with special offers, updated
information, and new services. Any e-mails sent to you by the
Boston Symphony Orchestra offer you the option to be removed from
the e-mail mailing list.
Selected applications on our web site allow visitors to
subscribe to our newsletter by providing their names and addresses
to the Boston Symphony Orchestra. If you provide the Boston
Symphony Orchestra with your mailing address or telephone number,
the Boston Symphony Orchestra, in addition to providing you with
the Boston Symphony Orchestra newsletter, may also use this
information to alert you to updated information and new services.
If you wish to be removed from the mailing list, you may do so by
contacting the Boston Symphony Orchestra directly. (See the
'Contact Us' section below).
4. Information to third
parties
The Boston Symphony Orchestra may occasionally present a
special contest or promotion on bso.org that is sponsored by
another company. To qualify for entry, we may ask you to provide
personal information. If we plan to share that information with the
sponsor(s), we will provide a statement to that
effect.
5. Financial
information
The Boston Symphony Orchestra will protect any personal
financial information that you share with us. If you make a
purchase on bso.org, we will use your credit card number only to
process your payment and will not use it for marketing purposes.
For reasons of security, credit card information is not stored on
our Web server. We will retain order information for our records,
but this information is never shared with third
parties.
6. Links
Our site includes links to other Websites. We do not control
the privacy policies of the destination sites. Once you leave our
servers (you can check where you are by checking the URL in the
location bar on your browser), use of any information you provide
is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you
are visiting. That policy may differ from ours. If you can't find
the privacy policy of any of these sites via a link from the site's
homepage, you should contact the manager of that site for more
information. The Boston Symphony Orchestra is not responsible for
the privacy practices or the content of Websites other than
bso.org.
7. Children
We do not solicit personal information from children. Sites
specifically geared toward children will not request any personal
or contact information.
8. Contact Us/How to update or
remove your personal information
You can help the Boston Symphony Orchestra maintain the
accuracy of your personal information by notifying us when you
change your address, title, phone number, or e-mail address.
Contact us via the information on the bso.org Contacts page if you
wish to update or remove your information or if you no longer wish
to receive communications from the Boston Symphony Orchestra, our
partners, or selected third parties. You can also write to us at
the address provided at the top of this page.
Please include both your old and new contact information so
that we can make the appropriate corrections. The Boston Symphony
Orchestra would like to receive your comments or questions about
this privacy policy. Please address comments or questions regarding
the Boston Symphony Orchestra's privacy practices to us at the
address listed above. The Boston Symphony Orchestra may
occasionally update this policy. Notice of revisions will be posted
here.
9. Updates &
Effective Date
From time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy. Boston
Symphony Orchestra encourages you to periodically review this
policy so that you always will know what information we collect,
how we use it, and with whom we share it.
Updated May 18, 2018.
Tickets
Donate