https://www.iankennyframing.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy and Cookie PolicyHomePrivacy and Cookie Policy
Ian Kenny Framing : Privacy and Cookie Policy
Who we are
In this Privacy and Cookie Policy references to “we” and “us” are to Ian Kenny Limited trading as Ian Kenny Framing, company number SC244226, registered office 4d Auchingramont Road, Hamilton ML3 6JT.
What information we collect and how
The information we collect via this website may include:
(1) Any personal details you type in and submit, such as name, address, email address, etc.
(2) Data which allows us to recognise you, your preferences and how you use this website. This saves you from re-entering information when you return to the site. This data is collected by cookies from your navigation around the site. A cookie is a small amount of data which we send to your computer. The data is then stored on your browser or hard disk. Most web browsers can be set to prevent you from receiving new cookies, notify you before accepting cookies or disable cookies altogether. Details about this can normally be found in the Help facility provided with your browser. If you disable cookies, you will not be able to receive personalised facilities and your progress to check out may take longer.
(3) Your IP address (this is your computer’s ‘internet session’ number, which is allocated by your Internet Service provider, and may change from time to time). This number is logged by our web server and is used to note your interest in our website. It does not personally identify you.
(4) Your preferences and use of email updates, recorded by emails we send you (if you select to receive email updates on products and offers).
What we do with your information
Any personal information we collect from you will be used in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and other applicable laws. The details we collect will be used:-
(1) to process your order, to maintain guarantee records and to provide after-sales service (we may pass your details to another organisation to supply/deliver products or services you have purchased and/or to provide after-sales service)
(2) to carry out security checks – this helps to protect you and us from fraudulent transactions; and
(3) to comply with any legal requirements
We may use third parties to carry out certain activities, such as processing and sorting data, and monitoring how customers use our site. We would also like to inform you of various promotions, goods and services that may be of interest to you. These would come from us alone and no other third parties. You may be contacted by post, email, or telephone. You may unsubscribe at a later date, if you wish – see “Your rights” section below.
Your rights
(1) You can ask us to update your personal information by emailing precise details of your request here.
Please ensure you type “update” in the subject line.
(2) You can ask us not to send you future marketing communications. To do this, simply let us know here.
Type “No Marketing” in the subject line and then the following in the main text :-
your full name
your postal address, including postcode
your email address
We will then suppress your data from all direct marketing, although we will still keep it for processing your order and fulfilling customer service and after sale obligations.
Alternatively, you can post your request to the address in (3) below.
(3) You also have the right to request a copy of any personal information we hold about you. To do this, simply write to us at the following address :
Ian Kenny Framing
172 Quarry Street
Hamilton
ML3 6QR
Other Websites
This privacy policy only covers this website. Any other websites which may be linked to by our website are subject to their own policy, which may differ from ours.
Cookie Policy
When you are browsing websites on the internet, many of these websites store tiny text files called cookies on your computer, to help track your use of the site and to personalise your journey around the website. These cookies can be stored so that if you return to a website, that website server can call the information from the cookies stored on your computer to tailor your experience of the site.
Our website is no different, it uses cookies only to help you shop our website and to place online orders – we do not store personally identifiable information in our cookie data. We also use one carefully selected 3rd party cart provider to enhance your online experience and they will place cookies on your computer for use on our website too.
Your right to refuse cookies and what happens if you refuse them:
You can refuse cookies by activating the relevant setting on your browser. However, if you do so you may not be able to effectively access parts of our site. If you carry on using our site and do not change your browser settings we will assume you consent to us using cookies as described above.
Cookies are perfectly safe to be stored on your computer and almost all web browsers have cookie storing enabled as default. However, all browsers have the option of disabling cookies being stored on your computer if you wish to do this.
Please be aware that disabling cookies on your browser will reduce your ability to shop online with us. We use cookies to process products in your basket and orders. Disabling your cookies will mean you cannot purchase through our website. This would also be a common experience of reduced functionality across many websites.
EU law now compels websites to provide clear information about their use of cookies to their customers, something we fully support. We want to ensure that you are fully aware of the use of cookies on our website. We are proud of our reputation as a transparent and honest retailer.
Other websites
This cookie policy only covers this website. Any other websites which may be linked to by our website will have their own policy, which may differ from ours.
Menu
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OKPrivacy Policy