http://www.tpac.org/privacy-policy/
Home > Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyTENNESSEE PERFORMING ARTS CENTER PRIVACY POLICYThis Privacy Policy governs the official website for Tennessee Performing Arts Center (TPAC) found at www.TPAC.org (our Website) and/or any sub-domain therein. Protecting the privacy of our customers is important to us. We do our best to keep your personal information confidential. Providing this Privacy Policy allows us to better service our customers.GeneralIn general, you can access and enjoy our Website without providing any personal information. However, in order to take advantage of some of the services we offer, you will need to share with us certain personal information. The information we collect may include name, address, email address, telephone number and other data. We do not sell, lease, or share your information with anyone else, except: (1) to third party service providers, and then only to allow them to provide the services you’ve requested and in certain circumstances to provide you with special offers and discounts; (2) upon notice posted on an applicable location of our Website where we collect your personal information for an economic transaction and notify you that we will be sharing such information with a third party where such third party is clearly identified; and (3) on occasion, we may offer a special promotion on the Website in conjunction with us or a third party service provider, sponsor or promotional partner, and share your information with that sponsor or promotional partner so that either of us can send you other information and special promotions it offers, but only if you give us permission to do so. Online Ticketing and Donations Visitors to TPAC’s Website have the ability to search for information about and events at TPAC without ever providing any personal information. However, once you have decided to purchase available tickets or merchandise, or to make a donation, you will be asked to provide the information necessary for us to process your transaction. This will include your name, address, email address and other contact information, as well a credit card number, billing address, and the card’s expiration date. The credit card number will be used only to process your ticket purchase.Information Automatically CollectedSometimes we use automatic methods such as cookies (small amounts of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a Website’s computers and stored on your computer’s hard drive) and single-pixel GIF images alone or in combination with personally identifiable information, to make our Website work better, to understand Website usage and trends, deliver a more personalized experience and to improve our content and offerings. Examples of this include the Internet protocol address used to connect your computer to the Internet; type and version, operating system, and platform; URL information, including date and time; pages you viewed or searched for; and pictures you viewed. We may also use software tools to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, length of emails to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the user to accept or reject cookies. If you set your browser to reject cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of certain services on our Website.We do not transfer cookies associated with our Website to any third party, nor do we authorize any third party to access the cookies we have placed on your computer’s hard drive. We may allow other parties that are presenting advertisements or providing services through our Website to set and access cookies on your computer. That use of cookies is covered by their privacy policies, not ours.We do not install any spyware or adware in connection with our Website, or distribute any commercial message, or authorize any third party to distribute any commercial message, by means of spyware or adware. “Spyware” or “adware” is any software which has been downloaded to and/or installed on someone’s computer, without the user’s actual consent, and facilitates the distribution of commercial messages.DemographicsWe may share aggregated demographic information with third parties, but this information is not linked to any personal information that can identify you or another individual person, and no individual information is disclosed in this manner.Disclosure for Legal PurposesThe law requires that we may be required to share your personal information and non-personal information pursuant to judicial or governmental subpoenas, warrants or orders. If we are required to do so, we will comply with the law. We also reserve the right to use and disclose your personal and non-personal information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of this Website’s Terms of Use, or as otherwise required by law.ChoiceCertain information forms on our website contain a box for you to indicate whether or not you consent to receive special offers and promotions from us. Unless you give us your consent to use your personal information for these purposes, we and our partners will only use it to complete the transaction or provide the service or product you have requested. If you indicate that you consent to receive communications or solicitations, but you later change your mind, you should contact TPAC or follow the opt-out procedures detailed in the communication or solicitation you receive.LinksOur Website contains links to other sites owned or operated affiliates, and websites operated by unrelated third parties. Please note that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of third party websites. We encourage you to be aware of this when your leave our Website and to read the privacy policies of every website that collects personally identifiable information from you. This Privacy Policy applies only to TPAC’s official Website.Children and PrivacyTPAC does not knowingly solicit personal information from children under the age of 18, send them requests for personal information, or distribute their personal information to third parties without parental consent.Contact UsIf you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us at: Tennessee Performing Arts Center PO Box 190660 Nashville, TN 37219Or send an email to Postmaster@TPAC.orgLAST UPDATED AND EFFECTIVE DATE: October 1, 2009
This site uses cookies: Find out more.Okay, thanks