http://www.buffy-boards.com/help/privacy-policy/
Menu
Forums
New posts
Search forums
What's new
New posts
New media
New media comments
New resources
Latest activity
Media
New media
New comments
Search media
BB Radio
Latest reviews
Search resources
Links
BB Newsletter
BB's 50 Most Memorable Scenes
Links & Affiliates
Link Us
BB on twitter
BB on Parler
BB on YouTube
Past Moderators
OMWP on Instagram
Who made that skin?
BB Cook Book
The Chatty Room
Resources
Rules/Help
Log in
Register
What's new
Search
Search
Search titles only
By:
Search
Advanced search…
Menu
Log in
Register
Thank you for visiting Buffy-Boards. You obviously have exceptional taste. We just want you to know that:
1. You really should register so you can chat with us!
2. Twelve thousand people can't be wrong.
3. Buffy-Boards loves you.
4. See 1 through 3.
Come on, register already!
Forums
Rules/Help
Help
Privacy policy
Help pages
Help
The Pledge
Board Rules
Posting Rules
Signatures
Bangel/Spuffy Forums
Links
Spoilers
Avatars
Abuse of the Board Staff
Frequently Asked Questions
Smilies
How do I become a moderator?
Adoptees / Bad Eggs Forum
Dormitories/Houses
BB codes
Trophies
Cookie usage
Terms of Service
Privacy policy
We are Buffy-Boards ("we", "our", "us"). We’re committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. If you have questions about your personal information please contact us.
What information we hold about you
The type of data that we collect and process includes:
Your name or username.
Your email address.
Your IP address.
Further data may be collected if you choose to share it, such as if you fill out fields on your profile.
We collect some or all of this information in the following cases:
You register as a member on this site.
You fill out our contact form.
You browse this site. See "Cookie policy" below.
You fill out fields on your profile.
How your personal information is used
We may use your personal information in the following ways:
For the purposes of making you a registered member of our site, in order for you to contribute content to this site.
We may use your email address to inform you of activity on our site.
Your IP address is recorded when you perform certain actions on our site. Your IP address is never publicly visible.
Other ways we may use your personal information.
In addition to notifying you of activity on our site which may be relevant to you, from time to time we may wish to communicate with all members any important information such as newsletters or announcements by email. You can opt-in to or opt-out of such emails in your profile.
We may collect non-personally identifiable information about you in the course of your interaction with our site. This information may include technical information about the browser or type of device you're using. This information will be used purely for the purposes of analytics and tracking the number of visitors to our site.
Keeping your data secure
We are committed to ensuring that any information you provide to us is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable measures and procedures to safeguard and secure the information that we collect.
Cookie policy
Cookies are small text files which are set by us on your computer which allow us to provide certain functionality on our site, such as being able to log in, or remembering certain preferences.
We have a detailed cookie policy and more information about the cookies that we set on this page.
Rights
You have a right to access the personal data we hold about you or obtain a copy of it. To do so please contact us. If you believe that the information we hold for you is incomplete or inaccurate, you may contact us to ask us to complete or correct that information.
You also have the right to request the erasure of your personal data. Please contact us if you would like us to remove your personal data.
Acceptance of this policy
Continued use of our site signifies your acceptance of this policy. If you do not accept the policy then please do not use this site. When registering we will further request your explicit acceptance of the privacy policy.
Changes to this policy
We may make changes to this policy at any time. You may be asked to review and re-accept the information in this policy if it changes in the future.
Forums
Rules/Help
Help
This site uses cookies to help personalise content, tailor your experience and to keep you logged in if you register.
By continuing to use this site, you are consenting to our use of cookies.
Accept
Learn more…
Top
Bottom