http://www.hubbe.net/privacy.html
Hubbe.net has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm
commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and
dissemination practices for this website: Hubbe.net.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server,
and to administer our Web site.
This site contains links to other sites. Hubbe.net is not responsible
for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
We will only have information from you if you send us an email or use a form
on our site. This information will not be used for commercial purposes.
We do not use the email addresses entered into the warm fuzzy form for any
reason other than sending warm fuzzies and letting the recipient know who sent the
warm fuzzy. Also, these email addresses are never stored on our system.
We do however, store email addresses in our "Theo Rating" system on the
Jeremiah web site in order to keep track
of unique ratings for each episode. This information will not be used for commercial
purposes.
We may run promotions for using the "Theo Rating" system where you will receive an
email from us but only if you are a winner.
We collect no information passively and use no cookies for our own purposes.
If you read or participate in our forums, we do set cookie information in order to
track what posts you have read and what forums you may or may not have access to.
We do utilize some free services (banner ads, affiliate programs, etc.) where
you may find you have left our server (it will no longer says hubbe.net in the web
address) and our privacy policies will no longer apply.
Some of these free services may (or may not) use cookies to track your web
surfing habits.
For more information about cookies and how to disable them, check out this
informative website at:
http://www.junkbusters.com/ht/en/cookies.html
If you leave your email address in a guestbook, you are making your email
available to email harvester programs. This means you could get unsolicited
email and you are also revealing your email address to anyone else who reads
the guestbook.
For privacy, you can elect to keep your email address private (only the guestbook
owner can see it) or send your guestbook entry privately
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications
from us at the point where we request information about the visitor. This site
gives users the option for removing their information from our database to not
receive future communications or to no longer receive our service by emailing
webstuff.at.hubbe.dot.net. If you opt-out from our
web site, you will no longer be able to send or receive a "Warm Fuzzy" or be able
to vote in our "Theo Rating" system.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this
site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
Hubbe.net
Monica Hübinette,
webstuff.at.hubbe.dot.net
Fredrik Hübinette,
hubbe.at.hubbe.dot.net
There have been 48,646 visitors since
March 17th, 2001. The true source code of
this page can be viewed at privacy.txt and it was last
modified April 20th,
2003 at 21:40 PST. Content, photos and
images ©1997-2020 Monica Hübinette
and please visit the
site index if you get lost.
Read our privacy statement.