http://www.francesking.co.uk/terms
Terms
Acceptance
Frances King School of English provides the website to you on the basis of the following terms and conditions ("Terms and Conditions"). By accessing any page on this Frances King School of English Website, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. These Terms and Conditions may be updated by Frances King School of English from time to time by posting the updated Terms and Conditions without prior separate notification to you. You should check the Terms and Conditions each time you access the Frances King School of English Website to check for updates.Frances King School of English Website
You will be able to obtain information about certain Frances King School of English products and services on this Frances King School of English Website and you may also submit queries to Frances King School of English to receive more information.Use
The Frances King School of English Website and any support are provided to you at no charge and are for your personal and non-commercial use. Any support provided to you is for information purposes only. Frances King School of English reserves the right to make changes to the Frances King School of English Website; or not reply to any queries; or not provide any support in connection with the Frances King School of English Website.
Frances King School of English does not wish to receive confidential or proprietary information from you via the Frances King School of English Website. Subject to Frances King School of English obligation under the Privacy Policy please note that any information or material sent to Frances King School of English via the Frances King School of English Website will be deemed to be not confidential. By sending Frances King School of English any information or material, you grant Frances King School of English an unrestricted, irrevocable licence to use, reproduce, display, perform, modify, transmit and distribute that material or information, and you also agree that Frances King School of English is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques that you send us for any purpose.
You undertake not to post to or send via this website any materials that are or could reasonably be construed as: (i) defamatory, libellous, obscene, offensive, abusive, liable to incite racial hatred, discriminatory or blasphemous; (ii) in breach of any obligation of confidence or privacy or any trade secret; (iii) infringing the proprietary rights of any third party or for which you have not obtained all necessary licences and/or approvals; or (iv) violating any other law.
You also agree not to transmit to or send via the website any materials which could reasonably be held to constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise be contrary to the law of any country or other competent authority, or infringe the rights of any third party enforceable in any part of the world.
Frances King School of English reserves the right to remove any materials from the website where it reasonably suspects that such material is prohibited by this Section 3 or is otherwise inappropriate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you acknowledge that Frances King School of English has no control over content on the website provided by other users, neither does it purport to monitor the content of the website to ensure its accuracy, appropriateness or conformity with the principles outlined in these Terms and Conditions.
You must not link to the Frances King School of English Website other websites which are indecent or inappropriate, and you must forthwith remove any link if Frances King School of English in its discretion so requests.
You agree to indemnify Frances King School of English and Frances King School of English affiliates against any claim, demand, loss or damage suffered as a result of breach of this Section 3.Disclaimer
Frances King School of English hereby excludes all conditions, warranties, representations or other terms concerning the supply or purported supply of, failure to supply or delay in supplying any service in connection with the Frances King School of English Website or that the Frances King School of English Website is accurate, complete or up-to-date, which might but for this Section 4 have effect between Frances King School of English and you, or would otherwise be implied into or incorporated into these Terms and Conditions or any collateral contract, whether by statute, common law or otherwise. You understand and agree that you are using the Frances King School of English Website at your sole risk and that Frances King School of English does not warrant that the Frances King School of English Website will meet your requirements or that the Frances King School of English Website will be uninterrupted, error free or secure. Any content or services provided via the Frances King School of English Website or in connection with the Frances King School of English Website by Frances King School of English is done so on an "AS IS" and on an "AS AVAILABLE" basis and Frances King School of English makes no representations or endorsement of any kind, whether express or implied, with respect to the Frances King School of English Website for the content or services included in, or made available in connection with, this Frances King School of English Website. Frances King School of English reserves the right at its sole discretion, to amend or withdraw any content or services offered as part of the Frances King School of English Website.Liability
Frances King School of English , any other party (whether or not involved in creating, producing, maintaining or delivering this Frances King School of English Website), and any of Frances King School of English group companies and the officers, directors, employees, shareholders or agents of any of them, exclude all liability and responsibility for any amount or kind of loss or damage that may result to you or a third party, (including without limitation, any direct, indirect, punitive or consequential loss or damages, or any loss of income, profits, goodwill, data, contracts, use of money, or loss or damages arising from or connected in any way to business interruption, and whether in tort (including without limitation negligence), contract or otherwise in connection with this Frances King School of English Website in any way or in connection with the use, inability to use or the results of use of this Frances King School of English Website, any websites linked to this Frances King School of English Website or the material on such websites, including but not limited to loss or damage due to viruses that may infect your computer equipment, software, data or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing this Frances King School of English Website or your downloading of any material from this Frances King School of English Website or any websites linked to this Frances King School of English Website. This shall not affect your statutory rights.
Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall exclude or limit Frances King School of English 's liability for (i) death or personal injury caused by its negligence; (ii) fraud; or (iii) any liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.Privacy Policy
If you choose to register on any part of this Frances King School of English Website, you agree to provide Frances King School of English with the accurate data as requested in the registration form. For details of our use and transfer of your personal data, please refer to this privacy policy.
The information provided in a form or otherwise via the Frances King School of English Website will be used by Frances King School of English for the purpose of providing the services that you have requested by way of the Frances King School of English Website.
From time to time Frances King School of English, Frances King School of English affiliates or agents might use this information for marketing purposes or to inform you about other products and services, which we think might be of interest for you. You can specify whether you wish to receive such information in the appropriate box in your registration form.
We are committed to protecting your privacy. Your personal data is held on a secure computer and manual files shall not be processed for any other purpose than those set out in this Privacy Policy. The server Frances King School of English uses to store this information is accessible to authorised staff only, is further connected to the Internet through a firewall and is therefore not accessible to the public.
Small pieces of information known as cookies will be installed on your computer to collect statistical information including navigation paths, number of visits, returning customers and hits per page. The only personal information that a cookie can contain is information that you provide yourself. They cannot read data off your hard disk. We use these cookies to help us determine the usefulness of the information that we provide and to see how user-friendly our website is. Frances King School of English does not share the information that it gathers from cookies with other non- Frances King School of English entities or sell it to third parties. If you prefer not to receive cookies from our website, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence. You can also refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. You are required to have cookies turned on to enable you to use the My Alerts section of the Frances King School of English Websites.
You have the right to access, correct, update, or delete your data by accessing the appropriate link to your profile or by submitting a request to info at francesking dot com dot
We will only hold your personal information for the duration necessary to allow us to provide the services that you have requested or for any additional period as required by law.
This Privacy Policy may be amended by Frances King School of English from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes affecting our use of our personal data.Trademark
You must not display or use in any manner Frances King School of English or Frances King School of English trademarks or logos without Frances King School of English prior written permission.
Email: info at francesking dot comGoverning Law
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Irish law. Disputes arising in connection with these Terms and Conditions shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Irish courts.Copyright
Copyright Frances King School of English. All rights reserved. It is strictly prohibited to copy, redistribute, republish or modify any materials or software contained on the Frances King School of English Website or in subsequent support without the prior written consent of Frances King School of English.
In This Section
Terms
Privacy
Disclaimer
Which school would you like to book?You can use our secure booking forms below for London and Dublin to place your order and make a secure payment with your booking. Please select which location you would like to book for below.London School Dublin School
Send Us A MessageOur online chat is currently offline but you can send us a message and we will get back to you ASAP.