http://www.shakefire.com/privacy
Skip to main content
Search form
Search
PS3 Attitude
Shakefire on Facebook
Shakefire on Twitter
Shakefire on Youtube
Shakefire on Google
Shakefire on StumbleUpon
Shakefire on Digg
Shakefire.com
Have a tip?
Username *
Password *
Create new account
Request new password
MoviesNews
Theatrical Reviews
Blu-Ray Reviews
DVD Reviews
Trailers/Clips
Contests
Interviews
Pictures
MusicNews
CD Reviews
Concert Reviews
Videos
Pictures
Contests
Interviews
Quickie 10
TVNews
Previews
TV on DVD Reviews
Videos/Clips
Contests
Pictures
Interviews
GamesNews
Reviews
Videos/Clips
Contests
Pictures
Interviews
XBox 360
Playstation 3
Wii
Online
Apps
BooksNews
Reviews
Excerpts
Videos/Clips
Pictures
Contests
Interviews
NewsMovie News
Music News
TV News
Video Game News
Book News
DVD/BD News
Other News
ReviewTheatrical
Blu-Ray
DVD
TV on DVD
TV Previews
Anime
Music
Concerts
Videos Games
Books
Events
InterviewMovies
Music
TV
Books
Video Games
Events
ContestMovies
Music
TV
Books
Video Games
Events
MediaRecent Movie Videos
Movie Trailers
Movie Clips
Recent Music Videos
Music Videos
Lyric Videos
Recent Game Videos
Game Trailers
Game Walkthroughs
Recent TV Videos
TV Clips
Award Shows
Recent Book Videos
Commercials
Other Videos
Recent Movie Images
Recent Music Images
Recent Game Images
BlogLee's Comic Blog
Happy Hunger Games
Weekend Wrap-Up
Get it Right
Everything Wrong
Box Office Ramble
Pandora's Blog
Truth in Advertising
Matt's Blog
Ryan's Blog
Peter's Blog
Tara's Blog
Half Brothers(Grade: C)Review
SFInfo
Privacy Policy
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEB SITE OR ANY DIVID ENTERTAINMENT FORUM.
This Privacy Statement is applicable to all Shakefire.com Multimedia & Interactive Publicity ("Shakefire") Web sites and other sites on the Internet and World Wide Web owned and operated by Divid Entertainment (the "Divid Entertainment Sites"), and all services provided thereon, including all Shakefire.com Forums (collectively, unless noted otherwise, the "Services") and any sponsors of any contest or promotion. Shakefire.com respects the privacy concerns of all users of the Services. Shakefire.com also recognizes the valuable potential of technology to help people communicate with the companies whose Web sites they visit, particularly through customer databases. Responsible use of the information you share with Shakefire.com is paramount. In order to help you understand how the information you provide Shakefire.com will be used, the following guidelines have been created.
Your Privacy
At Shakefire.com, we are committed to protecting your privacy.
While visiting the Shakefire.com site you may be asked to provide information that personally identifies you (name, address, billing address, email address, home telephone number, mobile telephone number, credit card number and social security number).
The following are sample areas in the Shakefire.com’s site where we request personal information:
Job Inquires with DiViD Entertainment, Inc.
Shakefire.com Club Inquiries
Customer Feedback
Contest Entry
Subscription to Informational E-mail service
Request Information about Shakefire.com
The information that we collect is on a voluntary basis.
You may choose not to provide personal information and you still will be able to visit most of the Shakefire.com site.
However, you will not be able to complete the activities listed above using the web site without providing us the required personally identifiable information.
Please read on for more detail about our privacy policy.
What information do we collect? How do we use it?
The personal information that we collect varies depending on the activity you wish to conduct on the web.
We will need more information for job inquiries, Club Inquiries and contest submission than we require for customer feedback, information request and e-mail subscriptions.
When you enter a contest or other promotional feature, we may ask for your name, address and e-mail address so we can administer the contest and notify winners. If you have not opted out of receiving marketing materials, we may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about important functionality changes to the website, new Shakefire.com services and special offers we think you'll find valuable.
You can choose not to allow us to use your personal information for direct marketing purposes by indicating your preference at the time of collection or by responding to the promotional e-mail in the manner provided.
In certain circumstances, consent may be sought after the information has been collected but before use (for example, when we want to use information for a purpose not previously identified).
Will Shakefire.com disclose the information it collects to outside parties?
Presently, Shakefire.com does not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others. Shakefire.com may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third-party vendors, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information.
Other instances in which we may need to disclose personal information include:
when required by law to comply with a judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on us;
to enforce our policies or agreements including the collection of amounts owed to us;
to protect users of our site(s) and our site(s) from fraudulent or abusive use.
We also reserve the right to disclose or transfer personal information to a third party in the event of a proposed or actual purchase, sale, lease, merger or any other type of acquisition, disposal or financing of all or any portion of Shakefire.com, ShakefireKids.com or any portion of DiViD Entertainment.
Children Under the Age of 13
While we are happy to have you visit the Shakefire.com web site with your children, the Shakefire.com site is a general audience site and is not designed nor intended to collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
If you would like to enroll your child, age 10 or younger, in the ShakefireKids.com newsletter or events, please print the form from the web site and mail it to the address listed on the form.
Changes to Your Personal Information
We currently do not have a process where you can review the personal information that we have on file.
However, if you have a change in personal information and would like to update our information, please contact the appropriate department, if known, or email us at privacy@shakefire.com
Links to Other Sites
We may provide links to third party sites on our web site.
We are not responsible for the content or information collection practices of those other sites.
The privacy policy of other sites may differ from Shakefire.com's privacy policy.
Please read the privacy policy of any third party web site before providing any personal information.
Your Consent
By using our website and submitting the personal information requested, you consent to the collection and use of this information in the manner described in this policy by Shakefire.com. Shakefire.com reserves the right to change its policy in this regard at any time in the future. In the event Shakefire.com does change its policy, a notification of such change will be posted on the website so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
PLEASE READ OUR CONTEST RULES HERE.
Effective Date: 11/11/04
Last Updated: 10/27/05
Report a bug
Sitemap
Advertise
Contact
Jobs
Privacy
Contest Rules
Staff
Trademark Guidelines
Reposting Guidelines
History/Statement
Partners
© 1995 — 2020 Shakefire, LLC. All Rights Reserved.Shakefire.com, Shakefire, Six/One, Divid Entertainment, the horizon logo, Blueprint, the Blueprint logo are all trademark Shakefire, LLC.Certain media is copyright respective owners.