http://www.bagbliss.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Boutiques +
Neiman Marcus
Saks Fifth Avenue
ShopBop
Net-a-Porter
LuisaViaRoma
My Theresa
Forzieri
Rebecca Minkoff
Coach
Tory Burch
See All Our Friends! +
Bags +
Clutches
Crossbody
Handbags
Totes
Bag Trend Alert
Designers +
3.1 Phillip Lim
Alexander McQueen
Balenciaga
Botkier
Burberry
Chanel
Coach
Christian Dior
Dolce & Gabbana
Fendi
Foley + Corinna
Gucci
Hermes
Louis Vuitton
Marc by Marc Jacobs
Marc Jacobs
Michael Kors
Miu Miu
Prada
Proenza Schouler
Rebecca Minkoff
Saint Lauren Paris
Valentino
Get The Full List +
Our Network +
BagBliss
The Fashion Row
The Bag Forum
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Statement for BagBliss.com
We can be reached via e-mail at jennifer@bagbliss.com
or you can reach us by telephone at 206-384-9448
We do not share personal information with third-parties nor do we store information we collect about your visit to this blog for use other than to analyze content performance through the use of cookies, which you can turn off at anytime by modifying your Internet browser’s settings. We are not responsible for the republishing of the content found on this blog on other Web sites or media without our permission. This privacy policy is subject to change without notice.
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who post messages to our bulletin board, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with usÂ via e-mail, the e-mail addresses of those who make postings to ourÂ chat areas, aggregate information on what pages readers access orÂ visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as surveyÂ information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used for internal review and is thenÂ discarded, used to improve the content of our Web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individualÂ visitor, used to notify readers about updates to our Web site.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences,Â ensure that visitors are not repeatedly sent the same banner ads.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please letÂ us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
With respect to Ad Servers: To try and bring you offers that are ofÂ interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit to ourÂ site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domainÂ type, your IP address and clickstream information.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new,Â unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we willÂ post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changesÂ and we will use for these new purposes only data collected from theÂ time of the policy change forward. If you are concerned about how yourÂ information is used, you should check back at our Web siteÂ periodically.
Share
Tweet
No Comments
Leave a reply Cancel reply
Name *
Email *
Website
Home
Home
Home
About Bag Bliss
Privacy Policy
Contact Bag Bliss
© 2013 Bag Bliss. All rights reserved.