http://www.jimconte.com/terms
Statements of Copyright, Terms of Use and Privacy
Skip to main content
Statements of Copyright, Terms of Use and Privacy
Toggle navigation
Jim Conte
Blog
Art
Gallery
Drawing
Painting
Illustration
Book Illustration
Editorial Illustration
Sketchbook
Sketch a Day
Art Sketchbook
Contact
About
The Site
Jim Conte maintains this site (the "Site") for your personal entertainment, information, education, and communication. Please feel free to browse the Site. You may download material displayed on the Site for non-commercial, personal use only provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. You may not, however, distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, re post, or use the content of the Site for public or commercial purposes, including the text, source code, text contained within the source code, images, audio, flash presentations, and video without Jim Conte's express written permission which written permission may be withheld for any reason at the sole discretion of Jim Conte.
Your access to and use of the Site is also subject to the following terms of use ("Terms of Use") and all applicable laws. By accessing and browsing the Site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the Terms of Use and acknowledge that any other agreements between you and Jim Conte are superseded and of no force or effect.
Terms of Use
Your use of and browsing in the Site are at your own risk. Neither Jim Conte nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the Site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the Site. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the Site is provided to you "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON INFRINGEMENT. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. Check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties. Jim Conte also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from the Site.
Copyright Notice
You should assume that everything you see or read on the Site is copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be used except as provided in these Terms of Use or in the text on the Site without the written permission of Jim Conte. Jim Conte neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on the Site will not infringe rights of third parties.
Privacy Notice
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
When you visit the Site, the following information is automatically collected and stored:
The name of the Internet domain and the IP address of the machine from which you access the Site
The type of browser and operating system used to access the Site
The date and time you access the Site
The Internet address of the Web site from which you linked directly to the Site
The pages you visit and the information you request
This information is collected by the logging system of the web server running the Site, and is in accordance with normal industry practices. This logging software has not been altered in any way to collect any information not normally collected in the regular operation of hosting a web site. This information is primarily collected for statistical analysis and technical improvements to the Site. The hosting server uses software programs to create summary statistics, which may be used for such purposes as assessing what information is of most and least interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas. This information is never shared with 3rd parties at any time for any reason.
If You Send Personal Information
Remember that e-mail is not necessarily secure against interception. Any communication or material you transmit directly to the Site through the use of forms or links contained on the Site, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like is, and will be treated as, nonconfidential and non-proprietary. Anything you transmit by email to Jim Conte through the use of forms or links contained on the Site may be used by Jim Conte for any purpose, including, but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting. Furthermore, Jim Conte is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to him through the use of forms or links contained on the Site for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such information.
Communications to Jim Conte outside of transmission through the use of forms or links contained on the Site are NOT considered under this statement. Any messages or materials sent through email or otherwise directly to Jim Conte outside the use of forms or links contained on the Site will be treated as personal, proprietary and confidential.
COPPA
The forms on the Site are not intended for, and are not used for, the collection of information from children under the age of 14. Should the information sent from the use of forms on the Site be determined to be from a child under the age of 14, the information will not be stored or shared with any 3rd parties for any reason.
Cookies
"Cookies" are small bits of text that are either used for the duration of a session ("session cookies"), or saved on a user's hard drive in order to identify that user, or information about that user, the next time the user logs on to a Web site ("persistent cookies"). The Site uses persistent cookies to store the following information:
Date of first visit
Your browser version
Your browser's ability to load media
Your browser's display abilities
This information is stored for the purpose of providing a streamlined navigation system which takes advantage of your browser's capabilities, and is never shared with 3rd parties at any time for any reason.
Intellectual Property
Images of artwork or web design or photos of people or places and all text displayed and contained in the source code and all source code on the Site are the property of, and are copyrighted by Jim Conte. The use of these images or text or source code by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms of Use and nothing contained in the Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use any image or text displayed on the Site without the written permission of Jim Conte. Any unauthorized use of the images or text or source code may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes, and is strictly prohibited. You are also advised that Jim Conte intends to enforce his intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including the seeking of criminal prosecution.
Links
Jim Conte has not reviewed all of the sites linked to the Site and is not responsible for the content of any off-site pages or any other sites linked to the Site. Your linking to any other off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk.
Revision
Jim Conte may at any time revise these Terms and Conditions by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current Terms and Conditions.
Statements of Copyright, Terms of Use and Privacy Last updated November 7th, 2016
Home
Blog
Art
Contact
About
Privacy
Terms
© Copyright Jim Conte
×
Ok