http://www.dancespots.net/site/terms-of-use.asp
DanceSpots
Home
Help
Login
Add Listing
DanceSpots.com™ Terms of Use
APRIL 24, 2006
When you use any service within DanceSpots.com.com™ (the "Service"), you agree to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
This document forms an agreement between you and DanceSpots.com.com. Please read this Agreement carefully.
If you do not agree to the terms and conditions, you may not use the Service. By using the Service you are agreeing to be bound by this Agreement, including all amendments.
Agreement
This Agreement constitutes your agreement with DanceSpots.com.com™ with respect to your use of the Service. You must agree to abide by all of the terms and conditions
in this Agreement in order to use the Service. In this Agreement, "we" and "us" shall mean DanceSpots.com.com™ or
its successor or assignee.
Right to Use
Your right to use the Service is subject to
limitations, conditions and restrictions established by us from time to time, in our sole discretion. We may alter, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the Service at any time, including the availability of any Service feature or database content. We may also impose limits on our Service or restrict your access to parts or all of the Service without notice or liability.
Code of Conduct
You agree to use the Service in accordance with the following Code of Conduct:
you will not
post
other's personal contact information in your account profile, including, but not limited to, last names, addresses, e-mail addresses, telephone numbers, fax numbers, instant messenger IDs,
web
URLs.
you will not use the Service for any
purpose outside of the intended purpose of this site which is advertsing yourself as a dance teacher or dance venue, or vewiing dance teachers or dance venues.
you will not use the Service to engage in any form of harassment or offensive behavior, including, but not limited to, communicating anything which contain libelous, slanderous, abusive or defamatory statements, or racist, pornographic, obscene, or offensive language;
all information provided to you via the Service shall be treated as confidential and you agree not
give such information to anyone without the permission of the person who provided it to you;
you will not use the Service to infringe the privacy rights, property rights, or any other rights of any person;
you will not use the Service in any way which:
violates, plagiarizes or infringes upon the rights of any third party, including but not limited to any copyright or trade-mark law, privacy or other personal or proprietary rights, or
is fraudulent or otherwise unlawful or violates any law;
you will not forward chain letters through the Service;
you will not use the Service to distribute or up load any virus, trojan horses or do anything else that might cause harm to the Service, DanceSpots.com.com™ systems, or others' systems in any way.
Fees and Payments
Certain features of the Service
may be purchased via either a (1) one time
or (2) recurring
subscription. Recurring subscriptions auto-renew at the designated intervals at specified rates; one-time subscriptions do not recur.
You may cancel a recurring subscription at any time prior to its renewal date. Cancellation has the effect of canceling automatic renewals only. Your full membership remains active for the duration of the already purchased period. There are no refunds for partial use.
If you no longer have WEB access, you may cancel by E-mail or FAX, providing you: (1) notify us at least two days prior to your Renewal Date, and (2) include your DanceSpots.com.com username (or member number) and password. Submit to support@DanceSpots.com.com or FAX 650-276-7145 (US). No refunds will be given for late or incomplete cancellation requests.
If your usage of the Service is terminated because of a breach of this Agreement or if it is terminated for any reason, any unused usage is automatically and immediately forfeited.
You agree to pay or have paid all fees and charges incurred in connection with your full membership with the Service (including any applicable taxes) at the rates in effect when the charges were incurred. All fees and charges are non refundable. You also are responsible for any fees or charges incurred to access the Service through an Internet access provider or other third party service, including but not limited to telephone charges. YOU, AND NOT WE, ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR PAYING ANY AMOUNTS BILLED TO YOUR CREDIT CARD BY A THIRD PARTY, WHICH WERE NOT AUTHORIZED BY YOU.
Privacy and Use of Information
You
also agree to our Privacy Policy. You acknowledge that (a) we cannot ensure the security or privacy of information you provide through the Internet and your email messages, and you release us from any and all liability in connection with the use of such information by other parties; (b) we are not responsible for, and cannot control, the use by others of any information which you provide to them and you should use caution in selecting the personal information you provide to others through the Service; and (c) we cannot assume any responsibility for the content of messages sent by other users of the Service, and you release us from any and all liability in connection with the contents of any communications you may receive from other users. We cannot guarantee, and assume no responsibility for verifying, the accuracy of the information provided by other users of the Service.
You may not use the Service for any unlawful purpose. We may refuse to grant you a Username that impersonates someone else, is protected by trade-mark or proprietary law, or is vulgar or otherwise offensive, as determined by us in our sole discretion.
Monitoring
We reserve the right to monitor
all content to ensure that it conforms to
applicable guidelines.
Removal of Information
While we do not and cannot review every message or other material posted or sent by users of the Service, and are not responsible for any content of these messages or materials, we reserve the right, but are not obligated, to delete, move, or edit messages or materials, including without limitation profiles, public postings and messages, that we, in our sole discretion, deem to violate the Code of Conduct, any applicable content guidelines, or to be otherwise unacceptable. You shall remain solely responsible for the content of profiles, public postings, messages and other materials you may upload to the Service or users of the Service.
Termination of Access to Service
We may, in our sole discretion, terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the Service at any time, with or without notice, for any reason, including, without limitation, breach of this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any fraudulent, abusive, or otherwise illegal activity, or that may otherwise affect the enjoyment of the Service or the Internet by others may be grounds for termination of your access to all or part of the Service at our sole discretion, and you may be referred to appropriate law enforcement agencies.
Proprietary Information
The Service contains proprietary information. We assert full copyright protection in the Service. Information posted by us, our partners or users of the Service may be protected whether or not it is identified as proprietary to us or to them. You agree not to modify, copy or distribute any such information in any manner whatsoever without having first received the express permission of the owner of such information.
No Responsibility
You acknowledge that we are not responsible for suspension of the Service, regardless of the cause of the interruption or suspension. Any claim against us shall be limited to the amount you paid, if any, for use of the Service during the previous 12 months. We may discontinue or change the Service or its availability to you at any time, and you may stop using the Service at any time.
Security
Your account is private and should not be used by anyone else.
You are responsible for all usage or activity on the Service by users using your password, including but not limited to use of your password by any third party.
External Links
The Service may from time to time contain links to other Internet sites and resources ("External Links"). You acknowledge that we are not responsible for, and have no liability as a result of, the availability of External Links or their contents. We suggest that you review the terms of use and privacy statement of such External Links prior to use of them.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify us, our officers, directors, employees and agents, from any loss or damages, including without limitation reasonable legal fees, which we may suffer from your activities on or use of the Service, including without limitation any breach by you of this Agreement or any charges or complaints made by other parties against you. You shall cooperate as fully as reasonably required in the defense of any claim. We reserve the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you; provided, however, that you shall remain liable for any such claim.
No Warranties
The Service is distributed on an "as is" basis. We do not warrant that this Service will be uninterrupted or error-free. There may be delays, omissions, and interruptions in the availability of the Service. Where permitted by law, you acknowledge that the Service is provided without any warranties of any kind whatsoever, either express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. You acknowledge that use of the Service is at your own risk. We do not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any member profile, advice, opinion, statement or other information displayed, uploaded or distributed through the Service by DanceSpots.com.com™, our partners or any user of the Service or any other person or entity. You acknowledge that any reliance upon any such opinion, member profile, advice, statement or information shall be at your sole risk.
We do not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any advice, opinion, statement or other information displayed, uploaded or distributed through the Service by DanceSpots.com.com™ or any user of the Service or any other service. Your continued use of the Service now, or following the posting of notice of any changes in this Agreement, will constitute a binding acceptance by you of this Agreement, or any subsequent modifications.
Advice
The Service
may include various advice on relationships. Any such advice is provided for entertainment purposes only, and are not intended, and should not be taken, as specific advice in any particular circumstance.
Modifications
We may modify this Agreement from time to time. Notification of changes in this Agreement will be posted on the Service or sent via electronic mail, as we may determine in our sole discretion. If you do not agree to any modifications, you should terminate your use of the Service. Your continued use of the Service now, or following the posting of notice of any changes in this Agreement, will constitute a binding acceptance by you of this Agreement, or any subsequent modifications.
Disclosure and
Communication
We reserve the right to notify you via
e-mail to inform you about your account or changes
to the Service. We reserve the right to disclose information about your usage of the Service and demographics in a way that does not reveal your personal identity.
And by your use of the Service, you consent to such disclosures and communications subject to the terms of our Privacy Policy.
Governing Law
This Agreement is entered into in Mountain View, California USA. You agree that it will be governed by, the laws of the State of California and that venue for any disputes arising out of this Agreement shall be subject to the courts of California and the applicable federal courts . If any provision in this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect. This Agreement will not be governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. Les parties acceptent d'un commun accord que la presente entente soit redigee en anglais.
THE PARTIES SPECIFICALLY AGREE THAT THE PERFORMANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT, IN ALL ITS ASPECTS, DOES NOT TAKE PLACE OUTSIDE THE JURISDICTION OF CALIFORNIA.
Assignment
You may not assign this Agreement or any of your rights to the Service to anyone. DanceSpots.com.com™ may assign some or all of its rights and obligations under this Agreement or to the Service to any third party. If DanceSpots.com.com™'s obligations hereunder are assumed by a third party, DanceSpots.com.com™ shall be relieved from any and all liability under this Agreement.
Adult
You represent, warrant and covenant that you are at least 18 years old and have full right to enter into this Agreement.
Copyright © 2006 DanceSpots.com.com™. All rights reserved.