https://www.littlekidsrock.org/privacy-policy/
LEGAL
Donor Privacy Policy
Little Kids Rock (LKR) maintains the highest level of respect for the privacy of its donors. We value our philanthropic partners, donors, volunteers and friends of the organization (hereafter referred to collectively as our “supporters”) and take their privacy seriously. We respect the privacy of personal and organizational information we are privileged to have about our supporters.
Our commitment to respect our supporters’ privacy extends to how we obtain, use, protect, and share information about them, both online and offline. This privacy policy is intended to be applied in conjunction with related Little Kids Rock policies, including, but not limited to, the Donor Bill of Rights.
We will not share or sell our supporters’ personal information with anyone else.
We will not contact our supporters on behalf of other organizations.
We will only disclose personal information once the supporter has given Little Kids Rock specific permission to do so for purposes of referral, testimonial, example, recognition, or publicity.
This policy may be updated from time to time, as we are alerted to circumstances that may impel us to greater diligence to protect both your rights to privacy and the relationship you have with Little Kids Rock.
What information we collect:
Little Kids Rock collects and uses various personal information from supporters, which can include:
name, address(es), telephone number(s), e-mail address(es), names of beneficiaries, nature and value of estates, amounts and sources of investments, provisions or gifts, trade secrets, proprietary information and supporter comments.
How we use that information:
Contact Information
Little Kids Rock will use supporters’ name, postal address and/or email address information for the following purposes only:
Thanking supporters for their investments, provisions or gifts, and distributing receipts to supporters
Informing supporters about Little Kids Rock projects and events
Conducting internal analysis of Little Kids Rock fundraising and maintaining donation records, in accordance with requirements set forth by Federal and State tax laws
Reporting to relevant U.S. and State agencies (these reports are not for public inspection)
Contacting supporters about changes to this policy
All Other Information
All access to supporters’ information concerning names of beneficiaries, nature and value of estates, amounts and sources of investments, provisions or gifts, trade secrets, proprietary information and supporter comments is strictly limited to professional staff who need to process those data for Little Kids Rock’s financial and organizational records. No such data will be given to any person, organization or group who does not need to access those data, unless the supporter specifically gives permission to do so.
Little Kids Rock uses online payment processing services with world class security and strong reputations. Little Kids Rock does not store, nor does it have access to, supporters’ credit card information, bank account numbers, or other account data sent to those processing services.
Further, we contractually require any person or organization providing financial services to Little Kids Rock to keep and protect the confidentiality of supporter information.
Assurances of Privacy Controls
Little Kids Rock has procedures in place to limit access to information to only employees and volunteers who need to know such information in order to fulfill our mission.
We educate our employees and volunteers on the importance of protecting the privacy and security of confidential, personal and organizational information.
We will use our best efforts to comply with expressed wishes of any supporter who:
does not want to be recognized in published supporter acknowledgement lists or credited in any promotional material;
requests to be removed from our mailing lists for newsletters, promotions or fundraising;
wishes to remain anonymous in their giving and/or volunteer service to the mission of Little Kids Rock.
Contact us : If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or if you wish to be removed from our e-mail and/or postal contact lists, then please email info@littlekidsrock.org or write to:
Little Kids Rock
271 Grove Ave., Bldg E2
Verona, NJ 07044
USA
End User Privacy Policy
Legal MenuDonor Privacy Policy
Nondiscrimination Policy
Donor Bill of Rights
Financial Statements
Code of Conduct
Refund Policy
Terms & Conditions
IRS Determination 501(c)(3) Letter
Conflict of Interest Policy
Articles of Incorporation
Amended and Restated Bylaws