https://www.hammershoi.co.uk/privacy-and-security/
Menu
Buy Prints
Biography
Carl Holsoe
About & Contact Us
Gallery
News
Privacy and Security
Privacy
At hammershoi.co.uk , respecting your privacy is very important to us:
Personal information
hammershoi.co.uk does not collect any sensitive personal information from users of this site other than the standard information contained in server logs, for example an IP address and that information needed to process orders and enquiries on the site. hammershoi.co.uk has a number of security measures in place to protect our service being used incorrectly. However, perfect security on the Internet does not exist, and hammershoi.co.uk does not warrant that our site is invulnerable to hackers. This website does not store or capture personal information (unless the user has submitted an order or enquiry), but merely logs the user’s IP address which is automatically recognised by the web server.
If you register to receive updates, or enter your personal details into one of our enquiry forms on this website or order from us, your information will be held on a secure server and the data will not be shared with any outside organisations. It will be used only to email updates on the information you have requested, or post this information to your address. This privacy statement only covers our website. This privacy statement does not cover other websites linked from this domain.
Due to the ordering process certain information given by you at the time of ordering is collected, we do not disclose any customer information to any third parties. The information is used only for the purpose of processing your request and to communicate with you on any matters relating to the transaction. Information and statistics may also be used for the purpose of monitoring site usage. These statistics will not include any information that can be used to identify any individual. Cookies are used on this shopping site to keep track of the contents of your shopping cart once you have selected an item. If you have any concerns regarding the privacy of this site please contact us using our contact form. All the personal information that you provide, for example name, address and credit/debit card number are used solely to process the transaction. We do not provide or trade your information to any third party. Certain links in this site (typically a banner advert or icon) will lead to sites, which are not under the control of hammershoi.co.uk. When you activate any of these you will leave the hammershoi.co.uk site and hammershoi.co.uk has no control over and will accept no responsibility or liability for the material on any site, which is not under the control of hammershoi.co.uk.
Cookies
When you visit the hammershoi.co.uk site, we send your computer a cookie, which is a tiny file that resides on your computer and contains non-personally identifiable information about the user. These allow our web site to be a more engaging experience for the user.
The site uses cookies for collecting user information; it does not collect any information about you except that required for system administration of the website. These cookies are pieces of data created when you visit a site, and contain a unique, anonymous number. They are stored in the cookie directory of your hard drive, and do not expire at the end of your session.
Cookies used in this site are:
Google Analytics – to measure website usage
Google Ads
Addthis.com – bookmarking and sharing across social media
Twitter.com – to allow posts to Twitter
Facebook.com – to allow posts to Facebook
Please be aware that the hammershoi.co.uk web site could contain links to other sites which will have their own privacy policies and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We recommend that our users read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally information.
Changes to the hammershoi.co.uk privacy policy
hammershoi.co.uk reserves the right to change our privacy policy. However we will not do so without putting the changes on the hammershoi.co.uk website. If you have any questions about the hammershoi.co.uk privacy policy or queries about personal information please contact us at info@arenacreations.co.uk
Data Collection
Data from all forms is emailed to the website administrator and is also held in a database.
Security
An SSL Server Certificate following TLS 1.2 (Transport Layer Security) protocol is installed on the website.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and Your Rights
The GDPR provides the following rights for individuals:
The right to be informed, of access, to rectification, to erasure, to restrict processing, to data portability and to object. Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling.For further information on these rights, including how and when they apply, please contact us or refer to Guide to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) as provided by the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO).
Blog
Welcome to the website
Visit Montague Street
National Gallery Hammershoi Painting
Customer Help
FAQ
Privacy and Security
Terms and Conditions
About Us
Basket
© 2019 All Rights Reserved.
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thank you