http://www.artsclub.com/privacy-policy
In accordance with the latest order from the BC Ministry of Health, the Arts Club has cancelled all live performances scheduled through January, or until further notice. If you are a ticketholder for any live performance in this period, you will be contacted soon with your ticketing options.
As our call centre is closed, we are unable to accept incoming calls; for assistance, email boxoffice@artsclub.com. Thank you for your patience and support as we respond to your inquiries.
Privacy & Security Policy
The Arts Club Theatre Company collects personal patron information in the course of supporting our mission and completing business transactions. We understand that your personal information and privacy is important to you. We make every effort to ensure that the information you share with us is recorded accurately, retained securely, and used only according to your wishes as you have communicated them to us.
The Arts Club recognizes the right of individuals to protect their personal information and to gain access to the information gathered.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
The Arts Club collects personal patron information (such as address, ticket or donation history) only from ticket buyers, donors, and individuals who have actively shown or are likely to show an interest in the Arts Club. We often have more detailed information from patrons who have been dedicated and long-term supporters of the Arts Club, for example seating preference, the names of members of their family, business addresses, and special interests.
INFORMATION USE AND RETENTION
The Arts Club uses personal patron information to support its mission, conduct business with patrons, communicate with patrons, anticipate and respond to patron preferences, develop new programs, and meet legal and regulatory requirements. Personal information will be used only for the purposes for which it was collected, or with the consent of the individual, or as required or allowed by law. We may also share your personal information with third party service providers as necessary for them to provide services on our behalf. Some service providers may be located outside of Canada where personal information may be subject to the laws of those jurisdictions.
The Arts Club does not sell, rent, or trade personal patron information to any commercial businesses. Occasionally, we trade our mailing lists with other like-minded not-for-profit arts organizations.
Personal patron information will be retained and disposed of in a manner which provides security against unauthorized access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification, disposal, or similar risks. Only authorized Arts Club personnel have access to this information. Personal information will be retained only so long as necessary to fulfill the uses stated above or as required by law.
The Arts Club uses YouTube API Services (Google Privacy Policy, http://www.google.com/policies/privacy) and by using this site, you are agreeing to be bound by the YouTube Terms of Service: https://www.youtube.com/t/terms.
CONSENT TO COLLECT INFORMATION
Consent for the collection, retention, and use of personal patron information is implicit when patrons provide such information. Patrons have the right to provide only the personal information reasonably required to conduct their chosen transaction with the Arts Club.
Patrons may at any time limit or alter their consent for the Arts Club to collect, use, or retain personal information. Patrons may also review and correct their personal information at any time.
ACCOUNTABILITY
Patrons may direct inquiries regarding changes to their personal information, consent, or this policy by mail:
Arts Club Theatre Company
BMO Theatre Centre
203 – 162 West 1st Avenue
Vancouver, BC V5Y 0H6
Email: privacy@artsclub.com
Phone: 604.687.5315
WEBSITE SECURITY
The Arts Club Theatre Company's website is housed on secure servers to ensure that every transaction you make on our website will be secure.
We keep your personal information protected through the use of industry leading encryption technology. We do this with the protocol known as Secure Sockets Layer or SSL. It works with your browser by encrypting the transmitted data in a way that makes it virtually undecodable. This website is secured using a Digital Certificate. This ensures that all information you send to us via the World Wide Web will be encrypted.
IP ADDRESS USE
IP Address: An Internet Protocol (IP) address is a unique string of numbers that is assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider. Web servers automatically identify your computer by its IP address. We will use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Site. Your IP address also may be used to gather broad demographic information.
COOKIES
Our websites artsclub.com and secure.artsclub.com use browser cookies in order to conduct online transactions.
A "cookie" is a text file, invoked by standard browser software, that we place on your hard drive to enable our systems to recognize your browser, track transactions, and allow you to navigate our websites without having to re-enter information. We may also automatically receive and store certain other types of information, such as the type of web browser you use or the pages you link to from Arts Club websites. We do not use cookies to store personal information or to disclose information to third parties.
You can easily erase cookies from your computer or mobile device using your browser. For instructions on how to handle and delete cookies, please look under "Help" in your browser. You can also choose to disable cookies, or to receive a notification each time a new cookie is sent to your computer or mobile device. Please note that if you choose to disable cookies, you will not be able to take advantage of all our features.
We also use third party cookies (such as DoubleClick) to run Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. These cookies gather website visitor data (such as age, gender, and interests) to optimize website content and marketing and do not collect any personally identifiable information. You may opt out of this data collection at any time through Google Ad Settings (https://www.google.com/settings/ads).
ARE YOU ON A SECURE CONNECTION?
The easiest way to tell whether or not you are in a secure area is to look in the lower frame of your browser for the little lock symbol.
Another way to know if you are in a secure area is to check the URL in your browser's address bar. You will notice that the address to the left of the colon changes from “http” to “https” when you’re on a secure connection.
If you would like further information, feel free to contact us at support@artsclub.com.
Support Us
Your gift has a direct impact on theatre education initiatives, new play development, and the work you see onstage.
Donate Now
TOP