https://www.pbt.org/privacy-policy/
Pittsburgh Ballet TheatreLeft ArrowRight ArrowCloseExpand
Skip to content
Menu
Contact/Location
Performances & Tickets
2020-2021 Season
The Nutcracker
Cinderella with the PBT Orchestra
BNY Mellon Presents Here & Now
Modern Masters
Alice in Wonderland
Sensory-friendly
Accessibility
Digital Content
PBT Dances from Home
Dance the Story at Home!
PBT Connects
A Midsummer Night’s Dream at Hartwood Acres
Get the Best Value
Subscriptions
Renew Your Subscription
Platinum Subscriber Program
Groups
University Discounts
Student Matinees
Gift Certificates
The Company
Artistic
Dancers
Artistic Team
PBT Orchestra
Costumes & Scenery
Production Rentals
Repertoire
About Us
Our Mission
Executive Team
Administration
Board of Directors
History
Timeline
Careers & Auditions
UPMC Team
PBT School
School-Year Programs
Children’s Division
Student Division
Pre-professional Division
Adaptive Dance
Summer Programs
Children’s Division Summer
Student Division Summer
Junior Intensive Program
Intensive Summer Program
Company Experience
Admissions
Children’s Division Registration
Student Division Placement
Video Audition
Community Division
Community Division Classes
Pilates & Conditioning Studio
Dance for Parkinson’s
Mindful Movement
Workshops
Information
Faculty
Alumni
Byham Center for Dance
Housing
Youth Scholarship Program
Calendar
Make Tuition Payments
Contact
Support
Ways to Give
Donate Now
Become an Advocate
Corporate & Foundation Partners
Volunteer
Encore
Keep Us Dancing
Live Music Appeal
Community Youth Scholarship Program
Special Events
Fireside Nutcracker
A Midsummer Night’s Dream at Hartwood Acres
Learn More
Annual Report
Meet Our Donors
Learn & Engage
Programs For Schools
Student Matinees
PBT in Your Classroom
PBT in Pittsburgh Public Schools
Resources for Educators
PBT in the Community
Community Youth Scholarship Program
Programs & Classes
Programs for Scouts
PBT Kids
Dance the Story at Home!
Resources for Audience Members
Audience Guides
PBT Connects
Audio Description
Ballet 101
What is Ballet?
A Brief History of Ballet
The Point of Pointe Shoes
Basic Ballet Positions
Ballet Vocabulary
Seeing a Performance
Home
Digital Content
Gallery
Blog
Contact
Buy Tickets
Donate
Pittsburgh Ballet Theatre
2900 Liberty Avenue
Pittsburgh, PA 15201-1500
(412) 281-0360
inquiry@pittsburghballet.org
COMMUNICATION AND PRIVACY POLICY
The Pittsburgh Ballet Theatre provides this website, electronic information and electronic communications (such as electronic mail) for the education and information purposes only. While we strive to provide accurate information at all times, we cannot guarantee that all information presented on this website and in electronic communications is completely accurate. Please contact the Pittsburgh Ballet Theatre or the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust box office for all of the latest performance and other service information.
The use of this website and our electronic communications services is governed by the policies below.
Copyright
All text, graphics, logos, icons, images, audio, data and software, together with all other content the property of the Pittsburgh Ballet Theatre, unless otherwise attributed. The content is protected by the copyright laws of the United States.
Unless specifically stated on the website or in an electronic mail link, you may not copy, download or reproduce, even for free, any element of this website or our electronic communications, unless you secure our written permission, in advance.
Trademarks
Pittsburgh Ballet Theatre Pittsburgh Ballet Theatre School, PBT, Byham Center for Dance and Byham House, together with associated logos and graphic treatments are trademarks of the Pittsburgh Ballet Theatre. You may not use these trademarks, even for free distribution, without first securing our written permission, in advance.
License for Use of the Website
You are permitted to make personal use of this website only. You may not download (other than as specifically permitted by its operation) this website in whole or in party or modify it in any way. You may not employ any data mining, robots, or other data extraction methods on this website or our electronic communications. You may not frame or incorporate this website content on or within any other website, or link to it in any electronic communication without prior written permission. You may save this web address as a bookmark for personal use. You may not use any metatags or register this web address or Pittsburgh Ballet Theatre as a search keyword without our prior written consent.
The Pittsburgh Ballet Theatre reserves the right to block access or refuse services to anyone violating this policy or for any other reason.
We may provide links to or advertisements for third party products, services or websites. The Pittsburgh Ballet Theatre is not responsible for the accuracy or quality of any third party products, services or web materials and does not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, products, services or content of any third party.
Pittsburgh Ballet Theatre cooperates with the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust for the online sale of tickets to performances, Square, Inc and Authorize.net for the online sale of merchandise and Mindbody for school class scheduling information. All purchases of tickets and merchandise, as well as all scheduling and availability information is solely provided by these organizations and the Pittsburgh Ballet Theatre is not responsible for the accuracy or availability of information or any services provided by them.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
THIS WEBSITE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. THE PITTSBURGH BALLET THEATRE MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THIS WEBSITE OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THIS WEBSITE. YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
THE PITTSBURGH BALLET THEATRE DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THIS WEBSITE IS NOT AND WILL NOT BE ERROR FREE OR AVAILABLE AT ALL TIMES. THE PITTSBURGH BALLET THEATRE DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS WEBSITE OR ANY ELECTRONIC MAIL OR OTHER COMMUNICATION WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS WEBSITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND/OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
Attendance Policies
Everyone attending a performance must have a ticket to enter and must occupy their own seat, regardless of age.
PRIVACY POLICY
We share your concern about how your personal information is used and distributed. Our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of information which you provide to us is described below. When you access or use the website, our electronic communications or purchase any products or services, you agree to the terms and conditions of this policy.
We have established reasonable controls to ensure that your information remains secure against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, or breach.
Collection of Information
The information you provide to use through this website and subscription to our electronic communications helps us continually improve your experience at our website. This policy identifies what we do with that information. You should know that with respect to name and contact information that you provide directly to us (and not credit card or other payment information provided to our sales vendors) we store that information. It is your choice to provide this information to us. We use this information to respond to requests, provide offers for you, and communicating with you.
We may collect information about your visits to our website, including (i) the network or other electronic address (IP address) used to identify your computer on the Internet; (ii) your browser components and version; (iii) geographic region; and computer platform data. We may also collect social media data.
We may use cookies during your visit to our website. A cookie is software information which is used to track usage of our website while you are visiting. These cookies enable us to track and target the interest of our users to enhance the experience on our site. You have the option of rejecting cookies through your browser settings. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but some features on the site will not function properly.
We will do our best to protect your personal information but cannot guarantee the security of information transmitted to or from our website, which is at your own risk.
Use of Information
We use your information for many internal purposes, including responding to your inquiries and fulfilling your requests. We use this information to personalize and enhance your experience on our website and improve electronic communications, including for marketing analysis. We also use this information to send information to you, such as schedules and upcoming performance information. We may use this information to enhance or support our data security platform to protect the information from loss, breach, damage or theft. Finally, we use the information to
fulfill your purchases and class registrations. As described below, we do not process any payments nor do we store information relating to payment or financial information.
We may contact you with solicitations or other event information by mail, email, telephone or other electronic messaging using your personal information, unless you withdraw consent.
To the extent that you consent, we may use and process your data for direct marketing or solicitation for future purchases. You may withdraw your consent for us to use your information in any of these ways at any time.
However, if you withdraw consent, we may keep a record of your withdrawal in order to be able to comply with your request and prevent contact.
Distribution of Information
We are not in the business of selling your information to others. We do, however, share visitor and customer information with the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust and certain other local non-profit organizations. The Pittsburgh Cultural Trust also distributes certain subscriber information to its other member organizations. All information which you provide to or receive from the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust or our payment vendors as part of any purchase or potential purchase of tickets, merchandise or classes is solely governed by the policies and procedures of those organizations. You should carefully review the privacy statements and other conditions of use of these vendors. Their information may be found at:
www.trustarts.org
https://squareup.com/legal/privacy
http://www.authorize.net/company/privacy/
https://www.mindbodyonline.com/privacy-policy
We do not process credit card payments. These services are all provided by third party vendors as discussed above. In some cases, your information is provided to these vendors solely for the purpose of processing payment for orders made by you on this website or pursuant to electronic communications from us. The vendors only use your personal information for performing their service functions, and are prohibited from using it for other purposes.
The website may incorporate other links to third party websites.
We make no representations regarding their security and this policy does not apply to any other website. We are not responsible for the practices of other websites.
Retaining Information
Your information will be stored in our data systems for only so long as is necessary to fulfil your requests and our needs for data as described above.
At any time, you may request a copy of the information we are storing which relates to you.
You may receive a notice when information about you may be shared with third parties, and you will be provided with the opportunity to choose not to share the information.
These policies and procedures may be changed over time, as well as the uses made of your information. Your information is subject to the policies are in effect at the time your information is used, not when you provide that information. You should check our website and these policies frequently to view any changes.
Privacy Policy