https://www.answers.com/page/privacy#4
Ask QuestionLog inHomeScienceMathHistoryLiteratureTechnologyHealthLawBusinessAll TopicsRandomPrivacy PolicyLatest Revisions: December 21, 2019Thank you for visiting Answers.com (the "Site"), an Answers Corporation (together with its affiliates, "Answers", "us," "our," or "we") website. Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at the Site and in connection with the various services and software products we provide on or through the Site (collectively the "Services"). This Privacy Policy is hereby incorporated in our Terms of Use and by using the Site and Services, you accept the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not accept the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use any of the Site or Services.What We Track:Every computer connected to the Internet is given a domain name and a set of numbers known as the "Internet Protocol" IP address. Like most web servers, when a visitor requests a page from the Site, our servers automatically recognize and log his/her domain name and IP address, along with the access times, referring web sites, platform, and browser type. The information collected is not personally identifiable (as described here) and is used only to provide statistics about usage of the Site in the aggregate to improve the quality of the Site and Services, to better understand how people interact with us, to deliver advertising and measure its effectiveness, to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you, or to cooperate with law enforcement. We may use third party contractors to collect and aggregate such information.Additionally, please note that none of the Services include "spyware," meaning the Services do not run any background processes that report information about your software or hardware configuration or your web browsing or purchasing habits.How We Track It:The Site and Services use either cookies and/or registry settings on your computer to store user information. A "cookie" is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. Additionally, some ad networks may use web beacons in conjunction with cookies to compile aggregate statistics about usage on the Site. A web beacon is a transparent image, typically in GIF format that can recognize certain types of information on a visitor's computer, such as a visitor's cookie number, time and date of page view, and a description of the page where the web beacon is placed.You may disable cookies on your web browser, thereby also rendering some web beacons unusable. You can use the Site and Services even if cookies are disabled, but this may impact our ability to adapt any of the Site or Services according to your preferences.Personally Identifiable Information:Personally identifiable information is information you provide to us that is uniquely associated with you, including your first and last name, a home or physical address, email address, and telephone number. Information identifying an entity other than an individual (e.g., a school or library) does not constitute personally identifiable information and is treated the same as anonymous information discussed in this privacy policy. Although you are not required to provide any personally identifiable information to use most parts of the Site or Services, registration and full utilization of some of our Services do require that you provide certain personally identifiable information. For example, personally identifiable information you might provide could include your contact information if you participate in a promotion or sweepstakes, your email address if you are registering for Answers.com or requesting Answers' highlights or newsletters or if you submit a help request to us via email or respond to employment opportunities posted on the Site. Other personally identifiable information you might provide could include your contact information if you participate in a promotion or sweepstakes, your email address if you request Answers' highlights or newsletters or if you submit a help request to us via email or respond to employment opportunities posted on the Site. The amount of such personally identifiable information that you choose to disclose to us is completely up to you, although access to or use of some Services may be affected if such information is not provided. We have put in place procedures reasonably designed to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.In accordance with the United States' Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, as amended, we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13.Information Sharing and Disclosure:In addition to using the anonymous identifying information that we track for internal purposes in the manner described here, this information may also, on an aggregate basis, be shared with and used by third parties with which we have contracted (e.g., our third-party content providers and licensees of Answers' services). Furthermore, in addition to Answers providing its own advertising, Answers uses third-party advertising companies and networks to serve ads when you visit the Site. These companies and networks include, among others, third party ad servers, ad agencies, ad technology vendors, and research firms. These companies and networks may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to the Site in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. In the course of serving advertisements to the Site, our ad networks may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser or use a "web beacon." An example of such ad network is Google, Inc. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by Google, click here. To opt out of targeted advertising from Microsoft Advertising, click here.Certain third-party ad network providers may use web beacons and cookies to help present, better target, and measure the effectiveness of their advertisements, using non-personally identifiable data (such as sites visited and browser type) gathered over time and across their networks of Web pages to determine or predict the characteristics and preferences of their audience. This is also known as online behavioral advertising. An example of such ad network serving advertisements on our site is AOL/Ad.com, a member of the Network Advertising Initiative. Other examples are Microsoft Advertising, whereby data collection by or on behalf of Microsoft is taking place in connection our services agreement with 24/7 Media US, Inc. as well as by or on behalf of 24/7 Media itself. If you would like more information about this practice, as well as your choices about not having this information used for online behavioral advertising by these ad networks, click here: http://networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp.Please note that ad networks' use of cookies or web beacons, and that of any other third-party that has a link available on any Site, is subject to their own privacy policies and not this privacy policy.We do not rent or sell your personally identifying information (such as your name and contact information) to any third parties.
We use the information we collect to provide services on Answers.com such as: Personalization, Advertising, Marketing and Promotions, Analytics, Legal Compliance, and to Prevent Misuse. Additionally, we may transfer information we collect in the event of a change of ownership of Answers or any of the Site and/or Services, such as acquisition by or merger with another company.Right to Erasure:Requests for erasure (deletion): You may exercise your right for erasure by sending an email to privacy@answers.com.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before taking further action on your request.Additional Information for California ResidentsThis section provides information organized in accordance with the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) for residents of California about how we handle certain personal information.We do not sell your personal information to third parties. Answers may share your personal information with third parties and third parties may collect your personal information as described above in the How We Share Your Information section. In addition, as described in our Cookie Policy, we may also work with third parties such as network advertisers to serve ads on the Answers Platform and on third-party websites or other media (e.g., social networking platforms), such as Google AdSense (more info here) and Facebook Audience Network (more info here). These third parties may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), Flash LSOs and other tracking technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you.Your California Privacy Rights under California’s Shine-the-Light Law. California law permits users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed their personal information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the types of personal information disclosed to those parties. If you are a California resident and would like to request this information, please submit your request in an email to privacy@answers.com.Links and Co-Branded Sites:This policy only addresses the Site and Services. Other websites, such as those to which we link or with which we co-brand, may have their own policies. These other sites to which we link or with which we co-brand might independently collect data, solicit personal information, or send their own cookies to you. We are not responsible for any use of information when you use such third party sites. Additionally, in many cases, co-branded services that are jointly provided by us and selected companies will contain the Site branding, but might not be hosted by us. In such cases, you should follow the privacy link on such site to determine which company's privacy policy protects the information you enter on such site. Even if the page is governed by a separate privacy policy, we might be entitled to receive information about what you do when using that service. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of these other companies and to contact these companies directly if you have any questions about their use of this information.Changes to This Privacy Statement:Answers may amend this policy from time to time by posting the new text on the Site. Unless otherwise provided, the revised terms will take effect when they are posted. Once any changes that we make to this Privacy Policy become effective, your continued use of the Site or Services after such time will signify your acceptance of the new terms.Questions or Suggestions:If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this privacy policy, please contact Answers: privacy@answers.com.Read more: https://www.answers.com/page/terms-of-useNotice of Claims of Intellectual Property Violations and Agent for NoticeIt is the policy of Multiply Media, LLC “(Multiply”) to respect the legitimate rights of copyright and other intellectual property owners. Pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. Section 512 (http://lcweb.loc.gov/copyright/legislation/dmca.pdf) (the "DMCA"), Multiply has designated an agent (specified below) to receive Notifications of Claimed Copyright Infringement on its sites.If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement or that your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please provide Multiply’s Copyright Agent with the following information in accordance with the DMCA:An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest;a description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed;a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on any of Answer Corporation's sites or services, with enough detail that we may find it on our web site;your address, telephone number, and email address;a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright or intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law; anda statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your Notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner's behalf.Multiply's agent for notice of claims of copyright or other intellectual property infringement can be reached as follows:Chris HawkinsMultiply Media, LLC6677 Delmar Blvd., Ste. 210Saint Louis, MO, 63130Telephone: 314-624-1431Email: chris.hawkins@multiply.comTrending QuestionsWhat is ISO certification?Asked By Wiki UserHow many registered parties are there in Canada?Asked By Wiki UserHow many ml are equal to 75 mg?Asked By Wiki UserWhat is 66.66 percent as a decimal round to one?Asked By Wiki UserHottest QuestionsHow did chickenpox get its name?Asked By Wiki UserWhen did organ music become associated with baseball?Asked By
Curt EichmannHow can you cut an onion without crying?Asked By
Leland GrantWhy don't libraries smell like bookstores?Asked By
Veronica WilkinsonUnanswered QuestionsWho does Isabella think Mrs Frisby is?Asked By Wiki UserWhat actors and actresses appeared in Melody Street - 2010?Asked By Wiki UserWhat is to posses or have something?Asked By Wiki UserIs tac nayn a boy or a girl?Asked By Wiki UserAboutBlogCookie PolicyContact UsIP IssuesConsumer ChoiceTerms of UseDisclaimerFeature RequestsPrivacy PolicyCommunity GuidelinesCopyright © 2020 Multiply Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. The material on this site can not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with prior written permission of Multiply.