http://www.muzic.net.nz/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
10 Oct 2020
UsernamePassword
Remember Me? | Join | Recover
Home
Artists
Charts
Gig Guide
Community
Get Music
Gallery
Directory
Articles
Privacy Policy
Registration
During the registration process, certain demographic information is gathered from users for the purpose of better servicing our user base, conducting research or the promotion of products and services via the website. muzic.net.nz may use this information to send you promotional material related only to muzic.net.nz. muzic.net.nz will also use this information to contact you should the need arise.Cookies / Web Browsers
Cookies are used throughout the site to track user sessions only, by storing a unique session identification number on the user's Personal Computer. No personal information is stored in any cookie used by this website. muzic.net.nz tracks users throughout the site and will record date and times, IP addresses, pages visited, referral websites and the web browser used.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.Security
muzic.net.nz takes all reasonable precautions to protect the information of our users, used by this website, but can not be held responsible should any information become accessible through software or hardware fault.
Passwords - Passwords serve the purpose for protecting your identity while using muzic.net.nz, as a member. DO NOT disclose your password to anyone. All actions resulting from the use or misuse of your membership are your responsibility and will be dealt with as such.Information Sharing and Disclosure
muzic.net.nz will not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or companies unless we have your permission or we receive a court order, police warrant or it is necessary to share the information to assist with investigation into illegal activities.Unsolicited Electronic Messages Act (2007)
As part of signing up as a member on muzic.net.nz you will need to provide as with an email address. This will be your primary point of contact should we need to contact you.
From time-to-time muzic.net.nz may contact you via your email address to provide you with information on service changes, service outages or information regarding new services that we will be offering. New members are also added to our newsletter mailing list.
All automated emails from our system contain an "Opt-Out", located at the bottom of each email. By clicking on this link you will no longer receive any emails from us. You can also change this setting via the Member Control Panel.
By providing us with your email address, you agree to allow us to contact you with information on any of the services that muzic.net.nz offers.Changes to this Privacy Policy
muzic.net.nz will from time to time make changes to this policy. If a significant change occurs, we will notify you by sending an email to your registered email address or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Last Updated: 22 May 2014.
Most Viewed Artists
1L.A.B.
2Dave Dobbyn
3The Feelers
4Shihad
5Devilskin
6Katchafire
7Six60
8Split Enz
9Coridian
10Bic Runga
Latest Galleries
Devilskin @ San Fran, Wellington - 09/10/2020
Shepherds Reign @ San Fran, Wellington - 09/10/2020
BENEE @ Shed 6, Wellington - 08/20/2020
City of Souls @ Caroline Bay Hall, Timaru - 02/10/2020
NZ Top 10 Singles
1MOOD24kGoldn feat. Iann Dior
2WAPCardi B feat. Megan Thee Stallion
3HOLYJustin Bieber feat. Chance The Rapper
4LEMONADEInternet Money And Gunna feat. Don Toliver And NAV
5SAVAGE LOVE (LAXED - SIREN BEAT)Jawsh 685 x Jason DeRulo
6HEAD & HEARTJoel Corry feat. MNEK
7IN THE AIRL.A.B.
8GO CRAZYChris Brown And Young Thug
9FOR THE NIGHTPop Smoke feat. Lil Baby And DaBaby
10DYNAMITEBTS
View the Full NZ Top 40...
More Content on muzic.net.nz
Alternative Rock Artists
Band & Musician News
Gig & Concert News
Hip Hop/R&B Artists
Music Interviews
Music News
Music Reviews
NZ Top 40 Albums
NZ Top 40 Singles
Past Newsletters
Record Labels & Studios
Reggae/Dub Artists
Google Site Search
Custom Search
100% New Zealand Music
All content on this website is copyright to muzic.net.nz and other respective rights holders. Redistribution of any material presented here without permission is prohibited.
Report A Problem
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Copyright Statement
Contact
Advertising
About Us