http://www.actorpoint.com/terms.html
Monologues
For Females
Female Monologues
Movie Monologues for Women
Comedic for Women
Dramatic for Women
Classical for Women
For Males
Male Monologues
Movie Monologues for Men
Comedic for Men
Dramatic for Men
Classical for Men
For Kids & Teens
Monologues for Kids
Monologues for Teens
For Everyone
Shakespeare Monologues
Movie Scripts
Genres (A - F)
Action
Adventure
Animation
Comedy
Crime
Drama
Family
Fantasy
Genres (H - W)
Horror
Musical
Mystery
Romance
Sci Fi
Thriller
War
Western
Alphabetical
A B C D
E F G H
I J K L
M N O P
Q R S T
U V W X
Y Z #
Actor Resources
Online Acting classes
Casting Directors & Agents
Photographers
Casting Calls
Acting Tips
Acting Articles
Actor Spotlight
Acting Q & A
Books, Plays & Scripts
Acting & Film Schools
Acting Schools
Film Schools
Intl Acting Schools
Intl Film Schools
Cool Links
Industry News
Newsletter
Links
Link to Us
Acting Resources >>
Site Terms
ActorPoint.com - Terms of Use
GENERAL INFORMATION
This web site is part of the JAG-jr Unlimited, Inc. network of web sites
("we", "us", "our") . When you choose to use
this web site ("the "Service" or "this Service"),
you are agreeing to all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement between
you and JAG-jr Unlimited, Inc. We may change, add or remove portions of this
Agreement at any time. Any changes or modifications will be posted on the
Service.
YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THIS WEBSITE & OUR SERVICES NOW, OR FOLLOWING THE POSTING OF NOTICE
OF ANY CHANGES IN THESE OPERATING RULES,
INDICATES ACCEPTANCE BY YOU OF
SUCH RULES, CHANGES, OR MODIFICATIONS. We may change, suspend or discontinue
any aspect of the Service at any time, including the availability of any Service
feature, database, or content. We may also impose limits on certain features
and services or restrict your access to parts or all of the Service without
notice or liability.
CONTENT
The contents of the Service are intended for your personal, noncommercial
use. All materials published on the Service (including, but not limited to
news articles, photographs, images, illustrations, audio clips and video clips,
also known as the "Content") are protected by copyright, and owned
or controlled by us or the party credited as the provider of the Content.
You shall abide by all additional copyright notices, information, or restrictions
contained in any Content accessed through the Service.
The Service and its Contents are protected by copyright pursuant to U.S.
and international copyright laws. You may not modify, publish, transmit, participate
in the transfer or sale of, reproduce (except where exempted by us), create
new works from, distribute, perform, display, or in any way exploit, any of
the Content or the Service in whole or in part.
Copying or storing of any Content for other than personal use is expressly prohibited
without prior written permission from Nielsen.
The content on our site may at times be provided or created by third-parties
(“Third Party Content”). Third Party Content including any text,
photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast,
rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly
in any medium. Third Party Content or any portion thereof may not be stored
in a computer or otherwise except for personal and non-commercial use. ActorPoint.com
or its owners, proprietors, officers, etc. will not be held liable in any
way to the User or to any other person or entity including those who may receive
information from the Service, for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions
there from or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or
for any damages arising from any of the foregoing or occasioned thereby.
SUBMISSIONS MADE TO THIS SITE
You are solely responsible for the content of any submission you make to
this Service. You shall not post any material that is knowingly false and/or
defamatory, inaccurate, abusive, vulgar, hateful, harassing, obscene, profane,
sexually oriented, threatening, invasive of a person's privacy, or otherwise
in violation of any law. ActorPoint.com reserves the right to delete, move,
or edit messages that it, in its sole discretion, deems abusive, defamatory,
obscene, in violation of copyright or trademark laws, or otherwise unacceptable.
You acknowledge that any submissions you make to the Service may be edited,
removed, modified, published, transmitted, and displayed by us and you waive
any moral rights you may have in having the material altered or changed in
a manner not agreeable to you.
By submitting information to the Service, you hereby grant to ActorPoint.com,
its affiliates and related entities the royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable,
non-exclusive right and license to use, copy, modify, display, distribute
and reproduce all such materials in any form, media, software or technology
of any kind now existing or developed in the future. You shall also indemnify,
defend and hold JAG-jr Unlimited, Inc. harmless for any liability, damage,
claim and loss arising due to the use or distribution of those materials.
You further grant us the right to use your name or user name in connection
with the reproduction or distribution of such material. We, our affiliates
and related entities do not accept unsolicited materials or ideas for use
or publication in their publications, broadcast programming, books or their
digital and electronic media except in connection with user-generated content
submitted through commenting, rating, social networks, message board forums,
chat rooms, and bulletin boards on the Service. The Service, its affiliates
and related entities shall not be responsible for the similarity of any of
its content or programming in any media to materials or ideas transmitted
to the Service. User generated content submitted to the Service does not represent
the views of the site, its affiliates or any individual associated with the
Service or JAG-jr Unlimited, Inc. The user content expresses the views of
the author and not the views of any other users, the Service or JAG-jr Unlimited,
Inc.
You must be at least thirteen (13) years old to register for this Service.
In consideration of use of the Service, You agree to: (a) provide true, accurate,
current and complete information about yourself if prompted by the registration
form; and (b) to maintain and update this information to keep it true, accurate,
current, and complete. If any information provided by You ("Registration
Data") is untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, we reserve
the right to terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future
use of the Service.
OUR USE OF YOUR REGISTRATION DATA
You agree that any registration data you provide may be shared with select
third party firms ("Partner(s)"), UNLESS you state a preference
not to be contacted. We will inform Partner(s) if You state a preference not
to be contacted. However, we will not be responsible or liable if Partner(s)
contacts You and then permits a third party to contact You; or provides or
discloses Your Registration Data to any third party. For example, we will
not be held accountable if you one of our Partner(s) discloses your information
to another party.
You agree that ActorPoint may disclose Registration Data to third parties
about you and information about Your use of the Service, provided that such
disclosures of information are in the aggregate form (for example,
if information does not include Your name, mailing address, email address,
telephone or facsimile number, or account number).
You agree that ActorPoint may disclose Registration Data to third parties
about you and information about Your use of the Service as required by law
or legal process.
This Agreement includes the terms and conditions as stated on our Privacy
Policy. In the event that there exists any inconsistency between this
Agreement and the Privacy Policy, the terms and conditions of the Privacy
Policy shall take precedence.
YOUR USERNAME AND PASSWORD
You may receive a password and account designation upon completing the Service's
registration process. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality
of the password and account, and are fully responsible for all activities
that occur under your password or account. You agree to (a) immediately notify
us of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach
of security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of
each session. We cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising
from unauthorized use of your username and/or password. Any fraudulent, abusive,
or otherwise illegal activity may be grounds for termination of your account;
at our own discretion we may refer you to any appropriate law enforcement
agencies.
FEES AND PAYMENTS
ActorPoint.com reserves the right at any time to charge fees for access
to portions of the Service or the Service as a whole. However, in no event
will you be charged for access to the Service unless we obtain your prior
agreement to pay such charges. Thus, if we require a fee for portions of the
Service that are now free, we will give you advance notice of such fees and
the opportunity to cancel the account before such charges are imposed. All
new fees, if any, will be posted in the Help Section and in other appropriate
locations on the Service. You shall pay all fees and charges incurred through
your account at the rates in effect for the billing period in which such fees
and charges are incurred, including, but not limited to charges for any products
or services offered for sale through the Service by us or by any other vendor
or service provider. All fees and charges shall be billed to and paid for
by you. You shall pay any and all applicable taxes relating to use of the
Service through your account.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
a. You represent, warrant and covenant (a) that no materials of any kind
submitted through your account will (i) violate, plagiarize, or infringe upon
the rights of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or
other personal or proprietary rights; or (ii) contain libelous or otherwise
unlawful material; and (b) that you are at least thirteen years old. You hereby
indemnify, defend and hold harmless ActorPoint.com, and all officers, directors,
owners, agents, information providers, affiliates, licensors and licensees
(collectively, the "Indemnified Parties") from and against any and
all liability and costs, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys'
fees, incurred by the Indemnified Parties in connection with any claim arising
out of any breach by you or any user of your account of this Agreement or
the foregoing representations, warranties and covenants. You shall cooperate
as fully as reasonably required in the defense of any such claim.
b. You expressly agree that use of the Service is at your own risk. Neither
ActorPoint, nor any of their affiliates, employees, agents, content providers
or licensors make any representations or warranties of any kind regarding
the Service, the content or the results that may be obtained form use of the
Service. The Service is provided on an "as is" basis and we specifically
disclaim any express or implied warranties, including without limitation,
warranties of fitness for a particular purpose, warranties of merchantability
or warranties against infringements.
c. Neither we, nor our affiliates, employees, agents, content providers
and licensors shall in no event be liable for any damages or losses, including,
without limitation, direct, indirect, consequential, special, incidental or
punitive damages, resulting from or caused by the Service or its content,
including, without limitation, losses related to: your use or inability to
use the Service; any errors, omissions or defects in the content; or any interruptions,
delays in transmission or computer viruses. In any event, any liability of
the Service shall not exceed the amount paid by you to the service in the
12 months prior to the claimed injury or damage.
d. We DO NOT represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any advice,
opinion, statement, or other information displayed, uploaded, or distributed
through the Service by any user, information provider or any other person
or entity. You acknowledge that any reliance upon any such opinion, advice,
statement, memorandum, or information shall be at your sole risk.
LINKS ON THIS SITE
ActorPoint.com contains links to other World Wide Web Internet sites and
resources. Since we are not responsible for the availability of these outside
resources, or their contents, you should direct any concerns regarding any
external link to the site administrator or Webmaster of the linked site.
SOFTWARE LICENSES
You shall have no rights to the proprietary software and related documentation,
or any enhancements or modifications thereto, provided to you in order to
access the Service ("Access Software"). You may not sublicense,
assign or transfer any licenses granted by ActorPoint, and any attempt at
such sublicense, assignment or transfer shall be null and void. You may not
copy, distribute, modify, reverse engineer, or create derivative works from
Access Software.
TERMINATION
ActorPoint.com may, in its sole discretion, terminate or suspend your access
to all or part of the Service for any reason, including, without limitation,
breach or assignment of this Agreement.
MISCELLANEOUS
This Agreement has been made in and shall be construed and enforced in accordance
with New York law. Any action to enforce this agreement shall only be brought
in the federal or state courts located in New York City.
AGAIN, YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THIS WEBSITE & OUR SERVICES NOW, OR FOLLOWING THE POSTING OF NOTICE
OF ANY CHANGES IN THESE OPERATING RULES,
INDICATES ACCEPTANCE BY
YOU OF SUCH RULES, CHANGES, OR MODIFICATIONS.
» About Us
» Privacy Policy
» FB Ads Compliance
» Disclaimer
» Terms of Use
» Why We Have Ads
» Contact Us
» Advertise With Us
© 2000 - 2020 ActorPoint.com - Monologues, Movie Scripts, Casting Calls & More All Rights Reserved