http://www.bordercrossings.org.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | Border Crossings
Skip to main content
Border Crossings
Search form
Search
Toggle navigation
MENU
What's On On Now
Programme
Participation
Who We Are About Us
21 Faces
AD, Patron, Key Personnel
Board
What We Do Our Work
Past Productions
Why We Do It Crossing Borders
Articles
Voices of Culture
Blog
Take Part Get Involved
Education & research
Volunteering
Commission Us!
Sponsorship & Funding
Bookshop
Donate
Contact
Privacy Policy
Border Crossings respects your privacy and we are committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy notice, together with our terms of use and cookies policy, will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our website (regardless of where you visit it from) and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
1.  IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND WHO WE ARE
PURPOSE OF THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
This privacy notice aims to give you information on how Border Crossings collects and processes your personal data through your use of this website, including any data you may provide through this website when you sign up to our newsletter.
This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
It is important that you read this privacy notice together with any other privacy notice or fair processing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy notice supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them.
CONTROLLER
Border Crossings is a registered charity under number 1048836, and a registered company limited by guarantee under number 3015984 (England and Wales).
Border Crossings is the controller and responsible for your personal data (collectively referred to as “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy notice).
If you have any questions about this privacy notice, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact us using the details set out below.
CONTACT DETAILS
Border Crossings
Chocolate Factory 2
Coburg Road
N22 6UJ
Telephone: +44 (0)20 8829 8928
Fax: +44 (0)20 8366 5239
Email: info@bordercrossings.org.uk
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY NOTICE AND YOUR DUTY TO INFORM US OF CHANGES
This version was last updated on 18th May 2018
We may make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any changes in the way we use your personal information we will make this clear on the Scope Website or by contacting you directly.
THIRD-PARTY LINKS
We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
2.  THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data includes first name and last name.
Contact Data includes email address.
3.  HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED?
We collect data from and about you through our website when you register to receive our Newsletter.  However, when you interact with us directly we may collect additional data about you after we have provided you with information about our Privacy Policy.
4.  HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where you have consented to this for specific, explicit and legitimate purposes. For example to receiving our Newsletter.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Generally we only rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data in relation to sending marketing communications to you via email. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE WILL USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To email you our Newsletter
a.   Name
b.   email address
(a) Your consent to receive our Newsletter.
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
(a) Identity
(b) email address
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To use data analytics to improve our website, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
(a) email address
(b) Usage
(c) Marketing and Communications
(d) Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our website, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
MARKETING
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so. We do not transfer your personal information to any third-party for marketing purposes.
COOKIES
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies.
When someone visits our website we use a third-party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out information, such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site.
If we want to collect personally identifiable information through our website, we will be up front about this. We will make it clear when we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it. This will include your email address if you send us an email, your IP address, and which web browser (and version) you use. Information on how people use the site, through cookies and page tagging, helps us improve our website and our services. You can find out more about our Cookie Policy on our website.
We might also obtain your personal data through your use of social media such as Facebook and Twitter depending on your settings or the privacy policies of these social media services. To change your settings on these services, please refer to their privacy notices, which will tell you how to do this.
5.  DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may have to share your personal data, for the purposes set out in the table above, for example, third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
6.  INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
We do not transfer your personal data outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
7.  DATA SECURITY
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
8.  DATA RETENTION
HOW LONG WILL YOU USE MY PERSONAL DATA FOR?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary for us to use your personal information as described above or to comply with our legal obligations.
Where your personal information is processed with your consent (e.g. for the marketing purposes), such personal information is retained until you revoke the consent for such processing, or until the time limit dictated by law is reached.
9.  YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
You have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. For example, you can request that we remove your email address from our mailing list or delete any information we hold on you.
If you wish to exercise any of your rights, please contact us.
Registered Charity No. 1048836.
Company Limited by Guarantee No. 3015984. VAT Registration No. 690 7714 09
Be part of our global community and be the first to know about new shows and special offers from Border Crossings.
subscribe
terms
privacy policy
contact
accessibility
cookies
website