https://www.fandango.com/2020-helping-you-return-to-movie-theaters
2020 Helping You Return To Movie Theaters | Fandango
GOING BACK TO MOVIE THEATERS
Read More
Gift Cards |
Offers |
Sign In
Sign Out
Fandango
Screen Reader Users: To optimize your experience with your screen reading software, please use our Flixster.com website, which has the same tickets as our Fandango.com and MovieTickets.com websites.
Skip to Main Content
Go
Movies
Now Playing
See All Now Playing
Opening This Week
= Limited Release
Aggie (2020)
Henchmen
Pray: The Story of Patrick Peyton
The War with Grandpa
See All Opening This Week
Coming Soon
Honest Thief (2020)
Soul (2020)
Wonder Woman 1984
See All Coming Soon
Explore More
Watch Trailers on MovieClips
Top Box Office
New For Streaming
Theaters + Tickets
Where are you located? Here are our top cities
New York, NY
Los Angeles, CA
Atlanta, GA
Chicago, IL
Austin, TX
Miami, FL
San Francisco, CA
Phoenix, AZ
Washington, DC
Boston, MA
San Diego, CA
Seattle, WA
Edison, NJ
Houston, TX
Tampa, FL
Find theaters + movie times near
find movie times + tickets
Movie News
Featured Movie News
2020 Toronto International Film Festival Preview
Read More
What to Watch on FandangoNOW: Disney’s ‘Mulan,’ RZA’s ‘Cut Throat City,’ Ruby Rose in ‘The Doorman’ and More
Read More
This Week in Movie News: Doctor Strange Joins ‘Spider-Man 3,’ Slinky Movie in the Works and More
Read More
Explore Content
Movie Reviews
Star Wars Guide
Awards Watch
Indie Movie Guide
Family Guide
House Of Screams
Weekend Ticket
My VIP Account
Join FandangoVIP
Buy Movies. Get Movies.
Earn 125 points on every ticket you buy. Rack up 500 points and you'll score a $5 reward for more movies.
Learn more
Insider Perks
Get your swag on with discounted movies to stream at home, exclusive movie gear, access to advanced screenings and discounts galore.
Learn more
Partner Rewards
Collect bonus rewards from our many partners, including AMC, Stubs, Cinemark Connections, Regal Crown Club when you link accounts.
Learn more
Refunds + Exchanges
We know life happens, so if something comes up, you can return or exchange your tickets up until the posted showtime.
Learn more
Join Fandango VIP For Free
(It only takes a few seconds to join)
Already a Fandango VIP? Sign In
To our fellow Movie Fans, We hope you and your loved ones have been safe and healthy over the past few months. While we’ve missed going to the movies, many theaters have been hard at work with government and public health officials figuring out the safety measures needed to reopen their venues responsibly and at the appropriate time. Focus and attention are on the health and well-being of moviegoers and the cinema employees who work in front of and behind the scenes. At Fandango, it’s our mission to help you go back to the movies with confidence and peace of mind. We’re excited to report that some theaters are starting to reopen their doors, with more planning to do so in the coming weeks. As they do, we plan to provide the best, most up-to-date resources and information available to help you with your moviegoing decisions and plans.
Here’s just some of what we are doing to help you enjoy a comfortable return to the movies, when the time is right:
Open Theaters Near You: As movie theaters reopen, we’ll send you communications and post information on our site and apps about which cinemas are open in your area.
Theater Health and Safety Protocols: We’ll connect you to information that theaters have shared with us about what they plan to do to help keep you safe, while you’re at the movies -- including social distance seating plans, enhanced cleaning measures, facial covering policies, special concession services and more. Each theater may have different policies, so it’s important to know what to expect before you go. Click here to find safety procedures announced by your theater. What’s Playing: When new movies, event screenings and showtimes are announced, we’ll help to make sure you’re first to know. You can also sign up for movie specific FanAlert email notifications, so you’ll know when tickets go on sale at a theater near you. Click here to see what’s playing. Extending VIP+ Rewards: We want the rewards you have earned to be available when you need them. For our VIP+ customers, we are continuing to extend your expiring rewards an additional 60 days. We know that theaters are reopening at different times, so we’ll continue to evaluate this policy moving forward. Click here to learn more about VIP+ rewards. Refunds and Exchanges: We understand that plans can change, especially in today’s landscape. We are happy to offer you the ability to refund and exchange your tickets up to the posted showtime. Also, Fandango customers now have the added convenience of self-processing refunds as a guest user – no account required. Click here for more details.
We all can’t wait to go back to the movies! As you consider returning safely to your favorite movie theaters, we hope you think of Fandango. We’ll be doing our best to provide you with helpful information and resources so you can make decisions that are right for you and your loved ones. We look forward to seeing you at the movies!
Offers
Get $5 Off Towards a Movie Download
when you purchase 3 participating Suave products 9/1-10/31 at Walmart or Walmart.com.
SEE DETAILS
New + Coming soon
The War with Grandpa
Tenet
Shortcut
The New Mutants
The Broken Hearts Gallery
Antebellum
Unhinged (2020)
Words on Bathroom Walls
Experience + Explore
Movies In Theaters
Movie Actors and Actresses
Mobile
New For Streaming
Special Offers
Gift Cards
Editorial Features
Star Wars Guide
Awards Watch
Indie Movie Guide
Family Guide
House Of Screams
Movie News
Videos
Movie Trailers
Weekend Ticket
Mom's Movie Minute
Photos
Red Carpet Premieres
October Celebrity Birthdays
Award Shows Red Carpets
Follow Us
Fandango on Facebook
Fandango on Twitter
Fandango on Instagram
Fandango on Youtube
Get Updates On All Things Movies
Privacy Policy
Thanks for signing up!
Get Fandango Apps
Fandango iOS App
Fandango Android App
Refunds & Exchanges
Help
My Fandango
Live Chat
About Fandango
Careers
Advertising
Link to Us
Affiliate Program
Fandango Rewards
Site Index
Your Privacy Rights - Privacy Policy
Terms and Policies
AdChoices
Do Not Sell My Info
Fandango Affiliated Companies:
FandangoNOW
Movieclips
Movies.com
Flixster.com
MovieTickets.com
Fandango Latin America
Ingresso
© 2020 Fandango
Close
Welcome Back to Movie Theaters
Fandango helps you go back to the movies with confidence and peace of mind.
Find Open Theaters Near You
Check Theater Safety Policies
Contactless Ticket Purchase
Contactless Ticket Entry
Worry-free Refunds & Exchanges
See Open Theaters Near You
GOT IT