http://www.sparrow.co.uk/policies/
Policies
Admissions Policy
Procedures
Bookings can be made through our website, by email, in person or by telephone
Bookings are accepted through agents and from students contacting the school directly
A deposit of £100 is required to confirm enrolment for individuals
A deposit of £50 per student is required to secure the places on a group booking
Full payment of fees is required by the invoice due date
Courses are subject to availability. If unavailable an alternative date will be offered.
The Enrolment form should be completed with care taken to read the conditions of enrolment on the reverse.
For juniors the Parental Consent Form must be completed and sent back
Please refer to the Payment of Fees Policy for information on students requiring visas.
Entry Requirements
Students taking the Cambridge First Certificate Examination should be of intermediate level
Students taking the Cambridge Advanced Examination should be of advanced level
Students taking the Cambridge Proficiency Examination should be of higher advanced level
Students taking the English Plus courses should be of intermediate plus level
A placement test to assess the level of the student will be given prior to the commencement of the course
Minimum ages are as follows:
Summer Activity Course: 12 years old
Group Bookings: 12 years old
Teachers’ Refresher Course: 21 years old
General and Cambridge Courses: 16 years old (permission will be requested from parents of 16/17 year olds to enable them to attend lessons / activities with adults)
Safeguarding Policy (Under 18's)
Policy Statement
The Suzanne Sparrow Language School is committed to safeguarding the welfare of all children, vulnerable adults and young people. A child is defined as a person under the age of 18 (The Children Act 1989). The term “vulnerable adult” refers to any person aged 18 years and over who is unable to take care of him/herself or unable to protect himself or herself against significant harm or serious exploitation.
The school welcomes students from the age of 12 years upwards and offers homestay accommodation with carefully selected homestay providers.
All staff at the school and all homestay providers hosting under 18s must undergo an Enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check which is renewed every 3 years. All homestays are visited by a Student Support and Accommodation Officer on a biennial basis.
All adults working with the children will abide by the policy.The term “Safeguarding” refers to “looking after” children, whilst “child protection” refers to “protecting children from direct harmful behaviour”.
The Principal oversees the recording systems for DBS checks and the training of academic and non- academic staff on Safeguarding matters.
The school is committed to protecting all students from harm and takes particular care to ensure that all students under 18 years of age and vulnerable adults are adequately protected.
The policy is for all under 18’s, whatever race or gender as everyone has the entitlement to be protected.
All adults who read this policy will be expected to accept and carryout the guidelines set downThey must be vigilant and know to report any concerns or allegations and who to contact within and outside the school.
Other Associated Policies include the Code of Conduct, Anti Bullying Policy, Students with Learning Difficulties and Disability Policy.
The Principal will be responsible for reviewing the policy on an annual basis
The Principal and Safeguarding team will be responsible for delivering the policy and in any absence the Director of Studies will assume this role.
The statutory guidance used in writing this document were:English UK GuidelinesChildrens Acts 1989 and 2004Local Government Act 2000Protection of Freedoms Act 2012 Keeping Children Safe in Education 2019
Code of Conduct
To create a safe culture within the school, both adults and Under 18s will be protected by the Policies and Code of Conduct which staff and students must adhere to at all times.
Staff must be aware that the Sexual Offences Act 2003 states that any person in a Position of Trust engaged in sexual activity of any sort with students under the age of 18 is breaking the law (even though the legal age of consent is 16).
All employees of the school are responsible for exercising care in relation to themselves and others who may be affected by their actions. The school maintains a work environment for staff and a learning environment for students in which honesty, integrity and respect must be constantly reflected in personal behaviour and standards of conduct.Staff are aware that they must act as excellent role models at all times and have respect for diversity and promote equality whilst working as part of a whole school team.
To protect both U18s and adults working with them, the school sets clear boundaries and guidelines:Physical contact between adults and U18s is not acceptable except in special cases ie when medical assistance is required.Appropriate language must be used at all times.Socialising with U18’s outside of school is discouraged but must follow the same rules as during work time ensuring nobody becomes involved in a situation which could be misunderstood.
Adults working with U18’s should dress appropriately and be aware of the effect their appearance could have if they do not present themselves appropriately.
The school operates a zero tolerance policy on the misuse or supply of drugs on its premises. Students are informed of UK drug legislation at their orientation session and all staff are made aware of the importance of educating U18’s about addictive substances ie smoking or drinking.The breaking of any of the rules regarding drugs may lead to disciplinary procedures and police intervention.
The school has a strict policy on the use of IT and the Internet especially regarding contact between adult individuals and U18s (see Policy Document)
The Student Support and Accommodation Team provides guidance for homestay providers on the importance of privacy and appropriate behaviour in the environs of the bedrooms and bathrooms whilst hosting students.
Taxi and Coach companies used by the school provide written confirmation that they only use drivers who have been DBS checked. Outside contractors such as the cleaners are also asked for confirmation of their DBS check and whenever an outside person enters the school premises they are signed in and a member of the school staff remains with them at all times or they are kept separate from the students.
Staff are legally obliged to inform management of any concerns about colleagues not following the Code of Conduct. Staff who report this or any other problem will not be penalised and their report will remain confidential.
Child Protection
The school is committed to protecting all students from harm and takes particular care to ensure that U18s are fully protected.
The Principles of the school are:
The welfare of the child is paramount.
All children without exception have the right to protection from abuse regardless of gender, ethnicity, disability sexuality or beliefs.
All concerns and allegations of abuse will be taken seriously by staff and responded to with sensitivity and professionalism and in the most appropriate way to support the needs of the child – following the guidelines laid down in the School’s Safeguarding Policy.
Commitment to safe recruitment, selection and vetting procedures.
An annual review of all policies and procedures.
Children and parents are informed of the Safeguarding Policies and associated policies and procedures which promote children’s safety and welfare ie anti-bullying policy, code of conduct, induction policy for juniors, students with learning difficulties and disability policy.
The Designated Safeguarding Lead and Welfare Officer is Hilary Desvernay. The Designated Safeguarding Team consists of Philip Parker, Kathryn Hawken, Rebecca Richards and Sharon Thompson.
Any safeguarding concerns will be responded to by the DSL and the response recorded.Responses may include monitoring, investigating, discussion with group leader/parent/agent/homestay provider or management, prior to action.The local Safeguarding Children Board (LSCB) and Local Area Designated Officer (LADO)should be informed if an allegation is made.
The knowledge needed to recognise symptoms of abuse are part of the Level 1 training which all staff undertake. Staff are also made aware of how to respond if a child makes an allegation of abuse directly through the DSL or manager..
Secure records of any allegations of abuse or inappropriate conduct are kept by The Designated Lead in a locked cabinet for up to 5 years.
If an adult is accused of inappropriate behaviour/abuse the following procedure will be carried out:Ensure the child is safe and supportedInform the senior manager immediatelyEnsure that a clear written record is made. This report is to be signed and dated by the person who made the allegation/heard the allegation from the child.Senior Manager or DSL to contact LCSB immediatelyNo decisions must be made without referring to the LCSB
The procedure for an Under 18 year old student accused of inappropriate behaviour or abuse is:Report the allegation to a member of the Safeguarding Team who will make a factual report of the allegation. No attempt should be made at this stage to investigate the circumstances.A referral should be made to the Children’s Services.A member of the Safeguarding Team will make a record of the concern, the discussion and any outcome and keep a copy in the welfare file.If the allegation indicates a potential criminal offence has taken place, the police should be contacted and parents informed (of both the student being complained about and the alleged victim).If appropriate the pupil being complained about may be excluded for a period of time.If outside bodies do not accept the complaint a thorough investigation into the matter will take place at the school.
The sexual exploitation of juniors is a form of child sexual abuse. Sexual exploitation can take many forms from seemingly “consensual” relationships where sex is exchanged for attention/affection to serious organised crime and child trafficking. Exploitation is marked out by an imbalance of power within the relationship.
Staff are aware that Female Genital Mutilation is illegal in the UK and adults have a legal duty to report any suspicions they may have or information they are given.
Training
All staff members have undergone Basic Awareness in Child Protection Training. The Student Support and Accommodation Team have also undergone Level 2 Safeguarding training and the DSL is responsible for ensuring all adults are trained to the correct level. The senior DSL and three senior members of staff have also been trained to Level 3.
All staff receive a copy of the Safeguarding Policy and have undergone Basic Awareness in Child Protection Training.
Safer Recruitment
The school is committed to safe recruitment of all staff and homestay providers. See Recruitment Policy. All staff and the main Homestay Provider are DBS checked by the school if they do not already have an enhanced disclosure. Overseas Group Leaders must provide signed proof that they have been similarly checked in their own country.
Recruitment material for the school includes the explanation that staff will be expected to share the school’s ethos and commitment to safeguarding.
During interview candidates will be questioned regarding their attitudes to working with U18s
If a candidate is employed prior to the DBS check being available the manager will make a judgement based on the assessment of the risk versus the consequences of the decision. This judgement will be signed off and the new employee will sign a self-declaration and their access to children will be supervised at all times.
If an applicant’s disclosure shows a criminal record the manager will make a judgement based on the offences which may be relevant to the job in question taking into account the seriousness, age and frequency of the offences. Verification of the record will be sought from the candidate and a decision made by at least two people. A clear record (containing details of the offences) will be made of the decision and signed by the Principal or Director of Studies.
Where any applicants ie group leaders cannot obtain a criminal check the school ensures signed documentation is received from the overseas organisation ie Headmaster of the school or Director of the Agency.
The Principal and Director of Studies keep and update the Central Record of Appointments. The Safeguarding Lead and management and support teams are trained in Safer Recruitment ensuring nothing is missed when recruiting staff, homestays and group leaders.
The school does not work with students under 12 years of age.
Welfare/Implementing Safeguarding
Risk assessments are produced for all activities and excursions either by the school or by the companies concerned. Particular consideration is given to safeguarding U18s in the assessments and the school ensures group leaders and teachers pass on the information to students. Supervision ratios are adhered to at all times.
The ratio for U18s is 1 leader per 12 students. This may be school leaders or overseas leaders or a combination of both.
Homestay providers are requested to inform the school office if a student is ill or unable to attend class. The information is passed immediately to the Director of Studies and the teacher involved. If a student is missing on an activity or excursion a group leader must remain behind until the student is found. Students’ mobile numbers are kept by the overseas group leaders and in some cases by our own activity leader for emergency purposes.Homestay Providers adhere strictly to curfew times set down by overseas group leaders and/or the school and in event of curfews being ignored home stay providers are aware they must contact the overseas group leader or the school emergency phone. The emergency phone contact would then put procedures in place depending on the circumstances ie informing police if necessary.
In the absence of any parents or guardians, students aged between 12 and 18 are the responsibility of the group leaders, the homestay providers and the school. Students U18 are not allowed out in the evenings without written permission from their parents or leaders.The curfew times set down by the school are:
12 – 13 years of age: 20.0014 – 15 years of age: 21.00 16 – 17 years of age: 22.00
The times should be adhered to, to ensure the safety of the students. If they are not adhered to the students will not be allowed out in the evenings.Overseas Group Leaders may request alternative curfews.
All junior students must carry ID cards, along with contact details of the school and of their homestay providers. They must all wear the wristbands provided by the school with the emergency telephone details on them.If Juniors are placed in adult classes they are identified by the use of wristbands and their names highlighted on the class registers. Further information is provided in the Student Handbook for Juniors which is sent out to Individual Juniors and their parents/guardians and overseas Group Leaders prior to their arrival.
Fire Safety within the school is taken very seriously with regular fire drills. All U18s are given fire training as part of their induction on the first day by the Principal or their teacher and in their own language by group leaders.
The school has put into place a First Aid Policy which not only complies with the regulations but also incorporates the principle of best practise both within the school and during activities and excursions – see First Aid Policy and H & S Policy.
Students are made aware of the disciplinary systems and other relevant information about the school prior to arrival through the Handbook for Juniors which is sent to the family on enrolment. The induction procedures on the first day with the Principal and/or group leaders reiterates the policies as set out in the Induction Policy for Juniors, Disciplinary Procedures – Students,
The school operates a meet and greet service for unaccompanied minors at the airport through a local taxi company or through a meet and greet service where all the employees have been DBS checked. We also operate a ferry escort service in the summer months on the Plymouth/Roscoff ferry crossing for unaccompanied minors. This service is run by staff who have all had Enhanced DBS checks and safeguarding training. Adults are informed of this service when making enquiries about bookings.
Students are educated during their induction about being safe online, not believing all they read, not sharing personal data or photos with people they don’t know. Internet usage is protected through Parental Control and students must adhere to the rules for internet usage. A supportive approach enables students to tell adults if they receive any unwanted contact online or via text.
Provision is made for any students who are more vulnerable eg physical disabilities or those requiring more help with personal care or coming from a difficult home situation. The Safeguarding Team are trained to ensure vulnerable students are placed in a suitable homestay and that they are identified at the school to the Health and Safety Officer and that facilities required are available ie wheelchair ramps etc.
Private Fostering is when a student aged under 16 (or 18 if disabled) stays with a homestay provider for more than 27 nights. The Safeguarding Support Team reports this to the local authority, social services at least 6 weeks before the arrangements starts so the social services are able to visit the homestay and ensure all is in order.
Unsupervised time
If you do not agree to your child having free time between the end of classes / activities and dinner time then they must return directly to the homestay or in some circumstances return to the school until it closes at 5pm. If you do not agree to your child going out after dinner or on a Sunday then they must stay with their homestay provider.
Please also refer to the following Policies:
Data Protection PolicyPrivacy Statement
Complaints Procedure
Principles
The school is committed to providing clear lines of communication for students to voice complaints
The school will make every effort possible to resolve any complaints received by the students during their stay
Procedures
Any student wishing to make a complaint regarding any aspect of the school should in the first instance address his or her complaint to the Principal/Director of Studies
The Principal/Director of Studies will make every effort to understand the grounds of the complaint
The complaint will be passed on to the relevant person/department to be addressed
Where possible, action will be taken to resolve the complaint and where necessary procedures will be amended to satisfy the complaint
Where no action is taken, the student making the complaint will be advised of the reasons for this
A full record of the complaint, and any action taken, will be kept by the Principal/Director of Studies in the complaints file
In the event of a matter being unresolved an external independent adjudicating panel would be set up with a legal representative and English UK support member.
Customer Charter
The Customer Charter aims to improve access to the Suzanne Sparrow Plymouth Language School Services and to improve quality.The Charter informs customers of the standards of service to expect AND what action to take if anything goes wrong.
The Charter is reviewed and updated on a yearly basis.
Standards of Service
The Suzanne Sparrow Plymouth Language School is committed to promoting a positive learning environment amongst its students and staff.The school provides a safe, caring educational environment with close adherence to welfare and safeguarding regulations.
Mission statementWe at the Suzanne Sparrow(Plymouth) Language School run a friendly and welcoming school, providing high quality English tuition and accommodation with our carefully chosen homestay providers. We strive to ensure all our students have an inspirational and educational stay, helping them to achieve their individual goals, in a safe and caring environment.
Complaints
The school makes every effort possible to resolve any complaints received by the students and homestay providers within 24 hours.Any student wishing to make a complaint should address the complaint to the Director of Studies or the Principal who will ensure the complaint is passed to the relevant person/department to be addressed.Where possible action will be taken to resolve the complaint and where necessary procedures will be amended to satisfy the complaint.Where no action is taken the student will be advised of the reason for this.A full record of the complaint and any action taken will be kept by the Director of Studies or the Principal in the complaints file.In the event of a matter being unresolved an external independent adjudicating panel would be set up with a legal representative and English UK support member.
Contacts
All enquiries and bookings by e mail at study@sparrow.co.ukWebsite www.sparrow.co.uk
By surface mail to Suzanne Sparrow Plymouth Language School Barncroft, 72–74 North Road East, Plymouth, Devon PL4 6AL Tel +44 1752 222700 or What’sApp +44 7849848865
Assurance - Fair Service
The school strives to maintain a learning environment for its students in which honesty, integrity and respect are constantly reflected in personal behaviour and standards of conduct.The well-being, development and progress of students are of primary importance.The school promotes a learning environment which is completely free from bullying and demonstrates respect for diversity and equality.
Legislation
The school is accredited by The British Council and is a member of English UK. Inspections are carried out by the British Council.
Exclusion Policy
Behaviour: A student may be requested to leave his or her course if their behaviour is deemed to interfere with other students’ learning, or with their experience at the Suzanne Sparrow (Plymouth) Language School. In such circumstances, the student will be issued with a written warning that if their behaviour persists their course will no longer be available.
Serious Misconduct: In the case of an incident of behaviour that is deemed to be serious and that brings the school into disrepute the student will be asked to leave the school immediately. Arrangements will be made in such circumstances to repatriate the student. Any repatriation costs will NOT be covered by the school. Examples of such behaviour may include violation of criminal statutes through:
Substance Abuse (drugs, alcohol)
Sexual Misconduct
Theft
Aggressive Behaviour
Bullying
Vandalism
Racism
Where a student behaves inappropriately during a lesson or social activity, or in the care of their homestay provider, or at any other time whilst they are the responsibility of the Suzanne Sparrow Plymouth Language School they will be requested to attend a meeting with the Principal/Director of Studies and a member of the safeguarding team to explain their behaviour. Targets for improved behaviour will be clearly set out. Minutes of the meeting will be taken and a copy sent to parents/agent/sponsor as appropriate. A copy will also be kept in the Disciplinary file. The copy of the meeting minutes will constitute a first warning.
When a student fails to meet their agreement, the student will be asked to attend a meeting with the Principal/Director of Studies and a member of the safeguarding team. Where it is likely that an improvement in behaviour can be achieved, the meeting will result in further targets being written agreed. A copy of the targets will be sent to parents/agent/sponsor. This constitutes the final warning.
If a student continues to cause concern, the school can recommend permanent or temporary exclusion.
The student will have the right of appeal to the Chairman against any recommendation for permanent exclusion or suspension. Where a student is excluded from school due to persistent bad behaviour, no refund of fees will be given.
Gross Misconduct
Where students are alleged to have committed an act of Gross Misconduct (i.e. bullying, stealing, sexual harassment etc.) the school reserves the right to immediately exclude the student.
Where a student is excluded from school due to Gross Misconduct, no refund of fees will be given.
Where a visa into the country has been obtained on the basis of the student’s attendance at the school, the embassy in question and the Home Office will be notified of the decision.
Students with Difficulties and Disabilities Policy
Principles
The school is committed to promoting a learning environment which is completely inclusive for all students.
Procedures
The Director of Studies (DOS) and the Health and Safety Officer are informed by office staff of the arrival date of any student with learning difficulties or a disability, which has been indicated on the enrolment form.
The DOS informs the teacher and arranges for the needs of the student to be met: training is provided for teachers to assist them in dealing with these situations.
In the case of a disability, adequate provision is made ie use of ramps for wheelchair access, choice of suitable classroom and access to toilet facilities.
In the case of learning difficulties the teacher is provided with the necessary learning tools to aid that difficulty ie large printed work sheets for the partial sighted.
Where necessary a helper will be provided to assist with supported learning.
The accommodation team inform the homestay provider of the needs of the student and will provide assistance if required especially regarding the travel to and from school.
Visa Application Guidelines
Students wishing to study in the UK will need a valid passport to enter the country.
Depending on where they were born or live and length of study, students from outside the European Economic Area (EEA) and Switzerland will also need a visa (official permit) to study in England. If you are unsure if you need a Visa, please visit this website to check https://www.gov.uk/check-uk-visa
Visa Types
Short-Term Study Visa
For students who want to study a short course in the UK and will not work while they are here. A Short-Term Study Visa allows the student to study for up to 6 months or 11 months if you’re 16 or over and taking an English Language Course. A Short-Term Study Visa does NOT allow the student to work alongside their studies, have access to public funds or bring family members (“dependants”) with you – they must apply seperately. You can not renew your Short-Term Study Visa in the UK. For more information please check this website https://www.gov.uk/study-visit-visa/eligibility
Standard Visitor Visa
For adults who would just like to visit the UK for leisure, holiday to visit family and friends and to study is not the main reason to visit you can apply for the Standard Visitor Visa. Once in the UK if you decide to take a short English Language Course, you can study for up to 30 days. For more information please check this website https://www.gov.uk/standard-visitor-visa/eligibility
Standard Visitor Visa Under 18
If you are under 18 you can apply for a Standard Visitor Visa if
You have made suitable arrangements for your travel and stay in the UK
You have consent from your parent or guardian to travel to the UK
You are able to pay for your return or onward journey
You have enough money to support yourself without working or getting help from public funds, or you have family and friends that can support you
You can travel alone to the UK without an adult (someone over the age of 18), your parent or guardian will need to provide their:
Written consent for you to travel to the UK
Full contact details
The name, address and date of birth of the person that you will be staying with
Details of your relationship to the person who will be looking after you and their consent in writing so they can look after you during your stay in the UK
Please check here for further information on travelling with an adult (someone over the age of 18) https://www.gov.uk/standard-visitor-visa/if-youre-under-18
How to apply
Guidelines on how to apply for visas can be found on the following website:
https://www.gov.uk/apply-to-come-to-the-uk
Enrolment Policy
In order to enrol a student requiring a Visa, we require the following information:
Exact dates of study
Copies of passport
Completed enrolment form
A deposit of 25% of the full course fees is required to confirm the enrolment of the student.
Upon receipt of the deposit a letter confirming the student’s enrolment will be issued. The student can then use this letter to assist their visa application.
Fees will be refunded if the applicant is unsuccessful (less a non-refundable deposit of £100).
Sponsored Students
Sponsored students will need to provide us with a Financial Letter of Guarantee from their Sponsor / Embassy before they can start studying with us. (FLG)
During the student’s stay
Passports and visas are checked and photocopied upon arrival. All of the required contact details are obtained from the student (as per our Admissions Policy) upon arrival. Students are asked to advise the office of any changes in contact details.
Attendance is monitored throughout the student’s stay and the UKVI is notified of any sustained period of absence.
Useful references
https://www.gov.uk/government/organisations/uk-visas-and-immigration
Cancellation Policy
Procedures
Cancellation of a course by an individual will result in the loss of their £100 non-refundable deposit.
Cancellation of a student within a group is accepted if notification is given at least 7 days prior to arrival. In this case the fees for the cancelled student will be refunded less the £50 non-refundable deposit.
No refund will be given for the cancellation of a student within a group where less than 7 days’ notice is given. Where exceptional circumstances are evident a refund may be given at the school’s discretion.
Cancellation of a whole group more than 2 weeks before arrival will result in the loss of the group deposit (£50 per student)
Cancellation of a whole group less than two weeks before arrival will result in a 25% cancellation fee.
Once a course has commenced no refund can be made for leaving before the end of the course. Where exceptional circumstances are evident a refund may be given at the school’s discretion.
Procedure for Homestay
If an individual student wishes to leave the homestay provider before the end of their stay, one week’s notice must be given. If this is not possible a penalty of £50 will be imposed for repayment of the homestay provider.
If a student wishes to remain with their home stay provider during the Christmas Period, the student will be charged as follows:
£35 per night (24th Dec – 2nd Jan)
£25 per night outside of these dates
£12.50 per night across the Christmas break, if the student is not in the home but wishes to retain their room
Privacy Policy
The Suzanne Sparrow (Plymouth) Language School is committed to making sure that the privacy of our data subjects is protected. This privacy statement explains what information we collect, how we use this information, how our data subjects can tell us if they prefer to limit the use of their information and the procedures that we have in place to safeguard their privacy.We collect information from the following data subjects:
Students and their next-of-kin (emergency contacts)
Homestay Providers
Personnel (teaching and admin staff)
Agents/School Groups
We collect personal information:
To help students to enrol for our courses and send them the informationthey need to attend. We require the following information, as a minimum:
full name
date of birth
nationality and first language
address
email
mobile phone
gender
emergency contact details
passport details
we will need more information for different services, such as arranging accommodation or arrival/departure transfers.
To help homestay providers work with us. The minimum information weneed from homestays to provide accommodation is:
full name
date of birth
nationality and first language
address
email
mobile phone
gender
passport details (or alternative ID, such as a driving licence)
DBS number and date (where applicable)
To engage teaching or admin staff. The minimum information we need is:
full name
date of birth
nationality and first language
address
email
mobile phone
gender
passport details (or alternative ID, such as a driving licence)
bank account details
national insurance number
DBS number
degree and teaching qualification details
reference details
To help agents and school groups to work with us. The minimuminformation we need is:
full name
organisation name (where relevant)
address
email
mobile phone
bank account details (where relevant)
Our Privacy Promise:
We will make sure that we have appropriate data security measures in place.
We will make sure that our partners have appropriate data security measures in place
We will respect privacy. Students and agents will only receive marketing emails from us, if they opt in to receive marketing material from us.
We will collect and use personal information only if we have permission or we need to collect enough information to process a student's enrolment, engage a member of staff or engage a homestay.
We will be clear about what information we will collect and how we will use it.
We will use personal information only for the purposes for which it was originally collected.
If a data subject would like us to check, change or erase their data, they may do so at any time, provided that it does not affect our legal or contractual obligations.
What information we collect and how we use it:
We collect information:
When students enrol for a course
When homestay providers, agents and school groups work with us
When we engage teaching or admin staff
Through cookies on our website (anonymous data)
Legal Bases
Contract
Students or their agents give us data to process an enrolment so that we can provide a service to them.
Homestay providers give us data so that we can place students in accommodation with them.
Vital Interest
Emergency contact information
Legal Obligation
Passport, DBS, visa information
Legitimate Interest
We may give student and/or homestay information to our teachers, admin staff, homestays, transfer providers, social & programmes organiser, agents and other subcontractors to make sure that the services which form part of our contract can be delivered.
Consent
Any secondary processing of data (contacting students after their course to give follow-up information or market courses or contacting agents/school groups). This means we will not send communications unless specifically agreed.
We will always make it as easy as possible for our data subjects to choose not to allow us to use their data, providing it does not prevent us from giving them the service requested or undertaking the agreed contract.
How long do we keep data?We will hold information for 7 years after a student's course has finished/an employee contract has ended/a homestay relationship or agent/school group relationship has ended. After this time, the data is managed to make sure that it is either erased from our system or minimised and kept for legal reasons.
What anonymous statistical data do we keep?We collect statistics from our website, so we can monitor how people use it, and so we can develop our services. These statistics do not include information that can be used to identify an individual. We also collect statistics from our student and agent database so that we can analyse our student bookings. These statistics are reported to English UK and the British Council, however, they do not include information that can be used to identify an individual.
How can I check, correct, limit or erase use of my information?You can check, correct, instruct us to limit or erase any personal information we might hold about you. You can also ask us to provide all the information we hold on you.
Who do you share my data with?We may share your personal information in response to government requests, to operate our systems properly and to protect both us and our users. Any other organisations who have access to personal information while providing services on our behalf will be governed by strict contractual restrictions to make sure that they protect your information and keep to data protection and privacy laws which apply (see above legal bases for collecting and holding data). We may also independently audit these service providers to make sure that they meet our standards.
How we protect your informationThe safety of any data sent via online communications technology, such as email, cannot be guaranteed. When your personal information reaches us, however, it is stored securely and confidentially in accordance with GDPR.
Google Analytics cookiesThese first-party cookies are used for anonymously tracking visits to our website. No personally identifiable information is stored and the data is not shared with other domains. We use Google Analytics for anonymous reporting of our website usage. Ifyou would like to opt-out of Google Analytics monitoring your behaviour on our website, please use this link https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Preference cookie (accept_cookies_en)
This first party cookie contains only the word "yes" and flags your acceptance ofcookies on our website in general (as indicated by your continued use ofwww.sparrow.co.uk).
For more information about cookies and managing them, including how to turn them off, please visit please see www.allaboutcookies.org
By using our website, you are agreeing to the use of cookies as described above.
Changes to the privacy policyAny changes to our Privacy Policy will be detailed here. If these changes are significant, we may also email relevant people with new details. If we are required by law, we will obtain your consent to make these changes
Health and Safety Policy
The Principal as the employer recognises that the school has a duty of care towards its staff, both teaching and non-teaching and its students and members of the public (such as visitors who may use the premises).
This duty which is set out under the Health and Safety at Work Act 1974 will be discharged through the offices of the Principal, Director of Studies and the Health and Safety Officer.
To meet this duty the Principal expects senior members of staff and certain nominated persons to regard health and safety as at least as important as any other duty and not as an extra.  Members of staff who identify any practical conflict between health and safety and other priorities must bring this to the attention of the Principal, Director of Studies or Health and Safety Officer.
The Principal will be responsible for ensuring compliance with Suzanne Sparrow Plymouth Language School Health and Safety Policy.  The Principal has appointed a Health & Safety Officer to coordinate and oversee the school’s Health and Safety Policy with the assistance of the Director of Studies on matters relating to the premises and plant.
The teaching staff has a representative to represent them on health and safety matters to liaise closely with the DOS and Principal and will co-ordinate matters of concern expressed by the teaching staff.
The Health and Safety Officer, will keep abreast and up-to-date on health and safety issues and will generally circulate relevant information to the teaching staff.
Members of staff will be given training (either in-service or on external courses), where necessary to complement their knowledge and experience in respect of special health and safety risks.
This Policy will not be effective unless all staff co-operate with the Principal, Director of Studies and Health and Safety Officer, in taking every practicable precaution to protect their own health and safety and that of students and other persons affected by those activities.
Members of staff owe a special duty of care to students, especially teaching staff who may also be in the position of “Loco-parentis”.  This duty can only be discharged by careful attention to the way in which they plan and supervise teaching periods, field trips and practical studies etc.
Specific examples of important health and safety standards are set out in Part C of the school’s Health & Safety Policy.
All accidents, whether to students, teaching or non-teaching staff are to be entered in the Accident book in the school Office.
The Principal and Senior Members of Staff are aware that the activities of students and employees may affect the external environment and will pay full regard to the implications of the Environmental Protection Act 1990 - taking particular notice of the duty of care in respect of waste.
Written Risk Assessments will be maintained of the risks to the health and safety of students and employees whilst they are on the school’s premises and grounds as required by the Management of Health and Safety at Work Regulations 1992.  It is the Health and Safety Officer’s responsibility for all activities associated directly with the school.  Other members of staff will be responsible for assessments for activities they organise and run (extra-curricular activities, sports, a visit etc.)  A Risk Assessment form is on the following pages.
This Policy will be regularly reviewed and new or unusual hazards will be communicated to all affected persons.
Take a course with us and see how we can help you achieve your goals!
Book Now
Thank you for your booking
Proof of Identification Required
Please send us a copy of your ID or passport to study@sparrow.co.uk.
CLOSE
CookiesWe are using cookies to give you the best experience on our site. Cookies are files stored in your browser and are used by most websites to help personalize your web experience. By continuing to use our website without changing the settings, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.I agree