http://www.bmop.org/privacy-policy
Jump to navigation
Search form
Search this site
shopping cart
order history
join community
contact
Main menuexplore bmop
season & tickets
Audio Recordings
support bmop
news & press
Privacy Policy
This website is maintained by the Boston Modern Orchestra Project, Inc. for the primary purpose of providing information about the orchestra’s past and present performance schedules and to allow visitors to purchase subscriptions, single tickets, and merchandise via secure transactions through the Internet. BMOP adopted this Privacy Policy to inform users of the bmop.org website how the site collects, stores, and uses personal information submitted via the site.
1. Collection of Information
Certain features on the BMOP website may require users to provide personal information in order to make a commerce transaction or to be included on our electronic mailing lists. To better understand the needs of our website users, we may also request demographic information on users from time to time on a voluntary basis. Such information gathered and provided to any third party does not contain any information that identifies the user, but contains generalized, aggregate data or so called “demographic information.” Entry of such information is optional and if you choose not to enter such information, you can successfully use the applications. Subscriber and donor information is never shared.
2. Mailing Lists
If you provide your e-mail address, BMOP may periodically contact you with special offers, updated information, and new services. Any e-mails sent to you by BMOP offer you the option to be removed from our e-mail list.
Our website allows visitors to subscribe to our mailing list by providing their names and addresses to BMOP. If you provide BMOP with your mailing address or telephone number, BMOP, in addition to providing you with concert announcements, may also use this information to alert you to updated information and new services. If you wish to be removed from the mailing list, you may do so by contacting BMOP directly. (See the “Contact us” section below).
3. Contact Us / How to Update Your Personal Information
To help BMOP maintain the accuracy of your personal information we ask that you notify us when you change your address, phone number, or email address. Contact us via email at bmop@bmop.org or call 781.324.0396 if you wish to update your information or if you no longer wish to receive communications from BMOP. You can also write to us at: BMOP, 376 Washington Street, Malden, MA 02148. For updating requests, please provide your old and new contact information so we can make the appropriate changes.
4. Security
This site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. Our security server software (SSL) is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read as the information travels over the Internet.
We do not store credit card information on our web servers.
5. Notification of Changes
Any changes to BMOP’s privacy policy will be posted on this page so that our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.