https://www.beaulieu.co.uk/terms-conditions/
What's to see?EventsPlan your visitNewsGroupsEducation Visits & School GroupsGroup Visits & ToursGroup DiningCorporate & WeddingsLeith's at BeaulieuOur VenuesWeddingsCorporate HospitalityMeeting & Conference FacilitiesChristmas & New Year's Eve Parties
We are looking forward to welcoming visitors back on Saturday 12th December. Find out more here.
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Access and use of this website, together with the sale and the purchase of products from the site, are governed by the terms and conditions set out below.
By using the website, you agree to accept the following terms and conditions. If you do not wish to accept these terms and conditions, you may choose not to use this site or contact us to ask for further information. A contract between Beaulieu Enterprises Ltd and the customer will exist once an order has been accepted, processed, dispatched and received.
Company Details
This site is owned by Beaulieu Enterprises Ltd which is a private limited company, registered in England (company no. 00152186) with its registered office at John Montagu Building, Beaulieu, Brockenhurst, Hampshire, SO42 7ZN.
Skip to...
General Terms & Conditions
Attraction E-ticket Terms & Conditions
Event E-ticket Terms & Conditions
Event Exhibitor Terms & Conditions
Conditions of Website Use
General Terms & Conditions of Sale
1. VAT
All prices include VAT and are subject to change up to the point of purchase.
2. Ownership
Tickets remain the property of Beaulieu Enterprises Ltd.
3. Refunds / Resale
Beaulieu Attraction and Event tickets may not be exchanged nor money refunded once purchased. They are not for resale by the end user, are non-refundable and have no cash value. Replacements for lost tickets will not be issued and there will be no refunds for unused tickets.
4. Online User Account
You will be prompted to create an account when purchasing tickets and/or exhibitor space via the website. We collect certain personal information from you during the purchase process (for example your name, email address, payment address and details). All such information is held on secure servers. Beaulieu Enterprises Ltd complies fully with all applicable Data Protection and consumer legislation, and will treat all your personal information as fully confidential. Under the terms of the data protection act, you may request for your account to be closed and your record removed at any time by emailing shop@beaulieu.co.uk.
5. Payment Processing
We use Sagepay as our external payment provider for online transactions at beaulieu.co.uk. We require the billing address of the payment card you use so that we can pass this to Sagepay, who check the address against the cardholder's details for security purposes. We don't store the payment card details on our server. Sagepay requires that you provide your payment card details to process the transaction. This is done on a secure Sagepay server and data passing between beaulieu.co.uk servers and Sagepay are encrypted using 128bit SSL (Secure Sockets Layer).
6. Access to the Beaulieu Attraction and Events
The management reserve the right, in combination with any other statements or directives which may be displayed at the event or complex, to:
Refuse admission of the ticket holder to the site.
Request the ticket holder to leave the site and take appropriate measure to enforce such a request.
Cancel, curtail, abandon the event or close the complex for reasons beyond its control without notice and without being liable to pay any person any compensation or damage whatsoever other than, at the management's discretion a possible percentage or maximum refund to the ticket holder of the value of the ticket.
7. Photography
Vehicles (and by association, vehicle owners) participating in Beaulieu Events and members of the general public visiting the Beaulieu attraction in general may be photographed or filmed. These images (moving and still) will be used for promotional and commercial purposes and therefore may appear in our and other printed publications, in the media, on video, on websites or social media or all of the above.  They may also be used by third parties promoting our events and the Beaulieu attraction on our behalf.  Beaulieu will not be liable for making any payment or consideration for the use of such imagery or film footage to individuals or owners of vehicles included in these images.  If you do not wish, or you do not wish for your vehicle, to be photographed and the images to be used for the purposes previously stated, you must make this clear in advance of the event or immediately on arrival at the attraction to a member of the Beaulieu Team, providing details of yourself and or vehicle make, model and registration number.
Whilst Beaulieu welcomes visitors to take their own still images and film whilst at the attraction and associated car parking and other related parkland and grounds, or an event, these should be for personal use only and not for commercial resale without the prior consent of Beaulieu. All commercial photography requests must be emailed to pr@beaulieu.co.uk prior to attending the attraction or an event.
The use of unmanned aerial vehicles or drones by visitors for film and photography purposes whilst on the Beaulieu attraction car parking and other related parkland and grounds is strictly prohibited.
Beaulieu Attraction E-ticket Terms & Conditions
1. The attraction e-tickets are sent out as one e-ticket per order to your email address for you to print and bring along with you. If you are unable to print your ticket, you may present it via a smartphone.
2. The e-ticket is valid from the day after purchase. An e-ticket allows one-day entry to the attraction and is valid for one year from purchase.
3. When a family ticket is presented, all members of the group must enter at the same time.
4. Tickets not used by the expiry date shown will not be extended or replaced under any circumstances.
5. If you are eligible to and have Gift Aided your payment then you agree to abide by the rules and regulations of that scheme as they apply at the Beaulieu complex. Terms and conditions of the Gift Aid pass are available here.
Beaulieu Event E-ticket Terms & Conditions
1. Online event tickets are sent out as one e-ticket per order to your email address.
2. You must print this ticket and bring along with you to the event.
3. All visitors covered by the e-ticket must arrive together. Multiple copies of the e-ticket are not permitted.
4. Please note: e-tickets will be scanned and validated on arrival at Beaulieu. Beaulieu Enterprises Ltd reserves the right to charge the original purchaser for any duplicate e-tickets used to fraudulently gain entry to the attraction or an event.
Beaulieu Event Exhibitor Booking Terms & Conditions
1. Your event exhibitor booking is non-transferable and is not for re-sale.
2. Online orders will be processed within five working days by the Beaulieu Events Team.
3. Stand Spaces are not guaranteed. We will try to accommodate where possible requests for specific stands but offer no guarantees. Your allocated stand number will be communicated to you after our stand allocation process 6-8 weeks before the event.
4. Our exhibitor booking refund policy is as follows: to receive a part refund, exhibitors must notify the events office on 01590 614614 as soon as possible if they wish to cancel. All passes must be returned before a refund will be accepted and processed. Refunds are as follows
- Cancellation 30 DAYS+ of the event = 10% administration fee deducted
- Cancellation less than 30 days but more than 7 days = 30% administration fee deducted.
- Cancellation less than 7 days before event = No Refund Given
5. You are agreeing to sell products that are applicable to the event.
6. By booking exhibitor space for a Beaulieu event you are agreeing that you will fit within your stand space and will have enough vehicle and exhibitor passes to cover your booking needs.
A Christmas Carol - Terms & Conditions
The performance is by London Touring Players (Organiser), hosted by Beaulieu Enterprises Ltd (Venue) at the Beaulieu visitor attraction.
Ticket sale terms and conditions
1.      The tickets are for the performance only and are not valid for entry to the Beaulieu visitor attractions including the National Motor Museum, Palace House, World of Top Gear, Little Beaulieu.
2.      Tickets are non-refundable.
3.      Tickets cannot be exchanged, transferred, or resold for commercial gain.
4.      Visitors will not be allowed admission to the performance without a valid ticket.
5.      For the safety of visitors to the performance, the organiser and venue reserve the right to refuse admission, and may, on occasions conduct security searches.
6.      Please check all your tickets on purchase, as mistakes cannot always be rectified.
7.      Beaulieu Enterprises Ltd and London Touring Players reserve the right to alter or vary the content or timing of the whole or any part of the performance due to circumstances beyond our reasonable control without being obliged to refund or exchange tickets.
8.      Beaulieu Enterprises Ltd and London Touring Players cannot accept responsibility for any loss or damage to personal property brought to the performance.
9.      Visitors may be filmed or recorded for broadcast or security purposes during the performance.
If you have any queries regarding your advance ticket order, please contact SEE Tickets via their Live Chat facility or telephone Beaulieu on 01590 612345 between 10am and 5pm.
CONDITIONS OF WEBSITE USE
1. COPYRIGHT/TRADEMARKS
Unless otherwise stated, the copyright and other intellectual property rights in all material in this site, including photographs and graphical images, is owned by Beaulieu Enterprises Limited or an associated entity. You are permitted to print or download extracts from this site on the following basis :
Use of documents and related graphics on this site is for information and non commercial or personal use only; any copies of these pages saved to CD or to any other storage medium may only be used for subsequent viewing purposes or to print extracts for personal use.
No documents or related graphics on this site are modified in any way.
No graphics on this site are used separately from accompanying text.
No part of this site may be reproduced or stored in any other web site or included in any public or private electronic retrieval system without prior written permission.
Any rights not expressly granted in these terms are reserved.
2. ACCESS
Whilst we endeavour to ensure that this site is normally available 24 hours a day, we will not be liable if for any reason the site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
Access to this site may be suspended temporarily and without notice.
3. LIABILITY
Whilst we endeavour to ensure that the information on this site is accurate, we shall not be liable for any damages arising from the use of or inability to use this site, or any information contained in it, or from any action or decision taken as a result of using this site or any such information.
We accept no responsibility for the content of any site to which a hypertext link from this site exists. The links are provided 'as is' with no warranty, express or implied, for the information provided therein.
4. GENERAL
By accessing any part of this site, you shall be deemed to have accepted these terms in full.
These terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English Law.
Share this page
Your privacy
Read our Privacy Statement here, including how we use 'cookies' on the website.
Privacy Statement
Join the Beaulieu newsletter
For all the latest offers & happenings here...
Join
Notice:
This website would like to remind you that your browser is out of date, for a better experience please upgrade.