http://www.artsprofessional.co.uk/privacy/cookies
Jump to navigation
Login
Register
Mobile menu
ArtsProfessional
News
Features
Jobs
Events & Training
Arts Courses Directory
Services Directory
Advertise
Subscribe
Search
Main menu
ArtsProfessional
Jobs
Events & Courses
Services Directory
Advertise
Subscribe
About Us
You are hereHome::Our policy on website cookies
Our policy on website cookies
Use of cookies by ArtsProfessional websites.
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. Most of the cookies are set long term, in some cases defaulting to one year, though a few are set only momentarily or for one day. They are set for separately for each browser a user uses, and can all be unset by the user by removing them from the browser (more details below). Most of the cookies we set are needed for the website to work correctly. Allowing tracking with Google Analytics is optional. The table below explains the cookies we use and why.
Cookie
Name
Purpose
Cookie preference
cookie_consent
This cookie is used to remember a user’s choice about cookies on www.artsprofessional.co.uk and the subscription section at subscribe.artsprofessional.co.uk. Where users have previously indicated a preference, that user’s preference will be stored in this cookie.
Universal Analytics (Google)
_ga
_gat
_gid
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our website. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the website. The cookies collect information in a way that does not directly identify anyone, including the number of visitors to the website and blog, where visitors have come to the website from and the pages they visited. Google may use this information for remarketing, i.e. to target appropriate advertisements, except where a user has opted out of tracking. There is more information on opting out of Google tracking at the bottom of this page.
Read Google's overview of privacy and safeguarding data
Website monitoring
__cfduid
This cookie is used by pingdom.com to check that our website is functioning well.
Popup control
*_modal_shown
This cookie checks whether a visitor has recently seen one of our popups inviting them to subscribe to the site or our emails, in order to avoid showing that popup too often.
Session cookie
SESS*
PHPSESSID*
webform-*
These cookies are needed to keep track of users who are logged in, and of users who are not logged in but are filling in forms or making a purchase on the site, so that individual information they have submitted can be stored on their behalf, whlst not showing it to other users.
Single sign on
Drupal.visitor.SSO*
When a user logs into or out of one of our sites, such as www.artsprofessionao.co.uk, or subscribe.artsprofessional.co.uk, these cookies, which last for a few seconds, carry the same login or logout across the other related sites.
Stripe
__stripe_mid
__stripe_sid
We use Stripe for collecting card payments when we sell a subscription. Stripe sets these cookies to .
How do I change my cookie settings?
You can change your cookie preferences at any time by clicking here. You may need to refresh your page for your settings to take effect.
Alternatively, most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
Find out how to manage cookies on popular browsers:
Google Chrome
Microsoft Edge
Mozilla Firefox
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Opera
Apple Safari
To find information relating to other browsers, visit the browser developer's website.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Search form
Search
Follow us on Twitter
ArtsProfessional
@ArtsPro
Follow @ArtsPro
#APNews: Despite the lockdown across England, advance ticket sales to UK venues during November were at their highe… t.co/nxbSyHRDX7
15 hours 9 min ago.
Reply Retweet Favorite