http://www.starlight.org/privacy/
Last Updated: October 17, 2019 Starlight Children’s Foundation (“Starlight”, “we”, “us”, “our”) cares about privacy. We want you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”) (as defined below) about you and your minor children that you provide us through www.starlight.org (the “Site”), or through your online or offline donations. Please note that this Privacy Policy governs only PII provided to Starlight through the Site and through offline donations. It does not govern our collection of information through any other website.BY USING THE SITE, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITE. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy without prior notice. You can determine when this Privacy Policy was last revised by referring to the “Last Updated” legend at the top of this page. Any changes to our Privacy Policy will become effective upon our posting the revised Policy on the Site. Use of the Site following such changes constitutes your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy then in effect.Note Regarding the Use of the Site by Children: the Site is not directed to individuals under the age of thirteen (13), and we do not collect Personally Identifiable Information through the Site from such individuals without parental consent.1.  What Types of Information Does Starlight Collect From Me?Starlight gathers two basic types of information through the Site: PII and Other Information. PII is information that identifies you as an individual. Other Information is aggregated information, demographic information such as date of birth, IP addresses and any other information that does not reveal your specific identity.a.   PII. In order for you to take advantage of particular opportunities provided through the Site, we may request that you furnish PII, such as your name, postal address, telephone number, date of birth, e-mail address, credit card information, annual income (entirely optional), user name, and information about your children, including illness information. We collect your PII through the Site in a variety of ways, including through the services, e.g., when you sign up for a newsletter or make a donation, or we may receive PII from other sources. When you submit PII on the Site, you are giving your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of PII about you as set forth in this Privacy Policy. If you submit any PII relating to another person to us or to our service providers in connection with the Site, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.b.  Other Information. “Other Information” is any information that does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an individual. When you visit and interact with the Site, Starlight, and third parties with whom Starlight has contracted to provide services to Starlight may collect Other Information (for example, a catalog of the Site pages you visit). Other Information is generally collected from four different sources: server log files, through your browser, cookies, and information that you voluntarily provide.(i)             Server Log Files. Your Internet Protocol (IP) address is an identifying number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your Internet Service Provider (ISP). This number is identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever you visit the Site, along with the time(s) of your visit(s) and the page(s) that you visited. We use IP addresses for purposes such as calculating Site usage levels, helping diagnose problems with the Site’s servers, administering the Site, tracking traffic patterns, and gathering demographic information for aggregate use. Collecting IP addresses is standard practice on the Internet and is done automatically by many websites.(ii)           Through Your Browser. We and our service providers may also collect certain environmental variables, such as your MAC address, computer type (such as Windows or Macintosh), screen resolution, OS version, and Internet browser type and version. These environmental variables are collected by most browsers, and can be used to optimize your experience on the Site.(iii)          Cookies. We and our service providers may use “cookies” on the Site. Cookies are data that a web server transfers to an individual’s computer for record-keeping and other purposes. Cookies are an industry standard used by most websites, and can facilitate users’ ongoing access to and use of a particular website. Cookies do not cause damage to your computer systems or files. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to automatically decline cookies, or to be given the choice of declining or accepting the transfer of a particular cookie, or cookies from a particular website, to your computer. To learn more about cookies, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/. If you choose to decline cookies, some or all of the features, functionality and promotions available through the Site may not be available to you.(iv)          Google Analytics. We use Google Analytics, which uses cookies and other, similar technologies to collect information about Site use anonymously and reports website trends, without identifying individual visitors. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to www.google.com/policies/privacy//, and opt out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.(v)           Information You Voluntarily Provide. From time to time we may also collect Other Information (e.g., date of birth, your interests, geographic location, occupation,
information regarding donations, etc.) when you voluntarily provide such information to us.  Such information constitutes Other Information because, unless combined with PII, it does not personally identify you or any other user.(vi)          Aggregated Information. Additionally, we may aggregate Other Information or PII in a manner such that the end-product does not personally identify you or any other user of the Site. For example, we may aggregate information to calculate the percentage of our users who have a particular telephone area code. Such aggregate information is considered Other Information for purposes of this Policy.2.  How is Information Collected on the Site Used?a.   Personally Identifiable Information. Starlight may use PII about you in the following ways:(i)
Registering for the Services.  When you register through the Site, we use information collected to create an account for you.(ii)
Fulfillment of Requests. We use PII about you to respond to your inquiries or to fulfill any request you make at the time you provide the PII or to acknowledge your donation.(iii)
Administrative Communications. From time to time, in our sole discretion, we may use PII about you to send to you important information regarding Starlight and/or the Site, or changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information may be important to your use of the Site, you may not opt out of receiving such communications.(iv)
Other Communications. The PII you provide may be used by Starlight to create and deliver to you communications such as our newsletters, surveys, fundraising communications, or other messages containing event information. If you would prefer that we do not send such marketing messages to you, please see the “Opt-Out” section below.(v)
Internal Business Purposes. We may use PII about you for our internal business purposes, such as data analysis, internal reports, audits, and so forth.(vi)
Financial support. We may also use PII about you for the purpose of managing our various financial support programs (and fundraising campaigns).(vii)
Processing Donations. When you make a donation through the Site or any other means, by written communication or otherwise, we may collect your credit card number or other payment account number, billing address, and other information related to such transaction  (collectively, “Payment Information”) from you, and may use such Payment Information in order to process your donation and send you related communications.Please note that depending on your chosen method of payment, you may need to use a third-party payment service (a “Payment Service”). If you wish to make a payment and/or a donation through such a Payment Service, you will be directed to a web page hosted by the Payment Service (or the Payment Service’s service providers) and not by Starlight. Any PII that you provide through the Payment Service Page will be collected by the Payment Service and not by us, and will be subject to the Payment Service’s privacy policy, not this Policy. We have no control over, and shall not be responsible for, any Payment Service’s use of information collected through its Payment Service Page. PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS PRIVACY POLICY ONLY ADDRESSES PAYMENT INFORMATION THAT YOU GIVE TO US. THIS PRIVACY POLICY DOES NOT ADDRESS THE COLLECTION AND USE OF PAYMENT INFORMATION THROUGH THE PAYMENT SERVICE PAGE OR THE PRIVACY OR INFORMATION PRACTICES OF THE PAYMENT SERVICE.b.  Other Information. Because Other Information does not personally identify you, we (including our affiliates) may use such information for any purpose. In addition, we reserve the right to share such information with third parties, for any purpose. In some instances, we may combine Other Information with PII (such as combining your name with your geographic location). If we do combine any Other Information with PII, the combined information will be treated by us as PII hereunder as long as it is so combined.3.  How is Personally Identifiable Collected From You By Starlight Disclosed?We will never sell, share, or trade your PII with anyone or send donor mailings on behalf of another organization, except as necessary to transfer PII to a third party in the event of any sale, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of Starlight’s assets.a.  Third Party Service Providers. We work with third parties who provide services including but not limited to web site hosting, processing donations, data analysis, and other services of an administrative nature. We reserve the right to share PII about you with these third parties solely for the purpose of enabling these third parties to provide such services (for example, if you choose to make a purchase through the Site, we may share your Payment Information or other PII with our third party service providers to fulfill your purchase, including, without limitation, to process your credit card or payment account number).b.  To Identify You, at Your Initiative.  We may use your PII to identify you to anyone on whose behalf you designate a donation.c.  Assignment. We reserve the right to transfer any and all PII that we collect from users of the Site to a third party in the event of any sale, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of Starlight’s assets.d.  Law Enforcement; Emergencies; Compliance. We reserve the right to use or disclose PII about you as we believe to be appropriate: (i) under applicable law; (ii) to comply with legal process or governmental requests; (iii) to enforce the Starlight Terms of Use; (iv) to protect our operations or those of any affiliates; (v) to protect the rights, privacy, safety or property of Starlight, its affiliates, you or others; and (vi) to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.4.  Other Important Notes Regarding Our Privacy Practicesa.  Notice Regarding Security. We seek to have security measures and tools in place to help protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. Unfortunately, there is no such thing as perfect security in an online environment. As a result, although we strive to protect PII about you, we cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to us through or in connection with the Site or that is stored by us. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), you must immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with “Contacting Us” below.b.  Third-Party Sites. The Site may contain links to third-party websites. These linked sites are not under Starlight’s control and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the contents of any such linked site, or any link contained in any linked site. We provide such links only as a convenience, and the inclusion of a link on the Site does not imply endorsement of the linked site by Starlight. If you provide any PII through any such third-party website, your interaction will occur on such third party’s website (not the Site) and the PII you provide will be collected by, and controlled by, the privacy policy of that third party. We recommend that you familiarize yourself with the privacy policies and practices of any such third parties. PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS POLICY DOES NOT ADDRESS THE PRIVACY OR INFORMATION PRACTICES OF ANY THIRD PARTIES.c.  Opt-out. If you do not wish to receive fundraising or marketing-related e-mails or mailed communications from us, you may opt-out of receiving such fundraising or marketing-related e-mails or mailed communications or from such sharing by following the opt-out instructions in any such fundraising or marketing-related e-mail or mailed communications that you receive. We will endeavor to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.d.  Accessing, Changing, or Removing PII. We provide you with several options for reviewing, correcting, updating, or deleting PII that you have previously provided through the Site or any other form of written communication:(i)
You will be able to view or edit PII about you online. In order to help prevent PII about you from being viewed by others, you will be required to sign in with your username and password. Once you have signed in, you can review, change, or delete your personal profile by going to your personal profile page on the Site.(ii)
You may also submit a request to change, delete, or limit the purposes of use of PII about you by emailing us at privacy@starlight.org or mailing us at Starlight Children’s Foundation, Attention: Webmaster, 400 Corporate Pointe, Suite 590, Culver City, CA, 90230. We strive to comply with all reasonable requests for change or deletion of PII.(iii)
Please note that for your protection, we may need to verify your identity before making any changes to PII about you. In each event, you must clearly indicate the information that you wish to have changed, or clearly indicate that you wish to have PII about you removed from our database. Please note that we may need to retain certain information for record-keeping purposes, and there may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records, which will not be removed therefrom. We also reserve the right, from time to time, to re-contact former users of the Site. Finally, we are not responsible for removing information from the databases of third parties with whom we have already shared PII about you.e.   Retention Period. We will retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.f.   Jurisdictional Issues. The Site is controlled and operated by Starlight from the United States, and is not intended to subject Starlight to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States. Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Site you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have different data protection rules than those of your country. Starlight does not represent or warrant that the Site or any part thereof is appropriate or available for use in any particular jurisdiction. Those who choose to access the Site do so in their own initiative, and are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules, and regulations.g.   Contacting Us. You may contact us at privacy@starlight.org. Please note that e-mail communications will not necessarily be secure; accordingly you should not include credit card information or other sensitive information in your email correspondence with us.