https://www.glenbrookcinema.com.au/privacy-policy/
Home
: Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyTerms of Use
This document contains the terms and conditions governing your use of this website and your purchase of any movie tickets, goods or services from Glenbrook Cinema using this website. If the Terms of Use or Privacy Policy are not acceptable to you, you must not use this website.
APPLICATION OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
You agree that your use of this website and the purchase of any movie ticket, goods or services will be governed by these terms and conditions ("Terms of Use").
If Glenbrook Cinema suffers or incurs any loss or damage in connection with any breach of these Terms of Use you agree to indemnify Glenbrook Cinema for all losses and damages.
WEBSITE USAGE
You agree that in using this website, you will not:
use parts of this website reserved for registered members unless you are registered as a member;
interfere with the usage of this website by others;
use this website in an illegal manner;
upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any document or information to this website that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libellous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, sexually, ethnically or otherwise objectionable or vilifying;
upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any document or information to this website that infringes any Intellectual Property Rights of any person;
upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any computer or website programming code;
attempt to circumvent any security features of this website;
upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment; or
interfere with or disrupt this website, the server hosting this website, or servers or networks connected to the server hosting this website.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
You acknowledge and agree that the copyright and other intellectual property rights in this website and in all information and materials on this website ("website content") are owned by Glenbrook Cinema, its affiliates, suppliers or licensors unless expressly indicated. The website content is protected by Australian and international copyright and trademark laws.
You agree that you will not do any of the following without Glenbrook Cinema’s written permission:
use Glenbrook Cinema’s trademarks, except for printing out a copy of this website or as part of a reference to a Glenbrook Cinema product or service;
reproduce, copy, modify, merge, adapt, translate, re publish, frame, upload to a third party, post, transmit, broadcast, communicate to the public or otherwise make the website content available to the public;
transmit or display the website content on any computer, system or network which permits electronic access by more than one user at a time;
use, sell, assign, rent, sub licence or otherwise deal with the website content except as permitted by these Terms of Use; or
anything else which would infringe Glenbrook Cinema’s rights or the rights of Glenbrook Cinema’s content suppliers.
You may view this website using a web "browser" so long as you don't change the form of copyright and other proprietary notices. If you are interested in a piece of content for your personal, non commercial use, you may save a single copy, print one or download one.
REGISTRATION
You may be asked to provide Personal Information to Glenbrook Cinema before purchasing any movie ticket, goods or services from this website, before entering any competition on the website or before registering as a member of this website. If you do not provide that personal information to Glenbrook Cinema, Glenbrook Cinema may not be able to sell you movie tickets, goods or services, enter you into that competition or register you as a member.
All personal information Glenbrook Cinema collects from this website will be maintained in accordance with Glenbrook Cinema’s Privacy Policy.
You acknowledge that if you do not register as a member of this website, parts of this website designed for registered members may not be accessible to you.
You agree to keep all membership and registration information secret and accept responsibility for all actions performed by any person accessing this website using your member account.
Glenbrook Cinema may use techniques designed to identify fraudulent activities on the website, such as fraudulent credit card use. If any unauthorised use of your credit card occurs as a result of your credit card purchase on the website, you should notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures.
You agree that Glenbrook Cinema may cancel your registration as a member and/or refuse you access to this website at any time in its sole discretion.
Further terms and conditions for Glenbrook Cinema's Loyalty Program apply.
SUBMITTED DATA AND COMMENTS
For any information or material provided by you for entry into any competition hosted on this website, or any comment made by you in respect to any information on this website, you agree to grant us irrevocable, perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive, worldwide license to use, reproduce, modify, sublicense, redistribute, adapt, transmit, publish, broadcast and display that information or material and create derivative works from it.
MOVIE TICKET PURCHASES
Movie tickets purchased via this website are non-refundable and are not available for exchange, unless required by law.
A booking fee per ticket will apply to all tickets purchased via this website.
Where allocated seating applies to a session you have the choice of choosing your own seat on the website. Otherwise seat allocation for movie tickets purchased via this website is on a "best available" basis and is carried out by a prescribed computer program.
You agree that Glenbrook Cinema may at its discretion, refuse to sell movie tickets to you or withdraw any movie tickets from sale via this website.
PURCHASES AND GST
Prices on this website include GST where applicable.
COMPETITION ENTRY
By entering any promotion or competition you are bound by and agree to comply with the competition terms and conditions of that competition.
MODIFICATION OF THESE TERMS AND THIS WEBSITE
You agree that Glenbrook Cinema may at any time, in its sole discretion, modify any part of this website, including these Terms of Use.
THIRD PARTY LINKS AND ADVERTISING
Glenbrook Cinema provides hyperlinks to third party sites ("Linked Sites") for convenience only, and the inclusion of the hyperlink does not imply any endorsement of the Linked Site by Glenbrook Cinema or its affiliates. In addition, the inclusion of third party advertising on this website (whether with or without hyperlinks) is not an endorsement or recommendation of the third party advertiser by Glenbrook Cinema or its affiliates.
You acknowledge and agree that Linked Sites are not under the control of Glenbrook Cinema and that Glenbrook Cinema is not liable or responsible for:
any act, omission or negligence of any person who administers or owns any Linked Site;
the copyright compliance, legality or decency of any Linked Site;
the accuracy or reliability of any information provided by any Linked Site;
any goods or services provided by any person who administers or owns any Linked Site; or
the performance of any obligations owing to by any person who administers or owns any Linked Site.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
You acknowledge and agree that apart from where required by law, this website and all website content is provided "as is" without warranties of any kind, express or implied.
You acknowledge that, apart from where stated to the contrary on this website, Glenbrook Cinema has not made any representations or given any warranties:
as to the functionality or content of this website;
as to the accuracy or completeness of any website content;
that access to this website will be uninterrupted or error free or that the website or the server which stores and transmits the website content to you are free from viruses;
that any links contained on this website will provide you with any useful information; or
that movie tickets to any particular cinema, movie or session will be available for sale to you.
DISCLAIMER
Except as provided by law, neither Glenbrook Cinema nor its affiliates nor the employees, officers and agents of Glenbrook Cinema or its affiliates will be under any liability to you, in contract, tort or otherwise, in respect of any loss or damage (including consequential loss or damage, loss of profits, economic loss or loss of information) which may be suffered or incurred or which may arise directly or indirectly in respect of:
your use of this website;
the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any website content or information contained in that website content;
your use of any websites that this website links to;
any movie tickets or other goods or services supplied pursuant to these Terms of Use; or
in respect of the failure of Glenbrook Cinema to comply with its obligations under these Terms of Use.
IMPLIED TERMS
Where legislation implies in these Terms of Use any condition or warranty and that legislation avoids or prohibits provisions in a contract excluding or modifying the application or exercise of or liability under such condition or warranty, the condition or warranty will be deemed to be included in these Terms of Use. However, the liability of Glenbrook Cinema for any breach of such condition or warranty or any other breach of these Terms of Use will be limited, at the option of Glenbrook Cinema, to one or more of the following:
If the breach relates to services:
the supplying of the services again; or
the payment of the cost of having the services supplied again.
GOVERNING LAW
These Terms of Use shall be construed in accordance with and shall be governed by the laws in force in the State of New South Wales.
You irrevocably submit to and accept the exclusive jurisdiction of any of the Courts of the State of New South Wales or the Commonwealth of Australia and any courts of appeal from these courts.
Glenbrook Cinema Policies
The following describes our information gathering and dissemination practices in relation to information collected about you via this web site. This policy has been developed in accordance with the Commonwealth of Australia Privacy Act 1988. Further information on your rights can be found on The Australian Privacy Commissioners website at www.privacy.gov.au.
Browser Information
When you visit this site, our server logs information which is provided by your browser. This information is used to create statistics which allow us to assess web site efficiency.
The information logged is as follows:
the type of browser you are using;
the address of the referring site;
your service provider's IP address;
the address of the pages accessed and any documents downloaded.
No attempt will be made to personally identify you from the above browser information unless disclosure is required by law or due to a mandatory requirement of a Court, Governmental Agency or Regulatory Authority. We use the information only for statistical analysis or systems administration purposes.
Identification
No prohibited identifiers (such as a tax file number) are used at any time for identification.
Ticket Purchase and Billing Information
When purchasing tickets through this website you must provide personal details, including credit card billing information. Your credit card details are used for real-time billing of ticket purchases and are not retained on our server. To facilitate your ticket purchase your billing information is shared with our banking gateway partner, Payment Express. More information on how Payment Express handles your information can be found at www.paymentexpress.com.au.
Electronic mail addresses
We will record your email address if you transmit it to us electronically either in an email message or via a web page form. Your email address will only be used for the purpose for which you provide it and will not be added to a mailing list unless you request that this be done. We will not disclose it without your consent.
Competitions
From time to time we may conduct competitions and give you the choice of receiving further contact from us. Unless you make the choice for us to contact you further, the personal information which we collect from your entry into the competition will not be used for any purpose other than for the competition.
Subscription and Feedback forms
Some pages of this website provide the facility for users to fill out an online form for the purpose of subscribing to a special service or to provide us with feedback about our website. We will ask you for your personal information to fulfil that purpose. We will record it to facilitate follow up and for statistical analysis. Only authorised staff will have access to this information.
Security and Storage
Your personal information may be stored in either hard copy form or on computer or both. Hard copy personal information is, wherever practical, kept under locked security. Personal information stored on computer is password protected. Personal information is deleted when it is no longer needed.
Subcontractors
Any subcontractors operating on our behalf may have access to your personal information. In such situations, this privacy policy applies equally to those subcontractors.
Access to Personal Information
You may access your personal information by contacting cinema management. Access is generally granted within 30 days of that request. There may be a reasonable charge for access.
Cookies
A cookie is an electronic token that is passed between browser and server to transfer small amount of information. This website uses cookies to remember your email address after a successful login or subscribe action. Cookies are also used to remember your cinema preferences, web pages that you have viewed and to facilitate our ticket booking process.
Secure Pages
All pages related to ticket purchases and billing are secured by SSL and verified by a valid and current certificate. Further information can be obtained by viewing the security information on these pages.
Public Pages
If you are submitting personal information over the internet which you wish to remain private, please note that, with the exception of our ticket booking pages, this site does not provide facilities for the secure transmission of information across the Internet. While the risk of anyone intercepting and misusing information transmitted by email or through this web site is very low you should be aware that a determined individual with the right skills may be able to do this.
Links to other sites
This site contains links to other sites. No responsibility can be taken for the privacy practices of these web sites.
Modifications to this document
This Privacy Policy and the way we handle your personal information may be changed at any time in our sole discretion.
Dispatch and Delivery Policy
GLENBROOK CINEMA will use all reasonable endeavours to send online purchased gift vouchers to remote clients based on the physical address details provided by “the purchaser”. Australia Post is used as the shipping agent and GLENBROOK CINEMA accepts no liability nor provide any warranty for successful delivery of any shipped goods. The purchaser accepts any associated risk of delayed delivery, damage or loss of the purchased products and acknowledges that GLENBROOK CINEMA will not be liable to provide any refund or replacement gift vouchers or other product in the event they are not successfully delivered.
In the event a purchase does not arrive within 7 business days from date or purchase; the purchaser should immediately contact GLENBROOK CINEMA at %130%216%213%184%150%219%165%204%136%172%130%220%198%134%197%200%163%193%209%219%198%200%232%184%165%182%155%215%183%212%98%150%237%88.
Returns Policy
Prepaid gift vouchers cannot be replaced or refunded if lost, stolen or damaged.
Prepaid gift vouchers cannot be refunded and change will not be given irrespective of cinema pricing.
Prepaid gift vouchers cannot be exchanged for cash.
If a receipt is not presented, GLENBROOK CINEMA reserves the right not to offer an exchange or refund.
GLENBROOK CINEMA is not obliged to offer a refund if you change your mind.