https://www.bach-competition.de/privacy-policy/
info@bach-competition.de
Facebook
Facebook
Privacy policy
Updated on April 14, 2017
Notice of agreement
By using this website, you agree to our ‘Privacy policy’ as given below. If you do not agree with any of the points listed here, please discontinue using our service.
What information do we collect?
We collect only that information which you voluntarily provide, such as email address, user name and postal address, for the purposes of providing our service (for example, account creation, user verification, order, delivery and other activities as required to provide the service).
Personal data disclosure
The personal data you disclose on this site will not be shared with any third parties except in response to valid legal requests from authorities. Your personal data will be used only for communications related to this service.
Although all care is taken to protect data collected on this site, we cannot be considered liable for issues caused by illegal breaches of the site’s security such as hacking or similar.
Your right to modify your personal data
You can request your personal data to be modified and for your account to be terminated at any point. You can do this by logging in to your account and entering the changes yourself, or by emailing us and requesting the changes you would like made. This service agrees to respond to such requests within 7 days (in most cases) from date of receipt of the request.
User age
This website is intended for adults. We request that the legal age of majority is observed by the user with respect to the country in which this service is used. If you are under 13 years of age please do not use our service as we do not collect personal data from children under this age. Please contact us if you find personal information pertaining to someone under the age of 13 on this site.
Use of cookies/tracking software
This service currently does not use cookies or tracking software. Please remember that your activity online is not anonymous and that various data are collected on the server access log while reading, browsing or downloading data from this site.
Changes to privacy policy
Any changes to the current ‘Privacy policy’ will be noted on the Home page of this site, and users are requested to check this page whenever visiting the site. If at any time you disagree with the ‘Privacy policy’, please discontinue utilizing our service and notify us  requesting the deletion of your personal data and account.