http://www.studiotheatre.org/privacy-policy
Privacy PolicyThank you for reviewing Studio Theatre’s privacy policy and disclaimer. Studio is committed to respecting the privacy of our customers and all visitors to our website. The following document details the policies that Studio has in place to safeguard your privacy. By using our website and creating an account, you are agreeing to the policies below.E-commerceWhen you submit your credit card number to purchase tickets or merchandise or to make a donation, we use a secure server. This helps ensure that the information is protected against unauthorized access. Site SecurityFor site security purposes and to ensure that this website remains available to all users, the Studio Theatre computer system employs software programs to monitor and identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or to cause damage in any other way. Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this website are strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law. Login InformationWhen you create an account online, you will be asked to select a password, in order to protect your account. Your password is completely confidential and we are unable to let you know what it is if you lose or forget it.  If you have trouble signing into your account, please email info@studiotheatre.org and we can reset your password.CookiesWe use cookies, pixels, and other technologies to recognize your browser or device, learn more about your interests, and analyze your behavior on our website.  This data is used for analysis and is shared with third-party advertising partners and consultants to customize your web browsing experience. Communication PreferencesIf you identify yourself by submitting mailing list, donor, or ticket request forms contained in this site, we use that information only to respond to your message and to help us provide you with the material you have requested, to send you a written acknowledgment of your donation as required by law, or to verify and/or mail purchases and/or to process your ticket order.Please contact us by phone (202.332.3300) or email info@studiotheatre.org to request that we remove your name from our mailing list. If you opt to be taken off our mailing list, you will receive no mail from us, including publications or special notices. If you opt to be removed from our calling list, you will receive no calls from us except when a performance is canceled due to inclement weather. We do not sell patron information, but we do participate in trades with other area arts organizations. DisclaimerUnder no circumstances shall Studio Theatre, its employees, or contractors be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages that may result from your use or inability to use the information provided on this or any other website supported or maintained by Studio Theatre or from your reliance on or use of information, services, or merchandise provided on or through the website or that result from mistakes, errors, omissions, interruptions, defects, deletion of files, delays in operation, or transmission or any failure of performance. If you are dissatisfied with the information provided on this website, or with any of the practices of Studio Theatre in the operation of this website, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the website. This website may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site, to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information.