http://www.asimovs.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
From the Editor
About Asimov's
History
Awards
Vintage Covers
Author's Corner
Who's Who
Authors In This Issue
Featured Author
From Earth to the Stars
Past Featured Authors
Past Featured Poets
Podcasts
Current Issue
Table of Contents
Story Excerpts
Editorial
Poetry
Reflections
On Books
On the Net
SF Conventional Calendar
More Stuff
News
From Earth to the Stars
SF Conventional Calendar
Index
Archives
Cartoons
Podcasts
Writer's Guidelines
Order Now
Home
Print
Email
Privacy Policy
Penny Publications, LLC (“Penny Publications”), has created this Privacy Statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy and to security. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for these websites: www.asimovs.com and www.analogsf.com.
Information Collection and Use
Penny Publications is the sole owner of the information collected on these sites. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Penny Publications collects information from our users at several different points on our websites.
Registration
We request information from the user on our registration pages. Here a user must provide contact information (i.e. an email address) and may receive inquiries about product preferences, buying behavior, or other questions designed to improve our service to our customers. This information is used solely for the purposes of improving our overall customer service. Should the user choose to opt in for our email promotional notices then the user email address will be used for this purpose.
Order
We request information from users on our order form. Here a user must provide contact information (i.e. name, email address, billing address, and shipping address) and financial information (i.e. credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customers' orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the sites, track users' movements, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. For this use, IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. Within our secure customer order records system, IP addresses are linked to personally identifiable information, such as a customer's name, address, product(s) purchased, billing history, and credit-card number, solely for the purpose of tracking an individual customer's order history.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our sites request information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is voluntary and the user therefore has a choice of whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name, email address, and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. The first name, first initial of last name, city, and/or state of contest winners may be posted on our websites for a limited time. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of these sites and our print publications, as well as any products we may produce in the future.
Cookies
www.asimovs.com and www.analogsf.com may set and access cookies on your computer to manage your sign-in status, order status, or online-order history. The use of cookies is standard in the Internet industry.
Security
These websites take every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, that information is protected both on-line and off-line.
Secure Page
When registering or ordering, users are asked to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number) only onto a secure page. Secure pages, such as our order form, display a lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Microsoft Internet Explorer. This is as opposed to un-locked, or open, when the user is merely "surfing."
Privacy Protection
It is our policy to protect the privacy of your personal information by doing the following:
Safeguarding any data, computer files and documents containing your personal information from any misuse by third parties;
Destroying, erasing or making unreadable any data, computer files and documents containing your personal information prior to their disposal
Protecting the confidentiality of your personal information;
Prohibiting the unlawful disclosure of your personal information;
Limiting and/or restricting the access to your personal information to other third parties except in accordance with the terms of this privacy policy;
Limiting the access of your personal information only to our employees who need access to your personal information in order to allow us to sell and provide our products, limiting the access of these employees to the extent that it is needed, and otherwise imposing restrictions and reasonable safeguards on our employees to prevent them from accessing your personal information;
Making reasonable efforts to train our employees to protect the privacy of your personal information when they are first hired and on a regular and ongoing basis; and
Implementing reasonable procedures to identify where your personal information is stored within our company and maintaining appropriate physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in order to safeguard your personal information wherever it is stored.
In the event that there is ever a breach of security regarding your personal information, we intend to comply with applicable state and federal law requirements regarding the notification and disclosure to you and to the appropriate authorities of the circumstances surrounding the breach.
“Personal information” for this section is defined as any information that you may provide to us that can be used to identify you individually, including but not limited to your name, email address, home address, telephone or fax numbers, driver’s license number, state identification card number, bank account number, credit card or debit card number, passport number, alien registration number, as well as any company account number that we assign to you.
Contact
If you have any questions about the security at our websites, you may send an email to customerservice@pennypublications.com.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Credit Card Companies and Third Party Payment Companies
If you use a credit card or a debit card to purchase any of our products, your bank or credit card company will receive your personal information and relevant information regarding your purchase as it would in any credit card or debit card transaction. We will only provide your personal information to your bank or credit card company to the extent that it is needed to complete payment. In some cases, we may use third party payment companies to facilitate your transactions and process your orders. In such cases, we will share your personal information, including but not limited to your credit card and debit card information, with the third party payment companies solely for the purpose of completing the transaction or processing your order. We strive to ensure that these third party payment companies have their own privacy policies in place and will comply with such policies. We will refuse to do business with any such companies that do not have privacy policies or fail to comply with their privacy policies. However, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information once it is transferred by us to these third party payment companies. You may contact us for further information regarding these third party payment companies at customerservice@pennypublications.com if you wish to inquire further about the privacy policies these companies have in place.
Shipping
We ship from our own warehouse and use outside shipping companies to ship orders. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Third-party Services
We may partner with another party to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names or other contact information that is necessary solely for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Partners & Advertisers
We will share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
List Sharing
We do not share email addresses. From time to time we may share our lists of customers' names and physical mailing addresses with companies, on a one-time basis, in whose products we believe our customers may be interested and certain brokers and agents who may put us in contact with these companies. We may compile these lists from customer orders placed both offline and online. You have the option at any time to have your name and physical mailing address removed from the lists that we share with the above-referenced third parties (subject to any limitations under applicable laws) by contacting us by email at customerservice@pennypublications.com or by calling our customer service department at: (203) 866-6688. We may also from time to time make our customer lists available for direct marketing purposes to other entities that are affiliated with us.
Links
These websites contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of these other websites. This Privacy Statement applies to the www.asimovs.com and www.analogsf.com websites only and does not apply to any other website that you access through the links on our website. We are not responsible for the protection of your personal information when you visit any other websites besides these websites. For this reason, please be careful and responsible whenever you are using any other websites you access through links on these websites. While we strive to protect your personal information, by among other things ensuring that our affiliates and third parties we associate with have their own privacy policies in place, we cannot control or warrant the security of any personal information that you submit to any outside person or entity or to any other website besides these websites. So any personal information that is submitted by you to any outside person or entity or to any other website, whether or not the submission is done directly or indirectly through these websites, is done at your own risk.
Editing Your Account Information and Preferences
If a user's personally identifiable information changes or if a user no longer desires our services, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user's personal data provided to us.
Address Changes
Users may change their address information by filling out the Change of Address Form found in Customer Service on these websites or by directly contacting customerservice@pennypublications.com.
Choice/Opt-out
Email
Users who no longer wish to receive our online promotional materials or email newsletters from us or our partners may opt-out of receiving these communications by replying to unsubscribe in the subject line in the email, or by emailing us at customerservice@pennypublications.com. Please allow up to 10 business days for removal of your name from our email database.
Print
Users who no longer wish to receive print promotional materials from us may be removed from the list by emailing us at customerservice@pennypublications.com and indicating in the subject line: REMOVE ME FROM YOUR PRINT MAILING LIST. Please allow up to 8 weeks for removal of your name from our print mail database.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
Any disputes concerning this Privacy Statement will be governed by the laws of the State of Connecticut without regard to any principles of conflicts of law. The federal and state courts of the State of Connecticut will have exclusive jurisdiction over any claims arising out of or related to this Privacy Statement, except where it is otherwise expressly prohibited by statute. Solely by posting this Privacy Statement on our website, we do not intend to subject ourselves to the laws of jurisdictions outside of the State of Connecticut.
Amendments
We may amend this Privacy Statement from time to time by updating these websites pages. You should regularly revisit this page to keep yourself informed as to the most current version of this Privacy Statement. This Privacy Statement was last updated on October 8, 2013.
Consent to Privacy Statement
By using and visiting the www.asimovs.com and www.analogsf.com websites, you are consenting to the terms of this Privacy Statement and all amendments hereto. If you do not consent to the terms of this Privacy Statement, as amended from time to time, then please discontinue your use of these websites.
Copyright © 2020 Penny Publications, LLC. All rights reserved.
AmericanEagle.com
Website design and development by Americaneagle.com, Inc.
Close this window
Close this window
Sign up for special offers, information onupcoming issues and more!
E-mail
Signup Now
No, Thanks