https://www.forcedentertainment.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
FORCED ENTERTAINMENT IS COMMITTED TO PROTECTING YOUR PRIVACY.
At Forced Entertainment we take protecting your privacy seriously.
This policy explains what to expect when Forced Entertainment collects personal information.
We will answer the following questions:
Who are we?
What data do we collect and why?
– Statistical data
– Mailing list
– Shopping
– Contact page
– Google Analytics
– Storing data
How long will I stay on the mailing list?
How can I stop you from sending me emails?
What are my rights?
Can I complain about how you are using my personal data?
This policy may be updated from time to time so please check back occasionally to make sure you’re happy with any changes.
By using our website you’re agreeing to be bound by this policy.
If you have any questions about this policy or our privacy practices you can email us at fe@forcedentertainment.com, call us on +44 (0)114 279 8977, or write to us at:
Forced Entertainment,
502 The Workstation,
15 Paternoster Row,
Sheffield,
S1 2BX.
Who are we?
Forced Entertainment is a group of six artists who make work in theatre and performance from our base in Sheffield and tour to audiences all around the world.
Our registered address is:
Forced Entertainment,
502 The Workstation,
15 Paternoster Row,
Sheffield,
S1 2BX.
We are a registered charity, number 1049574 and our company number is 2170819.
What data do we collect and why?
We collect and use a number of different types of data, some of which is personally identifiable and some which isn’t.
You can read details of these below:
Statistical data
Forced Entertainment collects information from all website visitors using statistics tools. This information includes (but is not limited to) the date and time of visit, browser name and version, IP address, and referring website. This information is used for evaluating and further developing the website for our digital audiences. No personal data is collected via statistics tools.
Mailing list
When you sign up to our online mailing list we ask you to enter personal data in the form of your name, email address and, optionally, your postcode. Your email address is collected so we can send you updates about our work, and your postcode is used to identify the general location of our audiences, firstly to help us decide where to programme future work and secondly for reporting to our funder, Arts Council England, on the overall development of our audiences. The information we share with Arts Council England is not personally identifiable as we only supply them with the outbound code (eg. WC2, S1, AB10). We ask for your consent when joining our mailing list and this forms the lawful basis for us for us holding the data.
Our mailing list is hosted by Campaign Monitor which is a secured and encrypted service.  You can read their privacy policy here. We use a third party web developer (Corporation Pop) to manage our mailing list and have a data processing agreement in place with them to assure the security of it. You can read about more Corporation Pop here.
Shopping
Any information you submit to our shop order system is processed exclusively by PayPal via a secure server and is treated in accordance with PayPal’s privacy policy. Forced Entertainment do not hold any financial data or have access to it.
Contact page
When you get in touch with us through the contact page of our website the information you enter is emailed to us directly and not stored after we have responded to you and your query is satisfied.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to inform us about our digital audience demographics, including: the age and gender of our users, along with the interests they express through their online travel and purchasing activities. We will use the data provided by Google Analytics to develop our website and content around our users’ interests. The data is provided in aggregate and is not personally identifiable to us.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics using their add-on to disable tracking by Google Analytics and you can see Google’s privacy policy here.
Storing data
All data is stored securely on a locked server, with regulated and limited access using SSH Keys and IP restriction, the database is password protected. The data collected is used exclusively by Forced Entertainment in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Backups of the database are stored on servers within the EU.
Forced Entertainment does not rent, sell or otherwise share information about our contacts with any other business, organisation or individual. The only exception to this is where we are legally obliged to do so to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our website.
How long will I stay on the mailing list?
Forced Entertainment will regularly review our mailing list and refresh it by asking anyone that doesn’t open an email from us for twenty four consecutive months to acknowledge their wish to keep receiving emails, or otherwise.
How can I stop you from sending me emails?
Under the GDPR you have the right to withdraw your consent to us holding your personal data. Should you choose to do this we are obliged to act on your request as soon as possible and at least within one month.
Every email we send you will have an unsubscribe option at the bottom and additionally you can send us an email at any time to fe@forcedentertainment.com
What are my rights?
Under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) anyone whose personal data is stored by Forced Entertainment has a set of rights relating to it.  Those rights are as follows:
The right to be informed
The right of access
The right to rectification
The right to erase
The right to restrict processing
The right to data portability
The right to object
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling.
If you would like to exercise one or more of the rights in relation to the data we hold about you please let us know in writing and we will be happy to help.
For information on what these rights mean please visit the Information Commissioner’s Office website here
Can I complain about how you are using my personal data?
If you think we are handling your data incorrectly you should approach us in the first instance and we will do everything possible to rectify the situation. If you are not happy with our response you have a right to contact the supervisory authority, in this case the Information Commissioner’s Office.
You can lodge a complaint through their website here and in turn, they will deal with it.