http://www.ifp.org/about/privacy
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the IFP.org website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. You can also create a site account, and manage your IFP membership information through the site, including your contact information.
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
In terms of the information collected for site and IFP memberships, we use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.  We do not store credit card information.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by logging in with your e-mail and password and clicking on the “My Account and Site Preferences” link. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by making the changes online, or by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please send us an email at businessoffice@ifp.org.
About IFP
Contact Us
Press Releases
Sponsors
Patrons
Donation
Careers
IFP Logos
Privacy
About
Join
Attend
Classes
Events
Access
Conference
IFP Week
IFP Labs
IFP Expanded
IFP Fiscal Sponsorship
IFP Gotham Awards
IFP Media Center
Past Programs
Apply
IFP Week
IFP Labs
IFP Fiscal Sponsorship
IFP Gotham Awards
IFP Media Center
Past Programs
Support
Sponsors
Donate
Patron Program
Search Site
Search
ifp.org
Filmmaker Magazine
Gotham Awards
IFP Week
Made In NY Media Center
Donate
RSVP
Membership:
Join
Renew
Login