https://www.glasgowsciencecentre.org/privacy
Privacy
Privacy
PERSONAL DATA
Under the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) personal data is defined as:
“any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person ('data subject'); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person”.
PURPOSE
This privacy notice tells you how we, Glasgow Science Centre, will collect and use your personal data. Glasgow Science Centre are committed to protecting your personal information and being transparent about what information we hold about you. Using personal information allows us to develop a better understanding of our visitors and in turn to provide you with relevant and timely information about the work that we do to inspire people of all ages to explore and understand the world around them, to discover and enjoy science and understand its relevance to their own lives.
The purpose of this policy is to give you a clear explanation about how we (and all of our subsidiaries) collect and use the information we collect from you directly and from third parties.
We use your information in accordance with all applicable laws concerning the protection of personal information. This policy explains:
•    What information we may collect about you
•    How we may use that information
•    In what situations we may disclose your details to third parties
•    Our use of cookies to improve your use of our website
•    Information about how we keep your personal information secure, how long we retain it for and your rights to be able to access it.
If you have any queries about this policy, please contact the Data Controller at Glasgow Science Centre or email data.protection@glasgowsciencecentre.org
YOUR RIGHT TO ACCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Glasgow Science Centre at your request can confirm what information we hold about you, how it is processed and how long it is stored. You also have the right to have any inaccuracies corrected or erased if you object to any processing. To release your information to you, we may ask for additional information to verify your identity to ensure your information is not being disclosed unlawfully to a person who has no right to view it. This information may be, for example, a colour copy of a valid driving licence, birth certificate or utility bill addressed to the subject request. GSC will look to process all legitimate data subject requests within 30 days. In some cases this may be extended beyond 30 days if the request is particularly complicated or contains a large amount of processing. We notify you if your request is likely to take longer.
Our Data Subject Access Request form is available to download.
WHO ARE WE?
Glasgow Science Centre is a 5 star visitor attraction located on the banks of the river Clyde, in Glasgow. We’re an educational charity who aims to inspire everyone to be curious and ask questions about the world around them. With three floors housing over 400 hands on exhibits, we encourage social learning and interaction looking at themes such as human health and wellbeing, energy use and space amongst many others. We provide educational programming for schoolchildren and the general public both in our buildings but also in schools and communities across the length and breadth of the country. We provide a unique venue for events of all shapes and sizes and our experienced events team ensure that we deliver a 5 star service to our guests.
We are also regularly commissioned to support the development of learning spaces around the country, train teachers and researchers in our Inspire and Challenge teaching approach and provide public engagement opportunities for researchers to showcase their research.
Glasgow Science Centre Limited delivers our educational activities and is an independent Scottish Charity, with Registered Charity Number SC030809. It is registered with the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) and its data protection registration number is Z5247823.
Glasgow Science Centre (Trading) Limited delivers our commercial activities. It is registered with the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) and its data protection registration number is Z5247837.
Glasgow Science Centre Charitable Trust holds shares in Glasgow Science Centre Limited and Glasgow Science Centre (Trading) Limited, and is an independent Scottish Charity with Registered Charity Number SC025818. It is registered with the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) and its data protection registration number is Z5247840
WHY DOES GSC NEED TO COLLECT AND STORE PERSONAL DATA?
In order for us to provide you with a five star visitor experience, we need to collect personal data for the services we provide, such as visitor admissions, donations, Gift Aid and membership, or to provide you with information for special events taking place at GSC. In any event, we are committed to ensuring that the information we collect and use is appropriate for this purpose, and does not constitute an invasion of your privacy.
In relation to contact for marketing purposes, we will always ask your permission first and you will be guided to our customer consent portal to let us know whether you are happy to be contacted.
DATA COLLECTION BY GSC
Glasgow Science Centre collects various types of information and in a number of ways:
INFORMATION PROVIDED BY YOU
When you register on our website, buy tickets, make a donation or opt to Gift Aid, we’ll store personal information you give us such as your name, email address, postal address, telephone number and card details. We will also store a record of all of your transactions with us.
YOUR INTERACTIONS WITH US
When you visit our website, we collect information about how you interact with our content. If you contact us, for example via email, your personal data will be stored to help answer any enquiries. When we send you a mailing we store a record of this, and in the case of emails, we keep a record of which ones you have opened and which links you have clicked on.
USE OF THIRD PARTIES
We occasionally receive information about you from third parties. For example, we may use third party research companies to provide general information about you, compiled using publicly available data.
Any third parties that we may share your data with are obliged to keep your details securely, and to use them only to support legitimate business interests at Glasgow Science Centre. When they no longer need your data to fulfil this service, they will dispose of it in line with Glasgow Science Centre’s policies and procedures.
SENSITIVE PERSONAL DATA
Data Protection law recognises that certain categories of personal information are more sensitive than others, such as health information, race, religious beliefs and political opinions. We do not usually collect this type of information about our visitors unless there is a clear reason for doing so. For example, we collect demographic information on our visitors to ensure we are engaging with people from all backgrounds. This is collected to benchmark our progress and to help us improve our offering both in, and outside our buildings. If we wish to pass your personal data onto a third party we will only do so if we have your consent, have a legitimate business interest for doing so or are legally required to do so.
HOW WILL GSC USE THE PERSONAL DATA IT COLLECTS ABOUT ME?
Glasgow Science Centre will process (collect, store and use) the information you provide in a manner compatible with the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We will endeavour to keep your information accurate and up to date, and not keep it for longer than is necessary. Glasgow Science Centre is required to retain certain information in accordance with the law, such as information needed for Gift Aid and VAT purposes. How long certain kinds of personal data should be kept may also be governed by law or specific business-sector requirements and agreed practices. Personal data may be held in addition to these periods depending on individual business needs.
LEGAL BASIS
There are three bases under which we may process your data:
CONTRACT PURPOSES
When you make a purchase, a donation or opt to Gift Aid, you are entering into a contract with us. In order to perform this contract we need to process and store your data. For example we may need to contact you by email or telephone in the case of cancellation of an event or show, or in the case of problems with your payment for your day ticket or annual membership.
LEGITIMATE BUSINESS INTERESTS
In certain situations, we collect and process your personal data for purposes that are in our legitimate business interests. However we only do this if there is no overriding prejudice to you by using your personal information in this way. We describe below all situations where we may use this basis for processing.
WITH YOUR EXPLICIT CONSENT
For any situations where the two bases above are not appropriate, we will instead ask for your explicit consent before using your personal information in that specific situation.
UNDER WHAT CIRCUMSTANCES WILL GSC CONTACT ME?
We aim to communicate with you about the work that we do in ways that you find relevant, timely and respectful. To do this we use data that we have stored about you, such as past visits or events you have booked, as well as any preferences you may have told us about when signing up to our mailings.
We use our legitimate business interest as the legal basis for some communications by post and email. In the case of postal mailings, you may object to receiving these at any time using the contact details at the end of this policy. In the case of email, we will give you an opportunity to opt out of receiving them during your first purchase with us. If you do not opt out, we will provide you with an option to unsubscribe in every email that we subsequently send you, or you can alternatively use the contact details at the end of this policy. We may also contact you about our work by telephone however we will always get explicit consent from you before doing this. Please bear in mind that this does not apply to telephone calls that we may need to make to you related to your purchases (as above).
OTHER PROCESSING ACTIVITIES BY GSC
In addition to marketing communications, we also process personal information in the following ways that are within our legitimate organisational interests.
We may analyse data we hold about you:
to ensure that the content and timing of communications that we send you are as relevant to you as possible. The platform we use to send emails is MailChimp, and their privacy policy can be found here: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/.
in order to identify and prevent fraud.
when you purchase a ticket online, via our website and the platform that supports it.
in order to improve our website we may analyse information about how you use it and the content and pages that you interact with.
Given much of our communication happens on social media channels, you are bound by data processing terms held by these particular companies, so please refer to the terms of these platforms to ensure you’re happy with them.
In all of the above cases we will always keep your rights and interests at the forefront to ensure they are not overridden by our own interests. You have the right to object to any of this processing at any time. If you wish to do this, please use the contact details at the end of this policy.
USE OF THIRD PARTIES
There are certain circumstances under which we may disclose your personal information to third parties. These are as follows:
To our subsidiaries described above when it is necessary for them to be able to provide you with products or services that you have requested.
To our own service providers who process data on our behalf and on our instructions (for example our ticketing system software provider and online payment platforms). In these cases, we require that these third parties comply strictly with our instructions and with GDPR, for example around security of personal data where we are under a duty to disclose your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation (for example to government funding bodies and law enforcement agencies).
To test and protect if requested
COOKIES
Cookies are small text files that are automatically placed onto your device by some websites that you visit. They are widely used to allow a website to function (for example to keep track of your basket) as well to provide website operators with information on how the site is being used.
We use cookies to keep track of your basket as well as to identify how the website is being used and what improvements we can make. You can find out more about cookies and how Glasgow Science Centre uses them on our dedicated cookies page.
You can disable cookies directly on your browser if you do not want this information shared. Details on cookies best practice can be found on the Information Commissioner's Office website.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS
Glasgow Science Centre's website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Glasgow Science Centre uses this information to analyse and report on how our visitors use and navigate our websites. This information is anonymous and cannot be used to identify you personally.
The information generated by the Google Analytics cookies about your use of our website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
Further information about Google’s privacy policy may be obtained at http://www.google.com/privacy.html.
FACEBOOK
Glasgow Science Centre uses Facebook to interact with, and to market and promote offers and events to, our customers. We use Facebook Pixel on the GSC website to track ad results, track conversions and re-market to our website visitors. Glasgow Science Centre does not store this information; it is stored by Facebook.
Please refer to Facebook's Privacy and Advertising policies to understand your rights when using this platform.
TWITTER
Glasgow Science Centre uses Twitter to interact with, and to market and promote offers and events to, our customers. Glasgow Science Centre does not store this information; it is stored by Twitter.
Please refer to Twitter's privacy policies to understand your rights when using this platform.
ORLO (FORMERLY 'SOCIAL SIGNIN')
Glasgow Science Centre uses Orlo, a social media management and web analytics service provided by Orlo.
Glasgow Science Centre uses this to monitor and engage with audiences across social media channels (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, LinkedIn, Google+ and YouTube); and to analyse and report on how audiences engage with Glasgow Science Centre online and how audiences using social media channels arrive at, use and navigate our websites to make purchases or signup to our newsletters.
If you would like to read more about Orlo, please visit their website.
HOTJAR
We use Hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize this service and experience on our website. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback.
Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices (in particular device's IP address (captured and stored only in anonymized form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used to display our website). Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile. Neither Hotjar nor we will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user. For further details, please see Hotjar’s privacy policy by clicking on this link.
You can opt-out to the creation of a user profile, Hotjar’s storing of data about your usage of our site and Hotjar’s use of tracking cookies on other websites by following this opt-out link.
YOUR DEBIT AND CREDIT CARD INFORMATION
If you use your credit or debit card to purchase from us or to make a donation, we will ensure that this is carried out securely and in accordance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). You can find more information about this standard on the PCI-DSS website.
CCTV
Glasgow Science Centre's grounds and properties, internal and external, are monitored by CCTV systems. These systems are in place to protect the property from theft and vandalism and to protect the health and safety interests of our visitors. Glasgow Science Centre does not use these systems for anything other than safeguarding the properties and for visitor safety.
GSC retains all recorded information for 30 days only, unless there is a specific reason to hold onto the footage for longer, for example a health and safety action or for criminal evidence. An individual has a right to access their own image by submitting a Data Subject Request, but does not have the right to the images of other customers or visitors to Glasgow Science Centre.
Police Scotland or the Scottish Courts may ask for a recording to be used as evidence. Police Scotland must request footage via the relevant release forms, and these will be approved and released by a member of Glasgow Science Centre staff. Any enquires relating to CCTV footage must be directed to data.protection@glasgowsciencecentre.org
HOW WE MAINTAIN YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We store your personal information indefinitely such that for any subsequent purchases you make we are able to link them back to a single unique record that we hold for you on our system.
If there are aspects of your record that are inaccurate or that you would like to remove, you can usually do this by logging in to your account through our website.
Alternatively please use the contact details at the end of this policy. Any objections you make to any processing of your data will be stored against your record on our system so that we can comply with your requests.
SECURITY AND STORAGE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We put in place appropriate safeguards (both in terms of our procedures and the technology we use) to keep your personal information as secure as possible. We will ensure that any third parties we use for processing your personal information do the same.
Because of the global nature of the internet your personal data may be transferred out with the European Economic Area (EEA) in fulfilment with your order or interaction with Glasgow Science Centre, for example to the payment processing partners used to complete a ticket order or membership purchase. By submitting your information, you are consenting to this transfer.
Glasgow Science Centre will only engage with online companies, suppliers and partners signing up to GDPR and the online Privacy Shield Network. However, the internet is not inherently a secure platform. Glasgow Science Centre will use best practice to ensure your transactions and any personal data you submit remains confidential and secure but you also need to be aware of the security dangers and we strongly advise you to log out after completing any online transactions.
CONTACT DETAILS AND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Please get in touch with us if you have any questions about any aspect of this privacy policy, and in particular if you would like to object to any processing of your personal information that we carry out for our legitimate business interests, or to withdraw consent already given.
Glasgow Science Centre, 50 Pacific Quay, Glasgow, G51 1EA
Email: data.protection@glasgowsciencecentre.org
Tel: 0141 420 5000
What's on today?
Explore what we have got showing today, and in the future.
See what's on
Top
Stay updated
Be the first to know of special events, upcoming experiences and special offers at GSC by signing up to our infrequent, engaging newsletter.
Stay updated
x
Join our mailing list
* indicates required
Email Address
*
First Name
*
Last Name
*
I'D LIKE TO SUBSCRIBE TO...
Science Messenger - The A to Z of GSC goings on
Planetarium - Planetarium specific events and news
Corporate Events - Industry events news and offers from our events team
Education - Updates and events for teachers
Stakeholder - News from GSC's Chief Executive
Passport Holder - Our membership newsletter
Our World Our Impact - Your ticket to COP26 with events and news
Marketing Permissions
Please select all the ways you would like to hear from Glasgow Science Centre:
Email Direct Mail Telephone
You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails. For information about our privacy practices, please visit our website.
We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform. By clicking below to subscribe, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.
Come here often?
Get a Science Passport and visit us endless times for free!
•    Unlimited FREE entry
•    You get to jump the queue!
•    10% off birthday parties
•    Discounted parking for £1 when visiting GSC
•    All for around 50p per week!
Grab your passport
x
What is Gift Aid?
If you are a UK taxpayer, Gift Aid allows you to significantly increase the value of your donation to us, allowing us to deliver our mission and make science accessible to all.
For every £1 you donate, we can claim an additional 25p from the taxman.
Find out more about Gift Aid
x
Your donations make a real difference
Glasgow Science Centre is an independent Scottish Charity.
We are on a mission to inspire people of all ages to explore and understand the world around them, to discover and enjoy science and to see the relevance it has in their everyday lives.
Your donation will:
Provide fun and informative outreach programmes for school children
Support community work in our local area and around Scotland
Develop our accessibility offer here at GSC
I'd like to donate
No Thanks
We use cookies on this site to improve your user experience and to help improve our website. By browsing this site you are agreeing to this. For more information and how to adjust settings see our Cookie Policy. X
Search