http://www.soundtrack.net/about/termsofuse.php
Soundtrack.Net
Soundtrack.Net
Search
Home
Release Dates
Movies & TV
Soundtracks
Composers
News & Reviews
Trailer Music
Soundtrack.Net
Search
Register |
Login
Terms of Use
Welcome to Soundtrack.Net's Terms of Use page. Soundtrack.Net is owned and operated by Autotelics, LLC, and we provide this website and its services to you subject to the following conditions. If you visit or use Soundtrack.Net (the 'Site'), you accept these terms and conditions, as well as acknowledge acceptance of our Privacy Policy. It is your responsibility to read them carefully, and to understand them. Questions about our Terms of Use may be directed to mail@soundtrack.net.
Electronic Communications
When you visit this Web site or send us e-mails, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us in this form. We communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices to this Site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirements that such communications be in writing.
Copyright
All content on this site is copyright by Autotelics, LLC, unless otherwise noted. This includes text, graphics, logos, icons, images, audio and video clips, and software. Movie poster art and album art covers are generally copyright their distributor or publisher. Our content, including logos, cannot be used by you or any third party without our express written consent.
Any content generated by you and uploaded to our site (such as text, audio files, reviews, comments, communications, etc.) must be content that you own or have permission to use in the form specified on our Site. By uploading or entering your content in our Site, you grant us a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, distribute and display such content within the Site and/or any other means as necessary for us to provide our services to you.
Linking to the Site
You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the Site, as long as the link does not portray the Site or its services in a false or misleading manner.
Your Account
If you have registered with the Site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password. You agree that you will be the sole user of your account and take necessary measure to prevent third-party or unauthorized use of your account. You accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password.
Comments, Communications and Other Content
Visitors may post or submit comments, data, suggestions, ideas, questions or other information through various means (including on our Site, by e-mail or by telephone), so long as the content is not illegal, threatening, defamatory, infringing on any third-party rights, or otherwise injurious to any third parties. You agree not to use a false e-mail address or impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead us as to the origin of the content you submit. Any ideas, suggestions, comments or questions you submit to us become our property, and you grant us the right to use any such content or ideas without compensation and/or post your content to our site or use it for marketing or any other purpose without compensation. Unless you request otherwise, you grant us the right to use your name in connection with the content or ideas you submit to us.
Payments and Refund Policy
All payments or donations made to the site are non-refundable and non-transferrable.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability
This Site and all information, content, materials and products
made available to you through this Site are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. We make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of this Site or our services. You expressly agree that your use of this site is at your sole risk.
To the full extent permissible by law, Autotelics, LLC and Soundtrack.Net disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. We do not warrant that this Site or its services, or e-mail sent from us, are free of viruses or any other harmful components. We will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site or our services, including but limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive and consequential damages.
Applicable Law
By visiting this Site, you agree that the laws of the state of California will govern this agreement and your use of this Site and its services.
Changes to this Policy
We reserve the right to make changes to our Site, policies and these Terms of Use at any time. If any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, only that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any remaining condition.
Questions & Contact Method
If you have any questions about our policies or this site, you may write to mail@soundtrack.net. Generally, we should be able to response within 1-3 business days.
Contact Us
E-mail: mail@soundtrack.net
Mailing address:
Soundtrack.Net
c/o Autotelics, LLC
5256 S. Mission Road, Suite 703 #29
Bonsall, CA 92003
Related Links
About Us
Privacy Policy