http://www.u2.com/privacy
HomeNewsToursMusicMediaBandHearts + MindsZootopiaU2 ShopU2 ShopU2 UK Shop
Sign Up / Sign In
Our Privacy Policy - Your Privacy RightsLast Updated: July 29, 2020This Privacy Policy applies to the sites and apps where it appears.This Policy describes how we treat personal information we collect both online and offline. This includes on our websites and in our apps. It also includes at our box offices or in phone or email interactions you have with us.Our Privacy Policy has been designed with you in mind. How the policy applies to you will depend on the way in which you interact with us. For example, if you:Purchase an annual subscription or other services from us, we will use the information you provide us to fulfill our obligations to you in delivering that service, and, where permitted, keep you up to date about other events that may be of interest to you and;When you browse our sites, we use cookies to tailor your experience and hopefully provide you with a seamless experience.Your choices and rights under each scenario are explained in more detail below.
What Information We Have & Where We Get ItWe collect and store different types of information about you when you create an account, buy subscriptions, contact us, and use our websites, apps and social mediaLearn More
How We Use Your Information & WhyWe collect and use your information for lots of reasons such as helping you get into the shows you love, sharing news, for marketing and as otherwise required by law.Learn More
Who We Share Your Data With & WhyWe may share your information with the event providers as well as other third parties associated with the service provided.Learn More  Your Choices & RightsAmong other rights, you can choose whether to receive marketing from us. You also have the right to access the information we have about you.Learn More
Looking After Your InformationWe take steps to try to make sure your information is protected and to delete it securely when we no longer need it.Learn More  Contact UsIf you have any questions or feedback about this notice, or how we handle your information, get in touch with us.Learn MoreWhat Information We Have & Where We Get It We collect information from and about you.Contact and billing information. When you create an account, buy a subscription, or buy merchandise, we may collect your contact and billing information, such as your name, street address, zip code, email, phone number and credit card number.Information you post. We collect information you post in a public space on our website or on a third-party social media site.Demographic information. We might collect information like your age range, race, or gender, or information about events you like or products you buy. We might collect this as part of a survey, for example.Accessibility Information. We may collect details of your health requirements if you have accessibility requirements when attending events.Other information. We may collect information about the browser and device you're using, your IP address, your location, the site you came from, the site you visit when you leave us, and how you used or didn't use our site or app. We collect information in different ways.We collect information directly from you. For example, if you buy a subscription or register for a promotion. We also collect information if you post a comment on our websites or ask us a question.We collect information from you passively. We use tracking tools like browser cookies and web beacons. To learn more about these tools and to control them, please click here. We also collect information from our apps.We get information about you from third parties. For example, if you use a social media feature within our websites or apps or post to a social media platform, the social media site will give us some information about you.How We Use Your Information & Why We use information as disclosed and described here.We use information to provide you with products and services. We use your information to process your order and provide you with customer support. This includes sending you emails about your account or a purchase. We might also contact you about this policy or our website terms.We use information to respond to your requests or questions. For example, we might use your information to confirm your registration for an event or contest. You may give us your friend's information, for example via our referral service to tell a friend about our website or to purchase a gift card. We will only use your friend's information to provide services you requested. Your friend may contact us at privacy@livenation.com  to ask us to delete their information.We use information to improve our products and services. We might use your information to customize your experience with us. This could include displaying content based upon your preferences.We may use your information to make our website, products, and services better. We may combine information we get from you with information about you we get from third parties.We use information for security purposes. We use information to protect our company, our customers, or our websites. This includes to detect or prevent unlawful behavior.We use information for marketing purposes. For example, we might send you information about special promotions or offers. We might also tell you about new features or products. These might be our own offers or products, or third-party offers or products we think you might find interesting. Or, for example, if you buy tickets from us we'll enroll you in our newsletter. To learn about your choices for these communications, read the Your Choices & Rights section below.We may also use push notifications on our mobile apps. We may use push notifications and your location information in our apps to send you alerts regarding local events.We use information as otherwise permitted by law or as we may notify you. We keep your information as long as it is necessary or relevant for our business. We also keep information to resolve disputes, enforce our agreements and otherwise required by law.Who We Share Your Data With & Why We may share information with third parties.We will share information within the Live Nation family of companies. This may include Ticketmaster and Live Nation-owned or operated venues, for example.We will share information with third parties who perform services on our behalf. For example, we share information with vendors who help us manage our IT infrastructure or who fulfill your purchases. Some vendors may be located outside of the United States.We will share information with our business partners. This includes a third party who provides an event or service such as the artist, promoter or team, or sponsors an event, or who operates a venue where we hold events. Our partners use the information we give them as described in their privacy policies, which may include sending you marketing communications. You should read those polices to learn how they treat your information.We will share information with third parties who sell products or services to you. We may disclose your information for order fulfillment purposes, or with a third party who provides you with ticket insurance or merchandise, for example.We may share information if we think we have to in order to comply with the law or to protect ourselves. For example, we will share information to respond to a court order or subpoena. We may also share information if a government agency or investigatory body requests it. Or, we might also share information when we are investigating potential fraud.We may share information with any successor to all or part of our business. For example, if part of our business is sold we may give our customer list as part of that transaction.We may share your information for reasons not described in this policy. We will tell you before we do this.Your Choices & Rights You have certain choices about how we use your information.You can opt out of receiving our marketing emails. To stop receiving our promotional emails, click here or follow the instructions in any marketing email you get from us. You can also change your preferences in your account. It may take about ten days to process your request. Even if you opt out of getting marketing emails, we will still be sure to send you transactional messages. For example, we may still contact you about your orders.You can modify information you have given us. To correct or delete information or update account settings, log into your account and follow the instructions. We make changes as soon as we can. This information may stay in our backup files. If we cannot make the changes you want, we will let you know and explain why. If you contact us requesting access to your information, we will respond within 45 days.You can control cookies and tracking tools. To learn how to manage how we - and our vendors - use cookies and other tracking tools, please click here .You can control tools on your mobile devices. For example, you can turn off the GPS locator or push notifications on your device. Your California Privacy Rights.“Shine the Light” Law.  If you are a California resident and have an established business relationship with us, you can email us to request a list of the personal information we have shared with third parties for their marketing purposes. We will also give you a list of the third parties that have received your information. You can make a request one time each year.Mention in your email that you are making a "California Shine the Light" inquiry. We will respond within 30 days.California Consumer Privacy Act.  If you are a California resident, you have specific privacy rights governed by the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).  These rights include:Disclosure.  You have the right to request a report showing the personal information collected, shared, and sold about you in the past 12 months. Opt-Out. You have the right to opt-out to the sale of your personal information to third parties.Deletion. You have the right to request that we delete any personal information collected from you.Non-Discrimination. We shall not discriminate against you based on your exercise of any of the above rights.You may submit a request to enact any of the above rights by clicking here  to submit a request or calling us at 855-663-0192 .  You may also submit your request by mailing a letter to the address at the bottom of this policy.  Please be sure to include your full name, email address, and which type of request you are making in your letter. To verify your identity, we may collect information such as your full name and email address. This information will be compared to our existing records to verify the identity of the individual submitting the request. We may also require you to confirm your request via an automated email message before responding to your CCPA rights request. Depending on the sensitivity of the information requested and the type of request, we may require additional information to verify your identity before responding.  We will respond to your request within 45 days if possible and required under the law.Personal Information Collected on California Residents:Names and AliasesPhysical AddressesPhone NumbersE-Mail AddressesIP AddressesUnique IdentifiersInteractions with Customer ServiceInformation about transactions made on our servicesFan Preferences and Attributes   Cookies/Web Beacons - We use tracking tools like browser cookies and web beacons. To learn more about these tools and to control them, please click here.Device Attributes Personal Information Disclosed for a Business Purpose or Sold About California Residents:Categories of Personal InformationPersonal InformationDisclosed for a Business PurposeSoldCategories of Third-Party RecipientsIdentifiersNames and AliasesXXBusiness Partners, Data Brokers, Technical Service ProvidersPhysical AddressesXXPhone NumbersXXE-Mail AddressesXXIP AddressesXXBusiness Partners, Technical Service ProvidersUnique IdentifiersXXCommercial InformationInteractions with Customer ServiceX Technical Service ProvidersInformation about transactions made on our servicesXXBusiness Partners, Data Brokers, Technical Service ProvidersIndividual’s Preferences and AttributesXXInternet/ Electronic ActivityCookies/Web BeaconsXXDevice AttributesXXTo opt-out of the sale of your personal information, please click “Do Not Sell My Personal Info”, or use the options presented above to submit a full request. You may designate an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf. For an authorized agent to be considered verified, you must provide the authorized agent with signed, written affidavit to make such requests or a power of attorney. We may follow up with you to verify your identity before processing an agent’s request.Sources of Data about California Residents:Self-disclosed (e.g. Information provided when interacting with our products and services)Business partners (e.g. Analytics companies, promoters, artists, fan clubs, sports teams, venue owners, etc.)Data brokers (e.g. Marketing companies, advertising partners, etc.)Technical service providers (e.g. Cloud service providers)Business or Commercial Purposes for Collecting or Selling Personal Information about California Residents:Providing products and servicesEvent managementMarket research and aggregated analyticsTo prevent, detect, and manage unlawful behaviorMarketingClient servicesStaff administrationThird Parties with Whom we Share Personal Information:Business partners (e.g. Analytics companies, promoters, artists, fan clubs, sports teams, venue owners, etc.)Data brokers (e.g. Marketing companies, advertising partners, etc.)Technical service providers (e.g. Cloud service providers)To view our CCPA request metrics, please click here .Do Not Track. Our websites and apps are not designed to respond to "do not track" requests from browsers.Our sites and apps are not intended for children.Our sites and apps are meant for adults. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child under 13 has given us information, you can email us here. You can also write to us at the address listed at the end of this policy. Please mark your inquiries "COPPA Information Request."Looking After Your Information We use standard security measures.We have security measures in place to protect your information. The standard security measures we use will depend on the type of information collected. However, the Internet is not 100% secure. We cannot promise that your use of our sites will be completely safe. If you think that an unauthorized account has been created using your name, contact us at the address below.We store information both in and outside of the United States.If you live outside of the United States, you understand and agree that we may transfer your information to the United States. This site is subject to United States laws, which may not afford the same level of protection of those in your country.We may link to third party sites or services we don't control.If you click on one of those links, you will be taken to websites we do not control. This policy does not apply to the privacy practices of those websites. Read the privacy policy of other websites carefully. We are not responsible for these third-party sites. Our site may also serve third-party content that contains their own cookies or tracking technologies. To learn more, click here. We do not control the use of those technologies.Contact Us Please contact us if you have more questions.If you have any questions about this Policy or other privacy concerns, you can email us at privacy@livenation.com. Please do not include your credit card number or other sensitive information in your email. You can also write us at:Live Nation Entertainment, Inc.9348 Civic Center DriveBeverly Hills, CA 90210Attention: Privacy Officer, LegalWhat we will do if there is an update to this policy.From time to time we may change our privacy practices. We will notify you of any material changes to this policy as may be required by law. We will also post an updated copy on our website. Please check our site periodically for updates.© 2020 Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. All rights reserved.
News Tours Music Media Band Hearts + Minds Zootopia Shop
Email List Terms + Conditions Privacy Do Not Sell My Info Help Translate
©2020 U2.  Powered by Live Nation Entertainment.