http://www.dieform.net/terms.php
HOME
Join or Sign In
Receive Die Form announcements,
participate in forums, and more...
Terms of Use
The following rules guide your use of this Site
By accessing, browsing, or using this Site, you acknowledge that you have read, understand, and agree
to be bound by the terms and conditions outlined below. If you do not agree to these terms then please
do not use this Site. We reserve the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of these terms at any time.
If you continue to use the site after we have posted changes to the terms, it means you have accepted those terms.
Site Contents, Ownership, and Use Restrictions
The information contained in this Site including all images, illustrations, designs, photographs, videoclips,
writings and other materials that appear herein are copyrights or other intellectual property owned, controlled,
or licensed (all of which, collectively, are herein referred to as the "Content") by Philippe Fichot/Die Form
and dieform.net (collectively, herein referred to as "dieform.net"). You may not copy, use, or retransmit any Content published on this site without express written permission of dieform.net.
Furthermore, you are not allowed to post or distribute any material you do not own or which you do not have permission to use.
Violation of this policy may result in copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property rights violation and subject you
to civil or criminal penalties.
Comments, Feedback, Postings, and other Information Submissions
You agree that any material, information, and ideas that you transmit to this Site or otherwise provide to dieform.net
("Transmissions") shall be and remain dieform.net's property. All Transmissions will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary and dieform.net shall be under no obligation
of any kind with respect to such information and shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute the Transmissions
to others without limitation. Additionally, dieform.net shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques
contained in such information for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing,
or marketing products incorporating such information.
IP and other network information may be collected by dieform.net for administration purposes including, but not limited to
investigation of possible abuse of membership privilege and/or terms of use, eliminating duplicate accounts, and traffic
monitoring. We can, whenever we want, revoke access to any membership services or privilege to anyone using the site.
In addition, you agree, and are hereby put on notice, that you are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from
this Site any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material or any other
material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under law. You are solely responsible for the content of
any comments you make.
Appropriate Online Conduct and Content
Anytime, with the exception of private e-mail, you upload to, distribute content, or publish through dieform.net, you grant
dieform.net the right to edit, copy, remove, distribute, create derivative works from and publish such content in any form
and medium, whether electronically or in hard copy and whether alone or as part of a collective work. You shall retain,
however, whatever other rights you have in pre-owned elements of such content. All areas on the Service are public and not
private communications. Chats, postings, conferences, and other communications by users are not endorsed by dieform.net
and such communications shall not be considered reviewed, screened or approved by us. We reserve the right for any reason
to remove without notice any contents of the Service received from a user, including without limitation message board postings.
This Web site may contain hyperlinks to Web sites operated by parties other than us. Such hyperlinks are provided for reference
and convenience only. We do not control such Web sites, and are not responsible for their contents. Just because we have
hyperlinks to such Web sites does not mean we endorse any of the material on such Web sites or have any association with
their operators.
Our Rights to Edit or Delete Content
We can, whenever we want, edit or delete any content displayed, uploaded to, distributed, or otherwise published through
the Service. You are entirely responsible and liable for all of your activities on dieform.net. Listed below are some, but not all,
violations that may result in termination of your access to the site. By using this site, you agree not to do any of the
following:
- Post, transmit, promote, or distribute content that is illegal.
- Harass, threaten, embarrass, or do anything else to another member that is unwanted. This means: insulting them,
repeatedly sending them unwanted messages, attacking their race, heritage, gender, sexual preference, etc.
- Transmit or facilitate distribution of content that is libelous, harmful, threatening, harassing, abusive, racially
or ethnically offensive, vulgar, sexually explicit, obscene, defamatory, or objectionable in a reasonable person's view.
- Use of vulgar or abusive language, or other conduct that may disrupt normal activities on the site or in the chat area.
- Pretend to be anyone whom you are not. You may not impersonate another member, a dieform.net staff member, or anyone else.
- Attempt to get a password, other account information, or other private information from a member, or harvest e-mail
addresses or other information.
- Post any unsolicited advertising, promotional materials, or any other forms of solicitation.
- In addition to the above, we expect our members to be courteous to other members, volunteers, and staff on the site.
Any comment that may be taken as rude, insulting, or harrassing in nature may be grounds for termination of your access
to the site. Postings on the public postboards, chat area, articles, etc. attacking any other member is not tolerated.
- The staff will have sole discretion in determining on a case by case basis to warn, delete or terminate an account.
We reserve the right to remove content at any time, including any content that violates these standards. We are not responsible for any objectionable material you may encounter while using the Service.
If you are under 13 you MUST ask your parents for permission before sending any personal information to us
or to anyone else. We neither rent nor sell personal information about any of our users without prior consent.
The United States Children's Online Privacy Protection Act went into effect on April 21st, 2000. This act requires all
web sites to obtain written permission from your parents before you can participate in any of dieform.net's messaging areas.
Your parents need to sign this form before you can have full access to dieform.net. Visit http://www.ftc.gov/kidzprivacy for information from the Federal Trade Commission about protecting children's online
privacy.
Disclaimer of Liability
IN NO EVENT SHALL DIEFORM.NET BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE FORM OF ANY ACTION,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTIONS, ALL ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE, COPYING, OR DISPLAY OF THE CONTENTS OF THIS SITE.
Dieform.net and anyone who helped to create, produce, deliver, or maintain the site are not liable for any damages
that may result from your use of the site. This includes direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive
damages and attorneys' fees arising from your access to, or use of, the site, including but not limited to challenges
or actions for infringement, libel, and slander. Therefore, your use of this site is at your risk only.
Further, everything on the site is provided to you "as is," without warranties of any kind, either express or implied,
unless such warranties are legally incapable of exclusion. Upon our request, you agree to indemnify and hold us harmless
from all liabilities, claims and expenses, including attorneys' fees, that arise from any breach of these terms of service
for which you are responsible, or from the use of this service or the transmission of any content through this service.
In other words, if you do something that, according to these terms, warrants your termination from the service or expulsion
from the site, you must accept full responsibility for anything that happens afterwards.
From time to time, dieform.net may promote or offer services and/or products by a third company("OFFERS").
IN NO EVENT SHALL DIEFORM.NET BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER CAUSED BY THE USE OR FULFILLMENT OF THESE OFFERS.
Privacy Policy
Our goal in collecting personal information from you upon registration is to provide you, the user, with the best
experience possible by targeting site content and advertisements to our audience. We will not sell, rent, or distribute
any of the registration information that you provide to us without your prior consent. Keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily give out any personally identifying information in discussion areas
or elsewhere, that information can be collected and used by others. Personally identifying information includes your name,
your home or other physical address, e-mail address, telephone number, or any information that makes you identifiable.
If you post any of this personally identifying information in online areas that are accessible to the public, you may
receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. Furthermore, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any
information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Any information you disclose to us becomes our property.
Anyone under the age of 18 must obtain parental permission before giving out any personally identifying information
or sending any information to us. Children under age 13 must obtain parental permission to register on our site.
In an effort to provide our users with the most current information, dieform.net will constantly make changes
in the Contents and in the products or services described on this Site. Dieform.net may revise these terms of use by updating this posting. You agree that in the event any portion of these Site
terms of use are found to be unenforceable, the remainder of these Site terms and conditions shall remain in full force
and effect. By using this Site you agree to be bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit
this page to determine the then current terms of use to which you are bound.
Copyright © 1979-2020 Ph. Fichot / Die Form.   - -  Terms & Privacy | Contact Die Form