http://www.rhymezone.com/help/
Find rhymes, synonyms, definitions, and more!
Word:
Find rhymes
Find near rhymes
Find synonyms
Find descriptive words
Find antonyms
Find definition
Find lyrics and poems
Find related words
Find similar sounding words
Find homophones
Match consonants only
Match these letters
Find similar spellings
Search for pictures
Search in Shakespeare
Search for quotations
Organize results by:
Syllables
Letters
Include phrases:
Yes
No
An overview of RhymeZone
What is RhymeZone?
RhymeZone is the best and fastest way to find English words for writing poetry, song lyrics,
essays, and more.
It has been running continuously
since 1996.
How do I use RhymeZone?
Type a word into the search box, select a
function in the dropdown list next to the box, and then hit
"Search" to view the results.
Here are the different
functions that you can select from that dropdown list:
Find rhymes:
This function will return words
that exactly rhyme with the word you typed in.
Find near rhymes:
This function will return words
that almost rhyme with the word you typed in.
Find synonyms:
This function will return words
that are the same or similar in meaning to the word
you typed in.
Find descriptive words:
This function will find words
that commonly describe your word, or vice versa.
For example,
"sunset" will bring up "beautiful", "red", and "gorgeous", among
other adjectives.
Find antonyms:
This function will return words
that can mean the opposite of what you typed in.
Find definition:
This function will search
for definitions of the word you typed in.
It will also allow
you to submit your query to other online dictionaries on the Web.
Find lyrics and poems:
This function will search
through millions of verses of poetry, lyrics, and plays
to find examples where the word is used in a rhyme.
Find homophones:
This function will return words
that have exactly the same pronunciation as what you typed in
but are spelled differently.
Find similar sounding words:
This function will return words
that have a pronunciation that's similar, but not necessarily
the same, as what you typed in.
Match consonants:
This option will return words
that have the same pattern of consonant sounds.
Phonetic,
for example, will return fanatic.
Find related words:
This option will return words
that are related in some important way to what you typed in.
Find similar spellings:
This option will return words
in the dictionary that are spelled similarly to what you typed in.
Use this feature to spell-check a word that you aren't sure of.
Match these letters:
This option will return words and phrases
that contain the letters you type in.
Search for pictures:
This function will search
for kids-friendly pictures on the Web related to the word you typed in.
Search in Shakespeare:
This function will search
all of Shakespeare's plays and poems for your word.
Linking to RhymeZone and accessing it from your browser's toolbar
You can install this magical link in your browser --
Search RhymeZone
-- to make it easier for you to access RhymeZone.
To install the link, simply click and hold the hyperlinked phrase "Search RhymeZone", above, and drag it up to your browser's bar of links.
Alternatively you can right-click on the link and select "Add to Favorites".
To use it on your own Web page, view the source of this Web page and copy the link to your own page.
You can link to this site, or include the forms on your own Web
site, for any reason whatsoever.
Read what others have said about RhymeZone, and
feel free to include the graphic on that page on your own Web pages.
Privacy policy
Each query you submit, including your hostname and the options you
select, is logged in a file.
This file is used solely to collect
aggregate access statistics to enhance the service, and no
individually identifying information is collected or exposed.
The
aggregated data is never shared with any party other than those
affiliated with the development of RhymeZone.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit RhymeZone. These companies may use information (not including your name, address email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies,
click here.
Política de privacidad
Cada consulta que envíe, incluyendo su nombre de host y las opciones
que ha seleccionado, se registran en un archivo. Este archivo se
utiliza exclusivamente para recoger estadísticas de acceso agregado
para mejorar el servicio, y ninguna información de identificación
individual se recoge o expone. Los datos agregados nunca se comparten
con terceros que no estén afiliados con el desarrollo de RhymeZone.
Utilizamos empresas de publicidad de terceros para publicar anuncios
cuando visita RhymeZone. Estas empresas pueden utilizar información
(sin incluir su nombre, dirección de correo electrónico o número de
teléfono) sobre su visita a este y otros sitios web para proporcionar
anuncios sobre bienes y servicios que puedan interesarle. Si desea
obtener más información sobre esta práctica y conocer sus opciones
sobre no proporcionar esta información y que estas empresas la usen,
haga clic aquí.
Profanity warning
If you use RhymeZone with young children, please know that you may
occasionally see results that contain words and phrases considered by
some people to be obscene.
While we make every effort to filter out
violent or needlessly graphic lyrics content, we aim to present
language realistically for all users regardless of age or background,
and so we do not explicitly censor RhymeZone results for profanity
or sexual themes.
With that in mind, please use your best judgment about how, or
whether, to browse RhymeZone with young children.
Problematic word associations
Some of the features on RhymeZone, such as the "related words" and
"descriptive words" functions, are enabled by a statistical analysis
of the words in a large collection of books written in the past
century.
A handful of times we've found that this analysis can lead
RhymeZone to suggest word associations that reflect racist or
harmful stereotypes present in the source material, and we remove
them.
If you see one of these, please know that we do not endorse the
association itself, and we'll seek to remove it from the site
if you report it to us via the "Feedback" link.
I found some "near rhymes" that seem way, way off.
What's up with that?
Sometimes you'll find strange results in the "near rhymes"
section.
Very often these will make more sense when you
hear the rhyme pronounced out loud in the context of a song.
RhymeZone casts a wide net to hunt down "near rhymes", analyzing
poetry and lyrics from several genres as well as the pronunciations
of the words themselves. We don't want to leave any stone
unturned to find good ideas for you, and we'd rather risk giving
you a bizarre suggestion than missing out on a good one!
What's up with the "phrase rhymes" section?
This experimental new tab on RhymeZone shows you
phrases that might be good matches for your multi-syllable query word.
For example, the word
"poetry" produces phrase rhymes like "boba tea" and "swollen knee" and
"hopeful he" and "moments we".
Some of these (like "boba tea") are
single conceptual units, while others (like "hopeful he") are sentence
fragments.
Both kinds of results may be useful when writing slant
rhymes that cross line boundaries, popular in hip hop music and recent
musical theater.
Typically, RhymeZone's phrase rhymes are assonant (share
vowel sounds) with the query word, and also have the same final
consonant, if any.
As with the "near rhymes" section you'll often find many strange choices in this section,
some of them nonsensical.
Phrase rhymes are a work in progress!
Who contributed to RhymeZone?
Doug Beeferman implemented RhymeZone in January 1996 (it was called the Semantic Rhyming Dictionary until April 2000.)
The pronunciation data that RhymeZone uses is derived in part from the CMU Pronouncing Dictionary and
from user submissions over the years.
Some of the semantic data that RhymeZone uses (synonyms, related words, and definitions) is derived from WordNet.
(License info here.)
The logo was designed by 2wongs Design Studio.
The corpus of witty quotations is derived in part from data licensed from Starling Technologies.
The frequency information that appears in the definitions of common names is derived
from the
U.S. Census Bureau's study of frequently occurring first names and surnames from the 1990 Census.
The Common Crawl is used to find snippets of poetry and lyrics on the Web that match RhymeZone queries.
The "descriptive words" function is derived from an analysis of Google Books Ngram data, which
is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License.
Other public domain works on this site, such as
Shakespeare and the American history documents, were originally drawn from
Project Gutenberg, a great repository of public domain electronic texts.
The clip art that appears on this site from time to time was purchased from
ArtToday.com.
The clip art is
Copyright (C) 2000-2001 www.arttoday.com.
How can I find out more?
You can submit comments or questions through this
feedback form.
You can follow the Datamuse blog or the RhymeZone Twitter feed for (very) occasional updates:
Follow @RhymeZonecom
Home
Forum
Feedback
API
Privacy
Copyright © 2016 Datamuse