https://www.halfmoon.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Book TicketsDonate
t
f
i
Newsletter Sign up
What’s On
What’s On at Half Moon
What’s On Tour
Gallery @ Half Moon
Workshops for Families
Venue Programming
Participate
Youth Theatre
YT Awards
Educators
Early years/Primary
Secondary/College
Higher Education
Creatives
Exchange for Change
Case Studies
Freelance Opportunities
Community
Work Experience
Arts Award
About Us
History
Production Archive
Who We Are
Jobs / Opportunities
Green Half Moon
Support Us
Theatre Passport
Supporters
Support Young People
Capital Project
easyfundraising
Hire
Party Hire
Performance Spaces
Rehearsal Spaces
Meeting Rooms
Your Visit
Find Us
Opening Times
Eat & Drink
Access
Visiting Companies
Contact Us
News
Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
YOUR PRIVACY
We at Half Moon Young People’s Theatre take your privacy very seriously. We know that you, like us, care about how your personal information is used and shared. Please read the following to learn more about how we collect, store, use and disclose information about you when you interact with us.
This policy covers our treatment of information that we gather when you are accessing or using our websites or services or when you contact us in any manner. We gather various types of information, including information that identifies you as an individual (“Personal Information”) as explained in more detail below.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US:
You may give us information about yourself by filling in forms on our website halfmoon.org.uk or by corresponding with us by phone, email or otherwise. When you use our website we collect the personal information that you provide to us, for example your name, your email address, your telephone number, financial and credit card information, as well as any other contact or other information you choose to provide us in connection with the delivery of services.
If you register, or express interest in, a young person attending our Youth Theatre groups we will collect the personal information that you provide to us, for example information about the young person including their name, date of birth, school they attend, and any additional needs they may have.
INFORMATION WE AUTOMATICALLY COLLECT:
When you use our website we collect information via cookies and other similar technologies which may include saving cookies to users’ computers. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our website. We collect certain information related to your device such as your device’s IP address, referring website, what pages your device visited, and the time that your device visited our website.
For further information, please see our cookie policy (https://www.halfmoon.org.uk/cookie-policy).
SENSITIVE INFORMATION
We may collect sensitive personal information about you including information about your racial or ethnic origin and offences or alleged offences committed by you. We generally only collect this kind of information on a voluntary basis and after having obtained your explicit consent to do so, or where it is necessary to do so to comply with legal requirements (including for employment law purposes and to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us).
HOW DO WE USE THE INFORMATION?
We use the information we collect via our services for a range of reasons, including:
to safeguard the young people, participants and customers who use our services;
to set up and maintain our contact and management systems;
to provide and operate our services;
to process and complete transactions and send related information including transaction confirmations and invoices;
to manage our participants’ and customers’ use of our services;
to investigate and prevent fraudulent activities and other illegal activities;
for any other purposes about which we notify customers, users and participants.
We use the information we collect via our website:
for administration and reporting purposes including (but not limited to) troubleshooting, performance analysis, statistical analysis and testing;
to improve our website to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device;
to analyse customers use of our website for trend monitoring and marketing purposes;
for the purposes made clear to you at the time you submit your information – for example, to fulfil your request for information on our products and services;
as part of our efforts to keep our website safe and secure.
We may also use the information you send to us via our website and/or services, to communicate with you via email and possibly other means regarding products, services, offers, promotions and events we think may be of interest to you or to send you our newsletter. You will always be able to opt-out of such communications at any time (see the “What choices do I have” section below).
BOX OFFICE
We use a third party provider, Savoy Systems, to deliver our box office system. We gather personal information that you provide to them, for example your name, your email address, your telephone number, address, and information about whether you have opted-in to receive our emails, brochure and third party information. For more information, please see Savoy Systems privacy notice (https://savoysystems.co.uk/docs/Savoy_Systems_Ltd_-_Privacy_Policy_25052018.pdf).
E-NEWSLETTER
We use a third party provider, Mailchimp, to deliver our e-newsletters. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter. For more information, please see Mailchimp’s privacy notice (https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy).
INSTANT MESSAGING
We use two third party providers, Google Messages and WhatsApp, to facilitate instant messaging. For more information, please see Google’s privacy notice (https://policies.google.com/privacy) and WhatsApp’s privacy notice (https://www.whatsapp.com/privacy)
SOCIAL MEDIA
We use two third party providers, Hootsuite and TweetDeck, to manage our social media interactions. For more information, please see Hootsuite’s privacy notice (https://hootsuite.com/en-gb/legal/privacy) and TweetDeck’s privacy policy (https://twitter.com/en/privacy).
WEB ANALYTICS
We use two third party providers, Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager, to analyse our web traffic. For more information, please see Google’s privacy notice (https://policies.google.com/privacy).
SURVEYS
We use a third party provider, Google Forms, to facilitate customised market research. For more information, please see Google’s privacy notice (https://policies.google.com/privacy).
HOW DO WE SHARE AND DISCLOSE THE INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES?
We do not sell or share your Personal Information to anyone without your explicit consent before doing so.
We may share your details with specific named visiting companies whose performances you have attended, but only if you have already given your explicit consent before doing so. Under certain circumstances we may be required to disclose your Personal Information in response to valid requests by public authorities such as the Police or security services.
LEGITIMATE INTERESTS
“Legitimate Interests” means the interests of our company in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/products and the best and most secure experience. For example, we have an interest in making sure our marketing is relevant for you, so we may process your information to send you marketing that is tailored to your interests. It can also apply to processing that is in your interests as well. For example, we may process your information to protect you against fraud when transacting on our website, and to ensure our websites and systems are secure.
When we process your personal information for our legitimate interests, we make sure to consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative), and your rights under data protection laws. Our legitimate business interests do not automatically override your interests – we will not use your Personal Data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law).
If you have any concerns you have the right to object to processing your personal information that is based on our legitimate interests.
IS PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT ME SECURE?
We use appropriate technical, organisational and administrative security measures to protect any information we hold from loss, misuse, unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. We will ensure that any third parties we use for processing your personal information do the same. Unfortunately, no company or service can guarantee complete security. Unauthorised entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of user information at any time.
WHAT CHOICES DO I HAVE?
You can always opt not to disclose information to us, but keep in mind some information may be needed to register with us, take advantage of our services and participate in our events. You can opt-out of receiving promotional or marketing communications from us at any time by using the Manage Preferences page or unsubscribe link in the email communication we send. If you have engaged in any of our services we may send you related communications.
LINKED WEBSITES
For your convenience, hyperlinks may be posted on our website that link to other websites (the “Linked Websites”). We are not responsible for, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to, the privacy practices of any Linked Websites or of any companies that we do not own or control. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit.
WILL HALF MOON YOUNG PEOPLE’S THEATRE EVER CHANGE THIS PRIVACY POLICY?
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
WHAT IF I HAVE QUESTIONS ABOUT THIS POLICY?
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy, please send a detailed message to admin@halfmoon.org.uk
Our main address for the purposes of this website is Half Moon Young People’s Theatre, 43 White Horse Road, London, E1 0ND.
Half Moon Young People’s Theatre is a Registered Charity (No. 1010192) and Registered Company (No. 2479179). Our VAT number is 748 901 504.
WHAT IF I HAVE A COMPLAINT?
If you want to make a complaint about the way we have handled your personal information, you can contact the Information Commissioner’s Office which oversees data protection law – www.ico.org.uk/concerns.
Support UsEach year, we have to raise more than half of our turnover through donations and grants – Donate today to support our activities and help keep our prices affordable.
Read More
Sort By Month Select Month December 2020 January 2021 February 2021
Visit us
Nearest stations:
Limehouse mainline and DLR stations (Take Bekesbourne Street exit)
Stepney Green tube (District and Hammersmith & City)
View Larger Map
Tfl Journey Planner
Contact us
Half Moon Young People’s Theatre
43 White Horse Road, London E1 0ND
Administration 020 7265 8138
Box office 020 7709 8900
Have a question?
Send us a message
We are supported by
ACCESSIBILITY  |  PRESS  |  PRIVACY POLICY
© Copyright Half Moon 2020
Registered Charity 1010192
Registered Company 2479179
Website by We Solutions