http://www.wlrh.org/wlrh-privacy-policy
Skip to main content
DONATE
LISTEN ONLINE NOW
Navigation
Home
News
COVID-19 Information
How has COVID-19 Changed your Day-to-Day Life?
Submit an Interview Request
Programs
Sundial Writers Corner
The Public Radio Hour
Valley Sounds
The Invisible City
Talkin' The Blues
Reelin' In the Years
One Minute at a Time: Stories from our Station's Quarantine
Morning Blend
Moments in American History
Brass, Reeds, and Percussion
Arts Underground
Network Programs A-Z
Schedule
89.3 FM HD1 - Main
89.3 FM HD2 - Classical
89.3 FM HD3 - News & Talk
Community
Contest Rules
Community Calendar
Submit Event to Calendar
Community Links
Submit a PSA Request
Photo Gallery
The WLRH Mobile App
WLRH Community Newsroom
The WLRH Public Microphone
Support
Become A Member
Donate Your Vehicle
Day Sponsorships
Matching Gifts
Make an IRA Contribution
Make A Bequest Gift to WLRH
Become an Underwriter
Volunteer
About
Annual Financial Reports
Board of Directors
Directions
Jobs
History
FCC Public File
Staff Directory
WLRH Privacy Policy
Media Kit
Contact
General Questions
Interview Request
WLRH Friday Request
Submit to the Sundial Writers Corner
WLRH Privacy Policy
Your privacy is of utmost importance to Huntsville Public Radio.  To maintain the trust you have in us, we pledge to make our website (any reference to “website” or “site” in this Privacy Policy also includes the WLRH mobile app) a safe and secure environment.  This privacy policy will advise you on information we collect about you and how we may use that information.  Our priority is to take all steps necessary to ensure the security of your information.
Gathering and Use of Information
We do not collect any personal identification information from you other than what you supply voluntarily.  Anyone under the age of 13 must have their parents’ approval before sending WLRH any personal identification information.
We may ask you to submit personal identification information to include your name, address, e-mail address, or phone number if needed to provide you with specific services.  These may include your subscription to our electronic newsletter, purchasing products, requesting information or making an initial or renewal contribution to WLRH.  In those cases, we will ask only for the information necessary.  We will also advise you as to how the information will be used and, whenever possible, provide an alternate way of participating that preserves your online anonymity.
We do not sell or trade personal identification information about our users. The only outside parties with whom this information is shared are those hired by WLRH to complete a transaction in which you have chosen to participate, such as fulfilling your request for a thank-you gift or with an outside supplier who provides mail services for our organization.  WLRH’s contracts with such organizations stipulate that they cannot use the information provided for any use other than the intended use.
WLRH may occasionally use some of the personal identification information you furnish to advise you about educational, fundraising, or broadcast programs or services in which you may have indicated an interest.  For example, we may remind you when your membership is about to lapse, or we may use it to notify you of something you need to know to ensure uninterrupted service from WLRH. You will always have the option to “opt out” of a service or subscription, which will be honored as quickly as possible.
Credit Card Information
Only individuals age 18 or older may make credit card transactions with WLRH. All financial transactions made online take place on secure servers and are sent only in a secured or encrypted format.  Personal credit card information is saved in an encrypted format on internal systems that are either not connected to the Internet or are protected by advanced firewalls that are separate from the computers that serve WLRH public sites.  As with other personal identification information gathered by WLRH, this information is not made available to any third party and is considered completely confidential.  When you join WLRH, your name, complete contact information, and all contributions are received by WLRH’s Membership Department, where the information is fully protected.
Tracking and Use of Cookies
In order to allow you to customize certain areas of our website, or to complete a transaction, at times we will store a “cookie” on your computer.  This small text file records a randomly generated ID for you, along with the data necessary to maintain the level of customization you have selected.
WLRH’s website also uses cookies to collect anonymous data about visits to certain areas of the site.  These cookies contain no personal identification information.  They simply record patterns of usage of the website so that we may monitor its performance and continue to improve its usefulness to visitors.
Acceptance of WLRH Online Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
By using this site, you signify your agreement to the terms and conditions of WLRH’s Online Privacy Policy.  If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use the site.  We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add to, or remove portions of this policy at any time to further enhance its usefulness.  Please check this page periodically for any changes.  Your continued use of the WLRH website following the posting of any changes to these terms shall mean that you have accepted those changes.
If you have any questions or concerns about WLRH’s privacy policy or practices on WLRH’s website, please e-mail us at webmaster@aptv.org, or write to:  APT Webmaster, 2112 11th Avenue South, Suite 400, Birmingham, AL  35205-2884.
What's On Now
Listen Online
Main HD 1
Classical HD 2
News and Talk HD 3
Upcoming Events
Friday, December 11, 2020
Skating in the Park
The Nutcracker: A Yuletide Ballet - Livestream
Saturday, December 12, 2020
Rocket City Trombone Christmas 2020
The Nutcracker: A Yuletide Ballet - Livestream
Sunday, December 13, 2020
IMPHuntsville’s Drive-In Cabaret
The Nutcracker: A Yuletide Ballet - Livestream
Monday, December 14, 2020
TN Valley Chapter, Sons of American Revolution
Thursday, December 17, 2020
St. Stephens Free Food Pick Up
Friday, December 18, 2020
Skating in the Park
Saturday, December 19, 2020
Winter Solstice Market
Wednesday, December 23, 2020
Cove Universal Playground
Friday, December 25, 2020
Skating in the Park
Project Sweet Peas
Saturday, December 26, 2020
Huntsville Essential Tremor Support Group
Monday, December 28, 2020
Partnership for a Drug-Free Community
Thursday, December 31, 2020
SAFY of Alabama
Friday, January 1, 2021
St. Stephens Free Food Pick Up
Huntsville Bead Society Monthly Meeting
Skating in the Park
Wednesday, January 6, 2021
Urban Engine
Friday, January 8, 2021
Skating in the Park
Sunday, January 10, 2021
Skating in the Park
Monday, January 11, 2021
TN Valley Chapter, Sons of American Revolution
Wednesday, January 13, 2021
Cattyshack at Lowe Mill
View Calendar
Listen to NPR Stories Online
Challenging The NCAA: HBCUs Say No More Discrimination In Academic Rules
'It Is Roiling Him': Reporter Maggie Haberman Unpacks Trump's Refusal To Admit He Lost
Pompeo's Legacy Of Partisanship And Wading Into Political Waters
There's Rich, And Then There's Jeff Bezos Rich: Meet The World's Centibillionaires
As Climate Envoy, Kerry To Seek 'Ambition' With 'Humility'
With Far-Right Extremism On The Rise, Germany Investigates Its Police
View More Stories
©2020 WLRH PUBLIC RADIO
CONTACT | TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY | SITE INDEX | LOG IN
Address
WLRH Public Radio
UAH Campus
John Wright Drive
Huntsville, AL 35899
Get Directions
Phone
LOCAL:
(256) 895-9574
TOLL-FREE:
(800) 239-9574
WLRH is licensed to the Alabama Educational Television Commission
Default StyleBlue StyleGreen StyleOrange StylePink StyleRed Style