http://www.neridanewton.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Who we are
Our website address is: http://www.neridanewton.com/
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
Additional information
How we protect your data
What data breach procedures we have in place
What third parties we receive data from
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
Search for:
Search
Recent Posts
Eleven Factors In order to avoid In Passive Income Ideas.
9 Negatives of Greenville SEO and exactly how You’ll Workaround It.
One Functions of ClickFunnels Bonus Which make Most people Like it.
Eight Amenities of SEO Process That make Every body Adore it.
8 Elements That Have an impact on How to See Your YouTube Subscribers’s Longevity.
Archives
December 2020
November 2020
October 2020
September 2020
August 2020
July 2020
June 2020
May 2020
April 2020
March 2020
February 2020
January 2020
December 2019
November 2019
October 2019
September 2019
August 2019
July 2019
June 2019
May 2019
April 2019
March 2019
February 2019
January 2019
Categories
Internet Marketing
Uncategorized
Meta
Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org
MarketingExperimentsThe Marketer as Philosopher, Episode 3 The Conversion Heuristic Analysis: Overcoming the prospect’s perception gapUse two case studies, a product tag, and a host of creative analogies to give you a better understanding of why this gap exists and how you can overcome value perception challenges. The post The Marketer as Philosopher, Episode 3 The Conversion Heuristic Analysis: Overcoming the prospect’s perception gap appeared first on MarketingExperiments.Data Pattern Analysis: Learn from a coaching session with Flint McGlaughlinGet direct help in using the free Data Pattern Analysis Tool to increase your company’s conversion in this first-ever free coaching session from MarketingExperiments. The post Data Pattern Analysis: Learn from a coaching session with Flint McGlaughlin appeared first on MarketingExperiments.The Marketer as Philosopher Episode 2The Data Pattern Analysis: 3 ways to turn info into insightUse this powerful spreadsheet tool to help you tame your metrics. Simplify your marketing goals with 3 ratios that any marketer can understand. The post The Marketer as Philosopher Episode 2The Data Pattern Analysis: 3 ways to turn info into insight appeared first on MarketingExperiments.Get Your Free Simplified MECLABS Institute Data Pattern Analysis Tool to Discover Opportunities to Increase ConversionGet the tool that uncovers where customers are dropping out of your funnel and where you should focus marketing efforts. The post Get Your Free Simplified MECLABS Institute Data Pattern Analysis Tool to Discover Opportunities to Increase Conversion appeared first on MarketingExperiments.The Marketer as PhilosopherEpisode 1: Become a Force for the GoodImprove your marketing skills while applying them to a worthy endeavor to benefit real people, right now. The post The Marketer as PhilosopherEpisode 1: Become a Force for the Good appeared first on MarketingExperiments.How to Get Buy-in for Your Projects, Plans and Proposals From the First Pitch to Successful Completion (plus free template)This free template is designed to quickly, clearly and easily communicate the value prop for your IT project, marketing plan, advertising campaign, etc The post How to Get Buy-in for Your Projects, Plans and Proposals From the First Pitch to Successful Completion (plus free template) appeared first on MarketingExperiments.