http://www.iadtvegas.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home
Teaching
Higher Education
Extra Curricular
Privacy Policy
Terms
Our Mission
Contact Us
Privacy Policy:IAD Education Portal ("IAD Education Portal") operates http://www.iadtvegas.com and may operate other websites. It is IAD Education Portal's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, IAD Education Portal collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. IAD Education Portal's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how IAD Education Portal's visitors use its website. From time to time, IAD Education Portal may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
IAD Education Portal also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on http://www.iadtvegas.com blogs/sites. IAD Education Portal only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to IAD Education Portal's websites choose to interact with IAD Education Portal in ways that require IAD Education Portal to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that IAD Education Portal gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at http://www.iadtvegas.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with IAD Education Portal are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, IAD Education Portal collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with IAD Education Portal. IAD Education Portal does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
IAD Education Portal may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. IAD Education Portal may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, IAD Education Portal does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
IAD Education Portal discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on IAD Education Portal's behalf or to provide services available at IAD Education Portal's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using IAD Education Portal's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. IAD Education Portal will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, IAD Education Portal discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when IAD Education Portal believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of IAD Education Portal, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an IAD Education Portal website and have supplied your email address, IAD Education Portal may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with IAD Education Portal and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. IAD Education Portal takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. IAD Education Portal uses cookies to help IAD Education Portal identify and track visitors, their usage of IAD Education Portal website, and their website access preferences. IAD Education Portal visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using IAD Education Portal's websites, with the drawback that certain features of IAD Education Portal's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If IAD Education Portal, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that IAD Education Portal goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of IAD Education Portal may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by IAD Education Portal and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, IAD Education Portal may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in IAD Education Portal's sole discretion. IAD Education Portal encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a http://www.iadtvegas.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Visit
Recent Posts
Why You Should Pay for Professional Dissertation Writing Services
The Relevance of Online Financial Accounting Help to Managers
Reasons Why Proofreading Service Is Important
Why Students Need Help With Biology Assignments
Difference Between Descriptive and Inferential Statistics
The Advantages of Hiring Biology Homework Doers
Easy Ways to Improve on Your Writing Skills
Effective Tips When Applying for Student Loans
Proven Tips To Successfully Apply For A College Loan
Interesting Ways To fund Your College Education
Can Students Get A Loan Without A Co-signer?
Importance Of Going To University
How to keep your students attentive in class
More information
Latest Pins From Pinterest
No feeds available.
Pages
Contact Us
Extra Curricular
Our Mission
Privacy Policy
Terms
Watch this
Tagsacademic
article
attention
biology assignment
Biology Homework
class room
college
College Education
Cosigner
decision-making
dissertation writing services
Education Finance
Education Financing
financial statements
higher education
internal audit
Loan
Loan Application
loans
operations
population
service
statistics
student
Students loan
teaching
university
Work Program
writing
writing skills
writing style
More information
Categories
Data
Education
Education Financing
Higher Education
loans
Online Academic Writing Services
Online Accounting Help
Teaching
Uncategorized
Follow Us
Advertisement
December 2020
W
T
F
S
S
M
T
« Sep
1
2345678
9101112131415
16171819202122
23242526272829
3031
Our Friends