http://www.moviehouse.co.uk/page/terms-and-conditions
Movies
Rewind
Events
Coming Soon
VIP
Cinemas
Giftcards
Prices
Safety
Contact Us
Terms and Conditions
Internet & Telephone BookingsAll Card Transactions are handled and processed by our Ticketing Partners Jack Roe Ltd. Card Purchases made at Movie House Cinemas will be listed on Customer's Account Statements as MOVIEHOUSE JACRO - Ross on Wye.Customers should check their inbox and junk folder for the confirmation email before attending the cinema for the confirmed details of their booking and booking collection code.Purchased Tickets are for the performance chosen at the time of booking and cannot be exchanged, altered or refunded. We are under no obligation to rectify mistakes or refund any Ticket after the sale.Some screenings use allocated seating, and to maximise capacity in a screening (esp if customers have left single seats around their chosen seats), we may move your seats by just 1 or 2 places in the row to close any gaps.  Some seating policies prevent customers from leaving single seats3D glasses will be required when purchasing tickets for 3D films using the MasterImage 3D system. Glasses cost £1 if purchased at a Movie House Cinema. Wherever possible, the booking pages indicate whether your purchase includes 3D glasses. However, due to the variety of 3D systems used by modern cinemas, the type of glasses required, and whether or not these may be purchased in advance, can vary from Location.If you already have a pair of 3D glasses please check that they are compatible with the Master Image 3D system.Customers must adhere to the BBFC classification for the films chosen as we are required to refuse admission to customers who are, or appear to be under the age for their preferred film. Proof of age may be required. BBFC consumer information is available on the website under ‘Information for Parents’.To qualify for discounted tickets (eg Student, Senior, etc) proof of entitlement will be required (depending on the method of purchase either) at the time of payment, or on collection or on admittance to the cinema. Failure to do so will result in being charged the full admission price in addition to any administrative fee required.We reserve the right to refuse admission or to ask customers to leave the cinema, without a refund, if they behave in a manner that detracts from the enjoyment of others. This includes the use of mobile phones or recording equipment.If the film chosen is cancelled for any reason our liability will be limited to the ticket price only.Events - These are broadcast using a live Satellite Feed or a Pre-Recorded feed- please note that this type of event can be disrupted by poor weather affecting signal reception and quality. This would be out of our control and please be aware that refunds cannot be made unless the event is cancelled or abandoned.Collection of BookingsFor Internet Bookings, customers should always bring their email confirmations.For Telephone Sales, customers must bring the relevant debit/credit card with them to enable them to collect their tickets from the ATM.For Internet Bookings made at City Side, Dublin Road & Coleraine, customers can avail of using the Booking Collection Code (detailed on their email) to pickup tickets without using their card. For Telephone Sales at these locations, customers can request the Booking Collection Code from the cashier at the time of their booking.refunds cannot be made unless the event is cancelled or abandoned.Gift Card & E-Gift Card Terms and ConditionsGift Cards can be purchased from any Movie House Cinema and will be valid at any Movie House Cinema location and the Jet Centre Coleraine (excluding Yoko Restaurant). You can buy gift cards online by clicking hereCards can only be purchased with a minimum starting value of £10 and then in increments of £5.Cards can only be used as payment for Tickets, 3D glasses and kiosk goods and any other fees.The gift card and any remaining balance will only be valid for a period of 24 months from date of purchase.Gift Cards cannot be used as payment for other vouchers or Gift Cards.Lost, Damaged Stolen or Deleted Cards cannot be replaced or reissued.  Once Purchased, Cards cannot be returned, refunded or exchanged for cash.Cards can be redeemed in person over the counter, over the telephone by speaking to a cashier or online via our booking pages. Customers must ensure they select "redeem a gift card" on the payment pages.In the event that we are unable to redeem your gift card due to a technical problem beyond our control (internet failure), alternative payment will be required.You can check and top up your balance online by clicking hereIn the event of any discrepancy in relation to your gift card please get in contact with the Head Office Gift Card team using the contact us submission form.Social Media CompetitionsAcceptance of these Terms. By entering into this Competition, you will be deemed to have accepted, and to have agreed to be bound by, these terms and conditions. All instructions, rules and conditions on any advertising or promotional materials relating to this Competition form part of these terms and conditions, provided that in the event of any conflict or inconsistency, these terms and conditions shall prevail.Participants. You must be a UK resident aged 18 years or over at the time of entry to participate. The Prize Draw is not open to employees of Movie House Cinemas’, their immediate families, or anyone else professionally connected with the Competition. Whether any eligibility requirement has or has not been met is always at our sole discretion and we may require evidence or confirmation from entrants before awarding prizes.How to Enter. To enter the social media competition, entrants must submit their answer/comment in the comments section of the competition post on the Movie House Cinemas’ social media page. There is no requirement to make any purchase in order to enter the Competition or access the relevant social media link. Movie House Cinemas’ accepts no liability for any technical issues of any kind that may prevent anyone from entering the Competition. Copyright in all entries is owned by the Promoter. Start Date and Closing Date. The start time and date for the Competition will be when the competition has been posted on social media. The closing time and date for the competition will be stated on the individual competition post. Where any prize is awarded via a prize draw, prize winners will be chosen at random from all qualifying entries within twenty-eight (28) days of the Competition closing date. The Prize. Please note, Movie House Cinemas’ gives no warranty or guarantee as to the quality of the prize. No cash alternatives will be offered. If the prize becomes unavailable for any reason outside of our control, we reserve the right to offer an alternative prize of equal value. Where a prize is won by a person younger than 18, we reserve the right to award the prize to the prize winner's parent or guardian on behalf of the prize winner.Winner’s details. The winners’ first and last names will be disclosed via social media when they have been selected. Movie House Cinemas’ decision regarding the winners will be final and no correspondence will be entered into. The winners may be required to take part in publicity and by entering this Competition they hereby agree to taking part in any such publicity.Promoter and Promoter’s Rights. The promoter of this Prize Draw is Movie House Cinemas’ Limited (Registered office: 100 - 150 York Street, Belfast, BT1 1WA). Movie House Cinemas reserves the right to (i) amend these terms and conditions at any time and without notice, and (ii) terminate or suspend the Prize Draw at any time due to circumstances beyond its control.Jurisdiction. These terms and conditions (and any related disputes) are subject to interpretation under the laws of Northern Ireland, and to the jurisdiction of the courts of Northern Ireland.Data Protection. All data provided by participants will be treated in line with Movie House Cinemas’ Privacy Policy (available on the Movie House Cinemas’ website at https://www.moviehouse.co.uk/page/privacy-policy), and only for the purposes of running the prize draw and administration of the Prize.
INTERMISSION - LATEST NEWS
Temporary Closure
Published: 15 Oct 2020
Sadly, we have just learned that all cinemas are required to close at 6pm on Friday 16th Oct for 4 weeks.
Read More
Cityside/Yorkgate is now trialling Zoono
Published: 01 Sep 2020
Movie House Cityside/Yorkgate is now trialling a new advanced residual antimicrobial treatment called Zoono throughout t...
Read More
Movie House VIP Award Winner
Published: 09 Mar 2020
Congratulations to all of the Danske Bank Blackboard award winners and to all of the nominees. Movie House Cinemas would...
Read More
Dublin Road cinema to close April 26
Published: 22 Feb 2020
Movie House Cinemas can now confirm that the Dublin Road cinema will be closing on Sunday, April 26th.
Read for more ...
Read More