http://www.stationindex.com/tv/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy StatementThis is the privacy policy statement for the web site StationIndex.com.
Our postal address is
P.o. Box 911
Vacaville, CA 95696
We can be reached via e-mail at
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).
We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who post messages to our bulletin board, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, the e-mail addresses of those who make postings to our chat areas, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, shared with other reputable organizations to help them contact consumers for marketing purposes, disclosed when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Website and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Website.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site , ensure that visitors are not repeatedly sent the same banner ads, customize Web page content based on visitors' browser type or other information that the visitor sends.
With respect to third party advertising: To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads throughout our site. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information.
For further information, consult the privacy policies of:
Google Adsense
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice.
If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all information [including proprietary information] that we maintain about them, communications that the consumer/visitor has directed to our site (e.g., e-mails, customer inquiries).
With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above e-mail address.
Return to Station Index