http://www.childrenslit.com/privacy-policy
Privacy PolicyCLCD has created this privacy statement to demonstrate our company's firm commitment to privacy. We may amend this statement from time to time. If we make any substantial changes to the way we use your personal information, we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement in our application and website.This privacy statement applies only to personal information gathered through our website. If you have a question or complaint about our use of personal information that was not collected through our website, please email us at help@clcd.com or the address below.Use of Cookies in CLCD Applications and Products CLCD uses cookies to assist users in making our applications easy to use. Cookies allow our users to bypass the step of having to log in and to simply store userid/password in a cookie. The users email address, name and institutions address makes up the primary information that is stored. Personal Information that we use and how we use itOther than the information gathered through automatic means in accordance with our Cookies policy above, CLCD does not collect any personal information through our website, except for IP address information or offered voluntarily for the purpose of automatic login or for receiving additional information, or subscribe to CLCD newsletter (which is known as "Read and Shine"). When you subscribe to CLCD products through our Subscriptions page or a free-trial, you are giving permission to sign up for our free Newsletter. However, you can choose to opt-out or you can also unsubscribe from further communications. The information you provide through our trial subscription or paid subscription is used only to provide you with the service you have selected. Contact information is solely for contacting you about the application and services. This information is not sold to any third-party.Your ConsentWe do not collect any additional information other than stated above.
If you do not consent to our use of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Statement, please do not provide your personal information or, where applicable, exercise the opt-in or opt-out options offered. If you consent to our use of your personal information and later change your mind, you may withdraw your consent to our further collection, use, disclosure and storage of information about you, by contacting us at 888-611-2523 or help@clcd.com . Note that if you withdraw your consent to certain uses of your personal information, we may no longer be able to provide you with services that you have requested.SecurityWe have reasonable security measures in place with the goal of protecting against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the personal information under our control.ChildrenOur website is not intended or designed to attract children under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, you must not provide your personal information. We do not knowingly collect personal information from any person under the age of 18. While Users below 18 years of age can access the database, it should be done with parental or guardian consent or supervision.How to Contact UsIf you have any questions about this privacy statement, our information practices, or your dealings with this website, please contact us: Attention: Privacy ManagementCLCD, LLC 322 Shore Road Somers Point, NJ 08244 USA Phone: 888-611-2523 Fax: 888-611-2524 Email: help@clcd.comApplicable LawsCLCD, LLC is headquartered in the United States of America. Our use of personal information is subject to applicable US privacy laws. However, we also comply with the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation with respect to personal information that is collected via our website. Visitors who are in the European Economic Area may also review the information in our supplemental GDPR Privacy Notice(Last updated July 30th, 2019)