http://www.themusichall.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
The Music Hall is committed to protecting your privacy. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
While The Music Hall has taken reasonable steps to limit the uses of information provided by you to those described in this Privacy Statement, we cannot guarantee that the information will remain permanently secure. There is always a possibility that your information could be lost due to technical problems or stolen from our databases. The Music Hall is not responsible for any such loss or theft.
The Music Hall is not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of Web sites to which it may link. These guidelines are subject to change. Any such changes will be posted on this page. If at any time you choose not to accept the terms and conditions herein, please do not use this site.
Information Collection and Use
We collect only the Internet Service Provider identity, not the e-mail address, of visitors to our Web page, unless you volunteer such information. We do collect the e-mail address of anyone who communicates with us via e-mail. These addresses are for e-mail correspondence only.
We also collect information on pages that visitors access and any information you volunteer, such as name, address, telephone number, and credit card information. We request this information when you place a ticket order, when you register to become a Music Hall Member, or when you ask to be on our Mailing List. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Unless a Music Hall Member requests otherwise (please write or call us) information collected from Music Hall Members is used for purposes of sending membership mailings, including announcements about upcoming shows and Music Hall events, priority ticket purchases, contests and promotional events, and fund-raising purposes.
The Music Hall does not sell or rent mail, phone, or email lists. Organizations that sell tickets through The Music Hall Box Office do receive this information about their ticket buyers. The Music Hall utilizes mail, phone, and email information to promote our own activities, allowing patrons the right to opt out of any or all these forms of communication at any time. The Music Hall occasionally shares targeted ticket buyer mailing lists with like organizations for one-time-use only, to promote activities that may be of interest to our patrons. Donor lists are never shared.
We also use non-identifying and aggregate information to improve the content of our Web pages, for systems administration, and troubleshooting purposes. This information is not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes. This kind of information includes which pages you visit, how many pages you visit, the search engine and keywords you may have used, and how long you visit our site.
By attending an event at The Music Hall you consent to photography, audio recording, video recording and its release, publication, exhibition, or reproduction to be used for promotional purposes, advertising, inclusion on websites, social media, or any other purpose by The Music Hall and its representatives. You release The Music Hall  its employees, and each and all persons involved from any liability connected with the taking, recording, digitizing, or publication and use of interviews, photographs, computer images, video and/or audio recordings, and you waive all rights to any claims for payment or royalties in connection with any use of these materials. You also waive any right to inspect or approve any photo, video, or audio recording taken by The Music Hall or the person or entity designated to do so by The Music Hall.
The Music Hall reserves the right to share information collected from you with third parties if we are authorized to do so, if the law requires it, or to protect the rights of The Music Hall.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will always post these changes on this page so that you are aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we will disclose it. We will never knowingly collect or use personal data from children under the age of 13 without parental consent.
Be the first to know about news, events, and promotions
Close Navigation
Search Site
Search
Calendar
Series
Membership
Rent Space
Support Us
About
Community
Visit
Blog
Merchandise
Subscribe to Email
Contact
Back to top.