http://www.sgco.co.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
St George’s Chamber Orchestra (SGCO) is an affiliated member of ‘The Arts at St George’s’ (AASG) a venture promoting the Arts and the use of St George’s Church Beckenham for concerts and other Arts events for the benefit of the local and surrounding communities. Both SGCO and AASG operate on a ‘not for profit’ basis.
We are committed to protecting your personal information and being transparent about the information we hold about you which is minimal.
Using personal information allows us to develop a better understanding of our audience and in turn to provide you with relevant and timely information about our concerts and activities it also helps us to engage with potential donors and supporters.
The purpose of this policy is to give you a clear explanation about how and when we collect and use your information.
Sensitive personal data
Data Protection law recognises that certain categories of personal information are more sensitive than others for example information about health, race, religious beliefs and political opinions. We never collect this type of information about our subscribers or audience members.
We do we collect or store your credit or debit card details, age, date of birth, postal address or telephone number.
This statement explains:
• What information we may collect about you
• How we may use that information
• In what situations we may disclose your details to third parties
• Information about how we keep your personal information secure, how we maintain it for and your rights to be able to access it
Your personal data and what we use it for
The only personal data we collect about you and which you need to supply us to join our e-mailing list or buy tickets from our website is your name and e-mail address.
You can subscribe to our e-mail distribution list on this website or by completing a paper application form at one of our concerts or otherwise applied to join the list for example by e-mail. We retain a copy of any paper application you have made if you subscribe in that way in which case we add your name and e-mail address directly to the distribution list at Mail Chimp’s website for you. We have access to your data on Mail Chimp’s website whether you have subscribed on-line or on paper.
We only use your data for the purposes of communicating with you about St George’s Chamber Orchestra and its concerts if you have subscribed to the list or to communicate with you about ticket purchases made on-line via our website should that be necessary.
E-mail list service provider
Our E-mail service provider is Mail Chimp who hold our E-mail Distribution List on their website They store only your name and e-mail address. You can view Mail Chimp’s Privacy notice via this link.
Our E-mail Distribution List is not held on our website or accessible from it.
On-line Ticket Purchase
On-line ticket purchases are made using PayPal. While PayPal collect other personal data in the course of your ticket purchasing transactions through them your name and e-mail address is the only personal data which PayPal send to us. We do not obtain or store your credit or debit card details, postal address or telephone number or any other personal data.
We record and store your name and e-mail address in our Box Office system when you make a ticket purchase. This enables us to e-mail your on-line printable ticket receipt to you and to communicate directly with you about your tickets should that be necessary.
You can view PayPal’s Privacy notice via this link.
When you present your ticket receipt to gain admission to one of our concerts it will be checked against a printed copy of the box office sales records. The printed sales sheet is kept as a record in case of audit by PPL PRS Ltd (Phonographic Performance, Performing Rights Society).
Acceptance of our Privacy Policy
By clicking on the ‘Subscribe button’ on the E-mail sign-up page on our website, completing one of our hardcopy E-Mail Application Sheets or making a ticket purchase via PayPal you accept this Privacy Policy.
Sharing your personal data
Your personal data will be treated as strictly confidential.
We have do not share your data with any third parties whether individuals, organisations or other entities except where we are under a duty to disclose your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation (for example to government or regulatory bodies and law enforcement agencies).
Storing your personal data
Our data controllers, and on occasion from time to time our website design and servicing engineers, may have access to your data (name and e-mail address) via our Box Office system or our E-mail Distribution List at Mail Chimp’s website in the course of maintaining, servicing and developing our website. They will comply with their legal obligations to store and destroy your data securely and to protect it from loss, misuse, unauthorised access and disclosure.
Our Data Controllers are the orchestra’s Musical Director and Operations Manager for the time being.
We may, from time to time, download copies of the current e-mail distribution list from Mail Chimp or our Box Office system records for example to ensure that:-
A copy of the e-mail list is available to us should Mail Chimp cease to trade or should we need to change E-mail Distribution service provider so that we may remain in contact with you and / or
We have the necessary Box Office records in a suitable format for the purposes of administering our concerts and the orchestra, resolving any ticketing issues with you and substantiating audits for example by PPL PRS Ltd (Phonographic Performance Limited, Performing Rights Society)
Any such downloads will be held by our Operations Manager.
Unsubscribing from our E-mail Distribution List, Updating your Name, E-mail Address / profile
You may ‘unsubscribe’ from our e-mailing list at any time by clicking on the ‘Unsubscribe button’ in one of e-mails we have sent you.
If you ‘Unsubscribe’ you will no longer appear in our E-mail Distribution List and you will no longer receive Newsletter E-mails or other communications from us.
You can correct and update your name and e-mail address by clicking the ‘Update Profile’ button on one of our E-mail Newsletters and entering the amended data on the database on Mail Chimp’s website.
Transfer of Data Abroad
Both Mail Chimp and PayPal are American companies.
When your name and e-mail address is transmitted to Mail Chimp and added to the E-mail Distribution List they are passed outside the UK.
When your make a ticket payment to us via PayPal your name and e-mail address are also passed outside the UK.
We understand that both Mail Chimp and PayPal only place your personal information on systems complying with measures giving equivalent protection of personal rights either through international agreements or contracts approved by the European Union.
Further processing
If we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose, not covered by this Notice, then we will provide you with a new notice explaining this new use prior to commencing the processing and setting out the relevant purposes and processing conditions.  Where and whenever necessary, we will seek your prior consent to the new processing.
Contact Details
Please contact us if you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or the information we hold about you or to exercise your relevant rights, or make a complaint at:
Email:    admin@sgco.co.uk
Complaints
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office.
You can contact the Information Commissioners Office on 0303 123 1113 or via email https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/ or at the Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe •
House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire SK9 5AF.