http://www.joanofarcadia.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy – Joan of Arcadia
Joan of ArcadiaClassic & Gripping Kid's TV
Message Site
Privacy Policy
Search
Categories
e cigarettes reviews
general
incense
misc
tv shows
Recent Posts
Modding Electronic Cigarettes to Create a Joan of Arcadia Scene
How to Submit New Netflix Requests
Is Netflix a Good Choice?
Netflix Shows Are the Way to Go!
Three Examples of High Quality British TV Shows
Privacy Policy
Joan of Arcadia Online Privacy Policy
This Online Privacy Policy was last changed on July 18, 2008.
Joan of Arcadia (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates http://www.joanofarcadia.com/ (the “Site”). This page notifys you of our policies regarding the gathering, use and disclosure of Personal Info we acquire from consumers that use the Web site.
We make use of your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Web site. By using the Blog, you consent to the gathering and use of details in accordance with this policy.
Information Gathering And Use
While using our Blog, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable details that can be used to contact or identify you. Private details might include, but is not limited to, your name, email address, postal address and phone number (“Personal Information”).
Log Data
Like many web site operators, we collect information that your internet browser sends any time you visit our Site (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include info such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, internet browser type, internet browser version, the pages of our Internet site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which might include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web blog and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Like many sites, we use “cookies” to collect info. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you might not be able to use some portions of our Blog.
Will Not Track
We support the Do Not Track browser setting. Do Not Track (or DNT) is a preference you can set in your web browser to let the websites you visit know that you do not want them collecting certain info about you.
For more information about Do Not Track, including the way to enable or disable this preference, visit this Do Not Track website.
Secureness
The security of your Personal Data is important to us, but remember that no approach to transmission via the internet, or method of electronic storage space, is 100% secure. While we make an effort to use industrial satisfactory way to protect your Personal Data, we simply cannot promise its absolute security.
Links To Other Web sites
Our Website may contain links to other web-sites that are not run by us. If you click on a websites link, you will be directed to that third party’s internet site. We strongly advise you to analyze the Online Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
Joan of Arcadia does not have any treatments for, and assumes no obligation for, the content, privacy procedures, or practices of any outside web pages or services.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
Joan of Arcadia may revise this Privacy Policy every so often. We are going to notify you of the modifications by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Blog. You are encouraged to review this Online Privacy Policy periodically for the changes.
Contact Us
For those who have any questions about this Online Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Leave a Reply Cancel reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name *
Email *
Website
Proudly powered by WordPress.
Theme: Flat
by Themeisle.