https://www.rexfoundation.org/privacy-policy/
Rex Foundation
Search for:
Facebook
twitter
YouTube
Instagram
Rex Radio
Home
News
Music & Events
Grantees
About
Support Rex
Donate Now
Privacy Policy
Rex Foundation respects the privacy concerns of users of this website. As a general rule, no personal information is automatically collected from users of the Rex Foundation website. Personally identifiable data about users of the Rex Foundation website are known to Rex Foundation only when voluntarily submitted by users of the site. However, certain non-personal information of users (for example, the type of browser being used, the operating system used by the user and the domain name of the user’s Internet service provider) may be collected. This information is primarily used for internal purposes, but only in an aggregate form (individual users cannot be identified). Personally identifiable information may be collected from users of the Rex Foundation website when users voluntarily provide this information. All such personal information is retained by Rex Foundation and is not sold or otherwise transferred by Rex Foundation unless the express consent to do so has been obtained or if Rex Foundation is required by law or by a court or governmental order to disclose such information in a particular circumstance. This information is used by Rex Foundation to better understand usage patterns and to enhance user enjoyment of the Rex Foundation website. Aggregate information may be shared with advertisers; however, as is set forth more fully below, no data concerning users under the age of 13 is ever used. Rex Foundation sometimes uses e-mail addresses and other personally identifiable information to contact users who provide their e-mail addresses for specific purposes. Each communication will contain instructions on how to discontinue receipt of such communications.
Children under the age of thirteen (13) should not provide any personally identifiable information on this site without the knowledge and permission of his or her parent or guardian. In the event that Rex Foundation determines that a user of this site is under the age of 13, Rex Foundation will not maintain or use any personally identifiable information about such user without the consent of his or her parent or guardian, except as allowed by law. The result of the foregoing is that children under the age of 13 will be unable to participate in some activities on the site without parental consent. Rex Foundation may collect personally identifiable information directly from visitors on this site who may be under the age of 13. However, Rex Foundation does not collect this information without the knowledge of the visitor.
All activities on this site are carried out in compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act. Pursuant to the foregoing Act, Rex Foundation does not ask a child web site visitor to provide more personal information than is reasonably necessary to allow the child visitor to participate in an activity on this site. To further comply with the Act, any personally identifiable information collected from such a visitor is used only for the purpose of enabling the visitor’s participation in activities on this site. If, for example, Rex Foundation offers certain promotional items to users of the website, such as a promotional compact disc or t-shirt, Rex Foundation requests that such interested party provide his or her name and mailing address in order to send the web site visitor the promotional item. The visitor’s email address is used only if we need to contact the visitor to verify name and mailing address. This information is not retained after the item has been delivered, and Rex Foundation does not use it for any other purpose. In the event that Rex Foundation conducts an Internet contest on this site, Rex Foundation asks each contestant to provide date of birth, as well as his or her name, address, and e-mail address. Information submitted in order to participate in a contest is not used for any other purpose. In some circumstances, Rex Foundation also asks child visitors to this site to provide Rex Foundation with his or her parent’s or guardian’s contact information so that Rex Foundation may contact the child visitor’s parent or guardian to notify them of Rex Foundation information practices with respect to children, to notify that person of a child’s participation on this site, and/or to seek the consent of the parent or guardian to such participation. The parent or guardian of any person under the age of 13 whose personal information has been collected on this site may ask to review that personal information and may, if they so choose, request that such information be deleted, and that no additional information be gathered by Rex Foundation. For more information on how to request review of personal information and/or to request that Rex Foundation cease gathering such information, please contact the contact person listed below. Please note that no personal information collected on this site is shared with third parties other than a parent or guardian of a site visitor, except that information may be shared with those with whom Rex Foundation contracts in order to carry out the internal operations of the site (for example, to send a visitor a promotional item that he or she may have requested on the site). In particular, Rex Foundation does not rent or sell mailing lists of site visitors to any third party.
The method by which the foregoing information is gathered is known as “cookies.” Rex Foundation uses “cookies,” which are pieces of information that are transferred to an individual user’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies do not contain any personally identifying information. Cookies function by saving your passwords and site preferences. As a result, it is possible to speed up a visitor’s future activities on the website and allow Rex Foundation to provide such visitor information specifically tailored to his or her interests. Such visitor may be able to set his or her browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. The Rex Foundation website may contain links to websites other than the Rex Foundation site. Rex Foundation is only responsible for its own privacy practices and the content of its site. Rex Foundation is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any other websites.
By using the Rex Foundation website, you signify your consent to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this policy, please do not use the Rex Foundation website. Rex Foundation reserves the right, at their sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Rex Foundation website following the posting of changes to these terms will mean that you accept those changes.
Please note:
The use of any of the information, artwork, photographs or music contained herein is solely and entirely for home entertainment and educational purposes. Any and all other uses are strictly prohibited without the express written consent of Rex Foundation, Inc..
Rex Foundation does not assume any responsibility or liability for any communications or materials sent to the above address, emailed or posted to this site. In addition, Rex Foundation, Inc. does not assume any liability for any claims, damages or losses resulting from any usage of this service or materials or other information that you have transmitted and you authorize Rex Foundation, Inc. to use any and all materials and/or communications in any manner Rex Foundation, Inc. would like and in any medium.
Rex Foundation, Inc. makes no warranties or representations with respect to the web sites for which hyperlinks are provided in the Rex Foundation website. Rex Foundation is not responsible for the content contained in any such site. The hyperlinks provided in the Rex Foundation website are in no way an endorsement of any linked web sites or the contents contained therein.
The Contribution Supports Rex
Mailing List
JOIN the Rex email list below for regular event updates, news, and
more or click here to provide your mailing
address for occasional
postal updates.
Rex Foundation
Rex Foundation - (415) 256-2404
P.O. Box 219, San Anselmo, CA 94979
Facebook
twitter
YouTube
Instagram
Rex Radio
Contact
Privacy Policy
Donate Now
The Rex Foundation's work is only possible because of the kind
people who support us–and often are quite creative in figuring out
new ways to help out. We welcome your contributions!
If you would like to make a contribution in honor or memory of
someone and provide us with a name to send an acknowledgement letter
to, please click the "Add special instruction to the seller" link
that will appear on the PayPal page that appears when you click
one of the following buttons.