http://www.damesoftheneedle.com/policies.htm
Charts
Newest
Fingerworks
Dames of the Needle
Alphabetical
Projects
Dames of the Needle
Trims
Newest
Chenille
Velvet Ribbon
Silk
Lace
Pom Pom
Rick Rack
Twill
Material
Velvet
Linen
Other
Hand Painted Needlepoint Canvas
Sale Items
Sale Items
Help
Where is our catalog?
What is a ...?
Special Orders
Non-USA Customers
Contact Info
Policies and Information
This page details the policies, privacy information, and
other "stuff" you might need to know about Dames of the Needle web pages.
Copying of Dames of the Needle/Fingerworks patterns or pictures, on the Web
or on paper
Scanning or copying of any part of our charts is strictly
prohibited without explicit approval in writing by Dames of the Needle. This is true for any kind
of copies, including electronic and paper copies.
Images provided on the Dames of the Needle web site, of cover models of Dames of the Needle patterns, may be copied
only for use as an aid in retail or wholesale marketing of Dames of the Needle charts, and may only
be copied if any embedded copyright information remains legible in the copies (except for thumbnails).
Linking to the pictures on our web site is also allowed.
Privacy information
We do not currently use cookies on this site, except for PayPal-generated cookies associated with our
online store payment processing, and except for session-cookies for wholesale orders.
If you email us, or if you subscribe
to our newsletter, we may retain that electronic information in order
to facilitate communications and to legally be able to prove that a subscription request was received.
We do not send out unsolicited advertising email, and we do not share our email subscriptions
with anyone else, under any circumstances.
We do honor all requests to be removed from the
newsletter and informational subscription mailings that we send out.
If you believe that you
have been inadvertently added to our mailing list, please let us know promptly so that we can
remove you and so that we can investigate whether someone else signed you up without your permission.
Our site contains links to other sites.
Dames of the Needle is not responsible for the privacy practices or the
content of those Web sites.
You should NEVER send credit card information to Dames of the Needle through email.
Our web site is NOT
a secure server.
Please call us if you need to provide us with that
information.
We reserve the right to use or disclose any information as needed to satisfy any law, regulation, or
legal request; to conduct investigations of consumer complaints or possible breaches of law;
to protect the integrity of our site and our property; to protect the safety of our visitors or others;
to fulfull your requests; or to cooperate in any legal investigation.
Spam and Viruses
In this day and age of spam, some unscrupulous spammers illegally use email addresses other than their own when sending out
their spam, making it look like some else sent the spam.
Dames of the Needle has no control over such illegal practices, and is
as unhappy as you are about any such instances.
By examining the headers of such email ("show all headers"),
you can usually detect such forged headers.
For further information about what you can do to detect and fight spam, the following web
pages are a good place to start:
http://spam.abuse.net/userhelp/
Computer viruses are also becoming more and more devious, and may appear to have been sent from a different email address
than the actual sender.
Our Dames of the Needle computers all have virus software on them which we keep updated.
Because of this,
it is unlikely (but not impossible in today's virus environment) that an email originating from Dames of the Needle will contain a virus.
One obvious way to begin to protect yourself against computer viruses is to NEVER "double-click" on an attachment
to an email.
You can learn more about viruses and how to protect against them from:
http://www.symantec.com/
Shipping Information
We charge a minimum shipping charge for wholesale shipments.
We ship USPS Priority Mail in general.
For heavier shipments, we charge actual
shipping costs.
We typically mail things out on Tuesday-Friday.
That may be subject to change, but
our general policy is that it may take 2-3 days to get things that we have in stock into the mail.
Ordering Info
Dames of the Needle sells its patterns and products wholesale to shops and distributors.
Our
policy is that the first order must be paid in advance, and further orders are net 30.
If you fail
to pay net 30, we will ask that any new orders for the next year be prepaid.
To order, either
email or call us.
We can help you with threads and material associated with designs created or published by Dames of the Needle.
Please note, we are able to respond better to requests for information
if you give us your name (even in an email) and at least the city that you are in.
What's New
Our Partners
On The Road
Contact us
Policies
Oops