https://www.bogner.com/en-us/privacy
AT
BE
CH
DE
FR
GB
IT
LU
NL
US
INT
Shop Online
Germany
Austria
Switzerland
Belgium
France
Italy
Luxembourg
Netherlands
United Kingdom
United States
Explore the brand
Enter
Shop Online
Germany
Austria
Switzerland
Belgium
France
Italy
Luxembourg
Netherlands
United Kingdom
United States
Explore the brand
Enter
FREE STANDARD SHIPPING UNTIL DECEMBER 27
Important note:
It appears that your internet browser is out of date. For a better shopping experience,we recommend an update to the latest version.You can download browser updates from the official provider page free of charge.Please select:
Chrome
Firefox
InternetExplorer
Safari
PRIVACY POLICY
The website www.bogner.com and the online shop integrated in the website (collectively the “website”) are operated by Bogner Direct LLC, United States (hereinafter “Bogner” or “we”). Bogner attaches great importance to the protection of your personal data and collects, processes and uses your personal data exclusively in accordance with the principles described below and in compliance with applicable data privacy laws.
Collection, processing and use of personal data
To help Bogner achieve the goal of providing the highest quality products and services, we use information from our interactions with you and other customers, as well as from other parties. Except as stated below, none of this information is shared with outside parties other than companies we employ to perform functions on our behalf, to which limited data is given as is necessary in order to complete a shopping transaction or to maintain our relationship with you. Because we respect your privacy, we have implemented procedures to ensure that your personal information is handled in a safe, secure, and responsible manner. We have posted this Privacy Policy in order to explain our information collection practices and the choices you have about the way information is collected and used.
Cookies and how we use them
Bogner reserves the right to store information on your computer in the form of a cookie or similar file for purposes of modifying this website to reflect your preferences. Cookies are small packets of information sent by our website through your browser to your computer. Cookies allow us to respond to you as an individual, thus allowing us to personalize, customize and quickly process and complete your shopping experience without having to continually request the same basic information from you. Cookies do not give us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data which you choose to share with us, and are not used to store any personal information such as name, address or payment information. Cookies can be deleted or modified through your internet settings. If you do not want your browser to accept cookies, you can turn off the cookie acceptance option in your browser's setting. You have a choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set or to reject all cookies. If you choose to reject cookies you may be unable to fully utilize all of the Web site's features and information.
Children's Privacy
Bogner strictly enforces its Children's Policy. We do not knowingly solicit or collect any information from children under the age of thirteen (13). Should it come to our attention that a child under the age of thirteen (13) has submitted any personally identifiable information we will automatically delete it.
Electronic Communication
When you visit this website or send e-mails to us, you are submitting information to us electronically and communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive electronic communications from us and from other businesses that we work with or partner with. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing pursuant to the Privacy Policy or our Terms and Conditions. Should you elect not to receive any e-mail communication please contact service.us@bogner.com
Online account registration
To make online shopping faster and easier, you may register through our website. As a registered customer, you only have to enter your shipping addresses and billing information once; they can be securely stored with us for your future use. Using your e-mail and a password of your choice, you may access your account online at any time to add, delete or change information and to view your order history.
Security Information
Personal information provided on the Web site and online credit card transactions are transmitted through a secure server using Secure Socket Layering (SSL), encryption technology. When the letters "http" in the URL change to "https," the "s" indicates you are in a secure area employing SSL; also, your browser may give you a pop-up message that you're about to enter a secure area.
You may purchase online merchandise by calling toll-free 800-801-0372 during our call center hours. One of our customer service associates will gladly take your order. Our customer service center and stores also operate over a private, secure network. We are committed to handling your personally identifiable information with high standards of information security. We take appropriate physical, electronic and administrative steps to maintain the security and accuracy of personally identifiable information we collect, including limiting the number of people who have physical access to our database servers, as well as employing electronic security systems and password protections that guard against unauthorized access.
Browsing the website
As you browse the website the Internet Protocol (IP) address of your computer, “cookies” (described above) and other standard tracking data we use to evaluate website traffic and usage patterns are collected. Such information is aggregated with tracking data from all website visitors. If you only browse this website, you are not required to provide any personally identifiable information. Google Analytics and econda are implemented on the website, including features based on Display Advertising (e.g. Remarketing, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager Integration or Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting).
Google Analytics
This Website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc., USA (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies allowing an analysis of your use of the Website. The information generated by the cookie concerning your use of this Website is transferred to and saved on a server of Google. IP anonymization has been activated on the Website, which means that Google shortens the user IP address in the Member States of the European Union or other Contracting States to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA and be shortened there. On behalf of the operator of this Website, Google will use such information in order to analyse the use of the Website by its users, put together reports on Website activities and provide further services to the Website operator pertaining to the use of the Website and the internet. The IP address provided by your browser through Google Analytics will not be merged with other data of Google. You may prevent storage of the cookies by setting your browser software accordingly; please note, however, that in such case you might not be able to fully use all functions of this Website. In addition, users may prevent collection of the data generated by the cookie and pertaining to their use of the Website (including your IP address) by Google as well as processing of such data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the current link (as of: October 2015) as follows:
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
You may also prevent collection of the data by Google Analytics by clicking on the link below. In that case, an opt-out cookie is set in your browser which prevents future collection of your data when visiting this Website as long as you do not delete this cookie from your browser. You can stop tracking by Google Analytics by clicking the following link. You must install the add-on to your browser in order to stop tracking: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
Econda
For the purpose of customised design and optimisation of the Website, solutions and technologies of econda GmbH (www.econda.de) are used to collect and save anonymised data and to prepare from such data usage profiles using pseudonyms. To this effect, cookies are used which facilitate recognition of your internet browser. The usage profiles will not be merged with data pertaining to the bearer of the pseudonym. Above all, IP addresses will be made unidentifiable immediately upon receipt, so that user profiles cannot be allocated to IP addresses. You may object here at any time for the future to the collection and storage of your data by Econda.
Google remarketing
On our Website we also use the targeting technology Google Remarketing of Google Inc., USA. This technology allows us to address internet users who have visited our Website with targeted product recommendations in the form of advertising banners on the websites of the Google partner network. Such advertising banners are displayed on our partners’ sites with the help of cookies and an analysis of your use of the sites in the past. This analysis is conducted under a pseudonym; no usage profiles are merged with your real name. You may object to the collection of the data by Google Inc. at any time under the link: https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated?hl=com
Pinterest
Our website uses the conversion tracking technology of the social network Pinterest (Pinterest Inc., 808 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103-490, USA), which enables us to show our website visitors who have already taken an interest in our website and our content/offerings and are Pinterest members, Pinterest relevant advertisements and offers on Pinterest.
For this purpose, a so-called conversion tracking pixel from Pinterest is integrated into our pages, which tells Pinterest when you visit our website that you have visited our website and which parts of our offers you are interested in. For example, if you have taken an interest in our products on our website, Pinterest may display an advertisement on our products. This is done by setting a cookie. The Pinterest-Tag also allows us to track the effectiveness of Pinterest ads for statistical purposes and analysis by seeing whether users have been directed to our website after clicking on a Pinterest Ad and, for example, whether the user has made a purchase.
When you enter our website and you agree to Pinterest Conversion Tracking Technology (Pinterest-Tags) in the privacy settings, your browser establishes a direct connection to Pinterest's servers. The conversion tracking pixel transmits protocol data to the Pinterest server in the USA. Data is collected on device information (e.g. type, brand), the operating system used, the IP address of the device used, the date of the call, the location, the type and content of the campaign, the response to the respective campaign (e.g. click path, purchase completion, newsletter registration), as well as device IDs consisting of individual characteristics of the terminal device and the browser. This enables us to recognize your end device on our website.
By using the Pinterest Conversion Tracking technology, a third country transfer takes place, as the data centres of Pinterest Inc. are located outside the EU/EEA. Such a transfer will result in your data being transferred to a country that does not provide the same level of data protection as the EU/EEA.
You can opt out of the collection of data for the display of interest-based advertising on Pinterest at any time in your account settings at Pinterest at https://www.pinterest.com/settings/privacy (where, under "Personalization", you can sign out the "Use sites you visit to improve which recommendations and ads you see.", "Use information from our partners to improve which recommendations and ads you see.", "Use your activity to improve the ads you see about Pinterest on other sites or apps you may visit.", "Share activity for ads performance reporting."). You may also object to the use of cookies for audience measurement and advertising purposes by visiting the opt-out page of the network advertising initiative (optout.aboutads.info). You also have the ability to opt-out of the use of Pinterest conversion tracking technology through the privacy settings on our website. The settings are platform-independent, i.e. they are adopted for all devices, such as desktop computers or mobile devices.
Fit Analytics
When choosing a product you have the option of using our online size advisor. This will help you to find the right garment size for you. The size advisor can be opened by clicking on the “Size Advisor” button. When using the size advisor, you have the option of entering data of your choice, such as height, weight, figure type, wearing preferences or age. After entering this data, the application calculates your likely suitable dress size for the desired article using statistical methods and, if necessary, by including anonymised purchase and return data.The data is processed on the basis of your consent in accordance with Art. 6 (1) a) GDPR.
This usage data is collected by Fit Analytics exclusively in anonymised form and is processed only for the purposes of calculating the appropriate garment size for each individual customer and to continuously optimise the processes underlying the recommendations. A so-called “session cookie” is used for this purpose, which stores the data listed below:
- Recommended dress size
- Session ID (randomised sequence of numbers)
- Time and date stamp
- Browser type
- Anonymised IP address (using IP masking).
The IP address is only stored in a shortened (anonymised) form and is additionally encrypted using a hashing procedure. It is used exclusively for session recognition and to defend against cyber attacks (such as DoS attacks). The session cookie identifies you as a user so that you do not have to re-enter the above data when you use the application again if you want to receive size recommendations for further products after using the online size advisor for the first time.
You can prevent the session cookie from being saved by configuring your web browser accordingly. Providing your IP address for the size advisor is optional. However, without the provision, the size advice tool cannot be used.
Trbo
On our website (http://www.trbo.com/), trbo GmbH, Leopoldstr. 41, 80802 Munich, collects and stores data which is used to create pseudonymous user profiles in order to deliver personalised special offers. Cookies may be used for this purpose in order to allow the internet browser to be recognised. These user profiles are utilised to analyse visitor behaviour for the purpose of improving what we offer and aligning it to your requirements. Without the express consent of the person concerned the pseudonymous user profiles will not be combined with the personal data of the user of the pseudonym. You may object to this at any time by clicking on the following link: deactivate trbo
Your choices regarding the use of your data
You can contact us at any time at 800-801-0372 or e-mail us at service.us@bogner.com to request access to, update, remove your data, or cancel your online customer registration. We will carefully evaluate each request and reply in the appropriate and secure manner. The following information can be accessed, updated and/or removed:
Unique identifier information (customer number or password)
Transaction information (dates on which you made purchases, amounts and types of purchases)
Contact information (name, address, phone number, e-mail address).
How we use the data we collect
The aggregate information collected by and through this website is owned solely by us. We use the information we collect for our internal purposes, in an aggregated form, to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed, and other relevant statistics. We collect this information to measure the use of our site and to improve the content and processes of our site.
We use the information we collect for various purposes, including, but not limited to:
to complete your purchase transactions
to provide the services you request; to send you our catalogs and other offerings by mail
to keep you informed about the status of your orders
to identify your product and service preferences so we can notify you of new or additional products, services, and promotions that might be of interest to you
to notify you of product recalls or provide other information concerning products you have purchased
to improve our merchandise selections, customer service, and overall shopping experience
to contact you about the website e.g. to inform you of changes to this Privacy Policy or the Terms and Conditions of this website
to inform you of a change in ownership or control of the information collected by and through the website
to monitor or improve the use of the website.
Others with whom we share your data
If you purchase merchandise on our website, we may share your personal identifiable information with a third party company for order fulfillment processing. Except for customer e-mail addresses, we will otherwise not sell, rent or transfer the personal information you transfer or submit on the website to third parties. We may share aggregate information, such as general demographics and website usage statistics to third parties. When general demographic information is shared, we do not share the personally identifiable information you provide on the website. We may share your personally identifiable information with employees, agents, parent corporations, subsidiaries, and affiliates of Bogner. The website, Bogner and/or a subsidiary or division of Bogner may be sold along with its assets, or other transactions may occur in which your personally identifiable information is one of the business assets transferred.
Third Party Links, Web Sites and Cookies
Our Web site may contain external links to third party Web sites. We have no control over, and are not responsible for-, the content of-, or information gathered by these other Web sites. Any personally identifiable information collected by such third parties is subject to such third parties’ privacy policy.
Style News
Sign up for the newsletter, get a 10% voucher and become part of the Bogner World!
Register here