https://www.crmsociety.com/privacy-policy/
Welcome to the Charles Rennie Mackintosh Society.
Home
CRM Society
About the CRM Society
Council Members
Society Regional Groups
Mackintosh Queen’s Cross
Members Only Area
Join the Society
Benefits of Membership
Donations
Patron Scheme
Patron Scheme Members
Gift Aid
Furniture Appeal
Bequest
Job Opportunities
Volunteering
Mackintosh
Charles Rennie Mackintosh
The Four
Charles Rennie Mackintosh
James Herbert MacNair
Margaret Macdonald
Frances Macdonald
Mackintosh Architecture
Mackintosh Buildings Survey
FAQs
Mackintosh Timeline
Mackintosh App
Books
Further Reading & Downloads
What’s On
Mackintosh Guided Tours
Events
Mackintosh Mural
Hire & Weddings
Mackintosh Queen’s Cross
Visit Mackintosh
Mackintosh Attractions
Mackintosh Guided Tours
Visit Glasgow
Mackintosh App
Travel Tips
Interactive Map
78 Derngate, Northampton
Port Vendres, France
Learning
The Amazing Mr. Mackintosh
Schools
Education
Tour Leaflets
Glasgow Style and Modernity
Second City Tour
West End Tour
News
Mackintosh News
eNewsletter Subscription
Letters to Mackintosh Competition Winners
Mackintosh Architectural Competition Winners
Fire at the Glasgow School of Art
Glasgow Landmarks Scheme
Mackintosh Symposium
World Heritage Bid
Shop
View Products
Checkout
Members
Member Login
View Basket
Members Only News
Newsletters
Journals
AGM Minutes
Contact
Privacy Policy
Charles Rennie Mackintosh | CRM Society > Privacy Policy
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please either phone or e-mail us at: info@crmsociety.com
CRM SOCIETY WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY.
Your privacy is important to us. To protect your privacy we provide this notice to explain our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way information about you is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
What information do we gather and track, and what do we do with it?
Information gathered from your use of our site
We gather the following anonymous information in aggregate form: browser type (e.g. Internet Explorer, Netscape Navigator), operating system (e.g. Windows, MacOS, Linux), IP address, and Internet domain (e.g. Demon, AOL).
We use “cookies” to store certain types of information each time you interact with us. Cookies enable our system to recognise your computer and allow us to see how you use our site. For example, we may track the areas of our site you visit to see what interests you in particular, and which sites you accessed our site from and leave our site to visit next. Remember that most browsers allow you to stop receiving cookies if you want – you can usually do this from your own computer.
Information gathered on registration
Certain parts of our Site require you to register before you can access them. Our registration forms request that you give us certain information that personally identifies you.
We will use the information that you provide to fulfil your request, order or enquiry. We may contact you in the future about some other aspect of your work, but if it is your wish that we do not, please let us know by ticking the appropriate box, or by contacting us at the address below. If you are a member of the CRM Society we should already be aware of your mailing preferences.
Information gathered on application
Our application forms request that you give us certain information that personally identifies you.
We will use the information that you provide to fulfil your application and process your progression with the society. We may contact you in the future about some other aspect of your work (volunteer or paid), but only with your express permission, given at the time of application.
At the CRM Society we take our responsibilities under the Data Protection Act very seriously. As well as a legal requirement, this is an important customer service issue. If at any time you believe we have contacted you inappropriately, please let us know.
Sharing and international transfer of information
We will not provide any of the personal information you give to us to any third party, except with your prior express consent.
We will retain the personal information you provide within the United Kingdom, and will not transfer it to any other country, except with your prior and express consent.
Security
To prevent unauthorised access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Links to third party sites
Our site contains links to other sites. The CRM Society is not responsible for the privacy practices, or the content, of those web sites. If you have followed a link from the CRM Society website to another website you may then be supplying data directly to a third party yourself.
Share
×
Your ticket for the: Privacy Policy
Title
Privacy Policy
GBP
Close
Print
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy