https://www.pembrokeshirecoast.wales/planning/planning-policy/local-development-plan-2/local-development-plan-replacement-stages/initial-consultation-report/
Jump to Main content
Highlight Links
High contrast Mode
Readable Fonts
Greyscale Mode
Invert Mode
XClose this tab
Search for:
Search
The Deposit Local Development Plan Consultation closed Friday 1 June 2018.
The Authority has prepared an Draft Initial Consultation Report which gives further details of the Preferred Strategy Consultation process, summarises the main issues raised by the consultation, and provides summaries of representations together with the Authority’s response.
The Report summaries comments received on sites on the Candidate Site Register and new or amended sites received. The Authority’s response is also set out.
A detailed schedule of comments received and the Authority’s response can be found below:
Question 1 Preferred Strategy
Question 2 Candidate Site Register
Question 3 Sustainability Appraisal
Question 4 Equality Impact Assessment
Click the link to view an updated full assessment of the Deposit Plan Candidate Site Register
Click the link to view the Authority’s full assessment of New and Amended Sites.
Even though the Authority has recorded its own views on the alternative or amended sites if stakeholders have a view on these sites they must be submitted as part of the Deposit consultation. There is potential for this to change through the Examination and stakeholders need to express their views on the alternative sites now using the Deposit Plan Comments Form provided (Deposit Plan).
If you require these documents in an alternative format, ie easy read, large text, audio please contact info@pembrokeshirecoast.org.uk / 01646 624800.
How can I get involved?
Please submit your comments on the Deposit Plan by the closing date set out at the top of this webpage.
Comments should be sent in writing to the Head of Park Direction, Pembrokeshire Coast National Park Authority, Llanion Park, Pembroke Dock, Pembrokeshire, SA72 6DY or may be emailed to devplans@pembrokeshirecoast.org.uk. The Inspectorate has provided a standard Deposit Plan Comments Form to use.
What happens next?
All submissions will be acknowledged. The Authority may need to contact you to discuss your representation further. Please note that responses received will be considered by the Authority and a view reached by the Authority as to how the representations should be addressed through Examination. Respondents will be advised of the forthcoming examination hearing.
More on Local Development Plan 2
Supplementary Planning Guidance (LDP2)
Read more
Sustainability Appraisal Scoping Report
The Sustainability Appraisal Scoping Report sets out the sustainability appraisal issues and objectives/criteria against which the Replacement Local D...
Read more
Preparation Stages
These are the stages in preparing a replacement Local Development Plan.
Read more
LDP Review Report
The Review Report sets out where changes are required, what needs to change and why, based on evidence.
Read more
Delivery Agreement
The Delivery Agreement is a public statement that contains a Timetable for preparing a Revision of a Local Development Plan setting out how and when s...
Read more
Community Council Workshops
Community and Town Councils can provide a central source of information for their local communities, help to raise awareness of the LDP process and ar...
Read more
Background papers
These Background Papers will be updated and added to throughout the preparation of the Plan.
Read more
Appraisal Processes
Environmental, Social and Economic Appraisals for Local Development Plan 2
Read more
Get In Touch
Contact us and register your details to get the latest updates on what's happening in the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park.
Contact Us
Cookie Policy
To help us make this website better, the cookie settings are set to ‘allow all cookies’. If you continue without changing these settings, you consent to this – for more information and to change this at any time, see our cookie policy and privacy policy.
I understand
View Basket
Checkout
Continue Shopping