http://www.wxel.org/privacy-policy/
Menu
Schedule & Shows
Full Schedule
Find out what's on and get a sneak peek at upcoming episodes. Don't forget to download our monthly program guide!
Go to Schedule
WXEL Productions
Art Loft
Battleground Everglades
Between The Covers
Check Please South Fl.
Film-Maker
Kid Stew
On The Town
Spotlight On Education
Star Gazers
Taste the Florida Keys
Your South Florida
All Shows
PBS Favorites
American Experience
American Masters
Antiques Roadshow
Frontline
Great Performances
Independent Lens
Masterpiece
Nature
NOVA
Newshour
Washington Week
All Shows
Watch
Where to watch
Stream WXEL Live TV
Watch with PBS App
Youtube Channel
Get the PBS iOS App
Get the PBS Android App
Rescan
watch on demand
Watch your favorite episodes right now on our WXEL South Florida PBS video portal. Pick from hundreds of shows from popular national programs to new local shows.
Watch
monthly Program Guide
Download our program guide! Find out what's premiering this month plus station news and events.
Download Guide
Kids & Family
south florida pbs kids
Watch South Florida PBS Kids online and on the go! Play games and get access to parent and teacher resources.
Learn More
Kidvision prek
KidVision Pre-K makes learning Florida's Early Learning and Development Standards for preschoolers lively and fun for teachers, parents and children.
Go to KidVision
Kids and Family Resources
Learn at Home
KidVision iSpy 360 App
News
Local and national news
Get the latest local news and current affairs from Your South Florida. See the headlines from around the nation on PBS Newshour.
Go to News
your south florida
Your South Florida, hosted by Emmy award winning journalist, Pam Giganti, brings together diverse voices offering fresh perspectives on current events & community concerns.
Watch Now
aDDITIONAL NEWS LINKS
Election 2020
Race in America
Coronavirus Live Tracking
PBS Coronavirus Resources
Weather Information
Events
Concerts and Events
Community Calendar
Event Photos
Support
membership
Become A Member
Renew Membership
Thank You Gifts
other ways to give
Corporate Support
Vehicle Donation
Matching Gifts
Volunteering
AmazonSmile
Discover Martin County
WXEL passport
WXEL Passport is a member benefit that provides you with extended access to an on-demand library of quality local and national public television programming.
Learn More
Philanthropy
Friends of South Florida PBS
Join our distinguished annual giving society with your gift of $1,000 or more.
Learn More
Ways to give
Major Gifts
Planned Giving
Program Trust Society
Give a major gift online
Send us your major gift through our online donation form.
Give Now
Donate Now
SearchSearch Major Gifts
WXEL Passport
Sign Up
Live TV
PRIVACY POLICYSouth Florida PBS, Inc. (WPBT2 | WXEL)Nothing is more important to us than protecting the private information of our visitors. South Florida PBS adheres to a strict policy for ensuring the privacy of your – and your children’s – personally identifiable information (full name, address, email address, telephone number and/or other identifiable information) and preserving the integrity of this online medium.Gathering and Use of Information1. We collect information from you that you supply to us on a voluntary basis. We also collect an IP address from each visitor to our site. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our website, analyze trends, track users’ movement, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order for us to improve the website, and deliver customized, personalized content. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.2. In order to participate in some activities, you may be asked to provide some personally identifiable information. This could be in connection with the following:• contest or sweepstakes registration• subscription registration for South Florida PBS websites or services which require subscription (such as email newsletters)• member contributions• requests for membership information• online transactions with the South Florida PBS Mall• content submissions, community postings (i.e., forums, bulletin boards, chat rooms), comments and suggestions, or voting3. South Florida PBS may use your personally identifiable information of activities explained above for external and internal marketing promotional purposes.4.Tell-A-Friend: If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our website, we ask them for the friend’s name and email address. South Florida PBS will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the website. South Florida stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email.5. Security: All information provided to South Florida PBS is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a industry-standard, proven encoding system that enables your browser to automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. We also protect account information by placing it on a secure portion of our website that is only accessible by certain qualified employees of WPBT2. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information.6. It is South Florida PBS's policy to occasionally exchange mailing lists containing your information with other non-profit, non-political organizations. If you wish your name NOT to be exchanged, please call 1-800-222-9728 and advise us accordingly.Tracking and Use of CookiesCookies are small information files that your web browser places on your computer when you visit a website. In general, South Florida PBS uses cookies to track user activity on our sites. Cookies enable many of the services and features of South Florida PBS websites in order for it to operate properly. These features include, but are not limited to, subscription and registration services, transactions in the South Florida PBS Mall, submissions, community postings, comments and suggestions, voting and localization features. You can set your browser software to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent; however, this may cause certain services and features to become unavailable or not function properly.Third Party WebsitesOur website contains links to third party websites. Please note that when you click on one of these outgoing links, you are entering another website for which South Florida PBS has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may be different than ours.Acceptance of WPBT2 Privacy Policy Terms and ConditionsBy using this website, you signify your agreement to the Terms and Conditions of this South Florida PBS Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use the website. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for any changes. Your continued use of South Florida PBS websites following the posting of any changes to these terms shall mean that you have accepted those changes. If you have any questions or concerns, please e-mail us at feedback@southfloridapbs.org.Terms and ConditionsPlease also make sure to read South Florida PBS’s Terms and Conditions to understand the additional terms and conditions which apply to your use of our sites.