https://www.raboo.info/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Who we are
The website address is: https://www.raboo.info.
This site is owned by Rudolf Boogerman
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Contact form
When you use the contact form, the encrypted message is sent to the artist’s e-mail client. We don’t store messages in the database on the server. We don’t keep messages longer than needed to process your request or remark.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
You can set your device’s preferences to accept all cookies, notify you when a cookie is issued, or not receive cookies at all. Each browser is different, so please check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences if a browser is not listed here:
Firefox – Chrome – Internet explorer
Alternatively, you may wish to visit www.aboutcookies.org which contains comprehensive information on how to do this for a wide variety of browsers.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Matomo Analytics – we use cookies to compile visitor statistics such as how many people have visited our website, what type of technology they are using (e.g. Mac or Windows which helps to identify when our site isn’t working as it should for particular technologies), how long they spend on the site, what page they look at etc. Comparable with Google Analytics but only saved on our server and we don’t share collective information with any third parties.
Recorded IP addresses are anonymized like this: 168.14.xx.xx which means that you are in no way identifiable via these traffic logs. Traffic logs are deleted each 180 days automatically.
Who we share your data with
We don’t share your data with third parties unless there is a legal obligation to do so.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
What rights you have over your data
If you left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
How we protect your data
Our hosting provider is chosen for its high level of security measures and its insistence on safe practices on their servers, like using private keyfiles for SSH access and IP address restriction.
Apart from the server firewalls, we diligently update software whenever there is a security patch available. We also have a system in place that blocks illegal intrusions. However, nothing is 100% secure on the Internet, therefore we cannot guarantee total safety at all times.
What data breach procedures we have in place
Since we do not gather sensible personal data, it makes no sense to bother you when a breach takes place. We remedy a problem as soon as it is detected, though.
What if I don’t agree with this privacy policy?
In that case, please leave this site immediately.
Comments are closed.
Français
English
Most popular (since 16 April)
Contagious
456 views | 2 comments
Radiantly confined
398 views | 0 comments
Under the bridge – no man’s land
285 views | 0 comments
Boxed in
285 views | 2 comments
Cardboard artwork
272 views | 0 comments
Video art
235 views | 0 comments
El Toro
163 views | 0 comments
Lost Corners project
159 views | 0 comments
Wooden Dimensions project
150 views | 0 comments
London Underground
146 views | 3 comments
Recently added/changed
Video art
Wooden Dimensions project
Cardboard artwork
Lost Corners project
Leftovers on Stage
Boxed in
Radiantly confined
El Toro
Contagious
Zwirl
Humanity everywhere
Vortex
Crowdy day
Watery island
Cryptoart galleries
Ephimera.com
Rarible
Cryptoart directories
CryptoArtNet
Art projects
Copyright Rudolf Boogerman © 1997All rights reserved.
Terms of use - Conditions d'utilisationPrivacy policy
By printing this page, you agree to the terms of use: https://www.raboo.info/terms-of-use/
Par imprimer cet page vous acceptez les Conditions d'utilisation: https://www.raboo.info/fr/conditions-dutilisation/
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkNoPrivacy policy