http://www.webbsfineartgallery.co.uk/privacy-policy#cookies
020 7223 1733
gallery@thewebbsgallery.co.uk
Facebook
Twitter
Facebook
Twitter
About
Services
On Loan Service
Wedding Service
Gift Vouchers
Consultation
News
Contact
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Client records are regarded as confidential and therefore will not be divulged to any third party. We will not sell, share, or rent any personal information which you provide us with to any third party or use your e-mail address for unsolicited mail.
Any emails sent by the Webbs Gallery will only be in connection with the provision of agreed services and products and will always be sent with an option to immediately cancel any further communications.
Cookie Policy
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
CONTACT DETAILS
Webbs Fine Art Gallery
1, Burland Road
London SW11 6SA
United Kingdom
Tel: 020 7223 1733
Email: gallery@thewebbsgallery.co.uk
LOCATION MAP
OPENING HOURS
Monday
Closed
Tuesday
Closed
Wednesday
11:00am - 5:00pm
Thursday
11:00am - 5:00pm
Friday
11:00am - 6:30pm
Saturday
11:00am - 5:00pm
Sunday:
12:00 - 4:00pm
*Please enquire about art or framing consultations at your home.
Site by Thames Web Design