http://www.kotaradio.com/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
Navigation Menu
HOME
News
KOTA Local News
National News
Sports News
WEATHER
Rapid City Weather
Road Conditions
Fire Danger
Drought
CONTACT
Advertise With KOTA
Contact KOTA
TEXT
PROGRAMS
MORE
KOTA APP
EEO REPORT
PUBLIC FILE
KOTA Contest Rules
KOTA Privacy Policy
CAREERS
Bill Pay
KOTA Radio On-Line Web Site Privacy Statement
The privacy, confidence, and trust of individuals who visit KOTA Radio On-Line are important to us. No personal information is collected at this site unless provided voluntarily by an individual while participating in an activity that asks for the information.
Collection of Information
We only collect the personal information that is necessary to provide the information or services requested by an individual. “Personal information” refers to any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual who is the subject of the information. While not all inclusive, requested information will most likely consist of: an individual’s name, address, phone number and age.
We also collect statistical information that helps us understand how people are using the web site so we can continually improve our services. The information collected is not associated with any specific individual and no attempt is made to profile individuals who browse the web site. Our web servers may automatically collect limited information about your computer’s connection to the Internet, including your IP address (but not the e-mail address). Your IP address does not contain personally identifiable information, nor does it identify you personally. You may be asked to participate in surveys at this site. Participation is optional, and the choice to participate or not to participate will have no effect on your ability to use other features of the site.
Use of Information
We use the collected information to respond appropriately to requests or enter you in station contests and promotions. This may also be to respond directly to you or to improve the web site. Survey information is used for the purpose designated in the survey.
Retention of Information
Information transmitted to this site will be identified, managed, protected, and retained as long as it is needed to meet historical, administrative, fiscal, or legal requirements.
Cookies
Any web page or application at this site may use cookies. Cookies are short and simple text files that are stored on a user’s computer hard drive by web sites. They are used to keep track of and store information so the user does not have to supply the information multiple times. The information that is collected through cookies at this site is handled in the same manner as other information collected here. You can configure your web browser to refuse cookies or to notify you when a web site attempts to send you a cookie. You can also check your hard drive for cookie files and delete them from your computer.
Web Site Security
KOTA Radio On-Line is committed to the security of the information that is either available from or collected by this web site. Where necessary, we take multiple steps to safeguard the integrity of our telecommunications and computing infrastructure, including but not limited to, authentication, monitoring, auditing, and encryption.
Links to Other Sites
This web site has links to many other web sites. These include links to web sites operated by government agencies, nonprofit organizations and private businesses. KOTA Radio On-Line is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of these sites and suggests you review their privacy statements.
Contact Information
KOTA Radio On-Line welcomes your comments regarding this privacy statement. Please convey any questions or concerns to:
KOTA Radio – (605)342-2000.
Privacy Policy        Terms Of Use       General Contest Rules
Search:
OnLine Terms Of Use
KOTA Privacy Policy
PUBLIC FILE
FCC Applications
Bill Pay
©
2020 1380 KOTA AM
Powered by OneCMS™ |
Served by InterTech Media LLC
1219889894
Python-urllib/3.8
808278c52c6e25e1914cf2c4fcd57a3068ec844f
1