http://www.kheigl.com/terms
Home
Biography
Career
Gallery
Press
Community
Production
Philanthropy
Pinterest
Facebook
Twitter
Current Projects
Search
Terms Of Use
Introduction
Katherine Heigl Online ("website", "website owner", "we", "us" or "our") provides
the information contained on this website or any of the pages comprising the website to visitors (cumulatively referred to as
"you" or "your" hereinafter) subject to the terms and conditions set out in these website terms of use, the
privacy policy and any other relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices which may be applicable to
a specific section or module of this website.
Information on the Website
Whilst every effort is made to update the information contained on this website, neither the website owner nor any third party or
data or content provider make any representations or warranties, whether express, implied in law or residual, as to the sequence,
accuracy, completeness or reliability of information, opinions, research information, data and/or content contained on the website
(including but not limited to any information which may be provided by any third party or data or content providers)
("information") and shall not be bound in any manner by any information contained on the website. The website owner reserves
the right at any time to change or discontinue without notice, any aspect or feature of this website. No information shall be construed
as advice and information is offered for information purposes only and is not intended for business purposes. You rely on the information
contained on this website at your own risk.
The website contains video content, including movie trailers, telefilms and clips that may contain adult language and themes. Before
viewing any video content on the website please ensure that you are at ease viewing this material by checking the Motion Picture Association
of America (MPAA) rating for the film, or with the appropriate classification authority for the telefilm, program or video from which the
content is taken.
Copyright, Proprietary Rights and Trademarks
The trade marks, names, logos and service marks (collectively "trade marks") displayed on this website are registered and unregistered
trade marks of the website owner and third party content providers. Nothing contained on this website should be construed as granting any
licence or right to use any trade mark without the prior written permission of the website owner.
All materials published on the website (including, but not limited to articles, photographs, images, graphics, illustrations, video clips
and audio clips (collectively, the "content")) are protected by copyright, trademark and all other applicable intellectual property laws,
and are owned or controlled by the website owner or the party credited as the provider of such content. The website and content is protected
by copyright pursuant to U.S. copyright laws, international conventions and treaties. You may not reproduce or distribute in any way content
protected by copyright, or other proprietary right, without obtaining permission from the owner of the copyright or other propriety right.
External Links
External links may be provided for your convenience, but they are beyond the control of the website owner and no representation is made as
to their content. Use or reliance on any external links and the content thereon provided is at your own risk. When visiting external links
you must refer to that external websites terms and conditions of use.
Public Forums and User Submissions
The website owner is not responsible for any material submitted to the public areas by you (which include bulletin boards, hosted pages,
chat rooms, or any other public area found on the website. Any material (whether submitted by you or any other user) is not endorsed,
reviewed or approved by the website owner. The website owner reserves the right to remove any material submitted or posted by you in the
public areas, without notice to you, if it becomes aware and determines, in its sole and absolute discretion that you are or there is the
likelihood that you may, including but not limited to:
defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the rights of other users or any third parties;
publish, post, distribute or disseminate any defamatory, obscene, indecent or unlawful material or information;
post or upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files or any other similar software or programmes that may damage the operation of the
website owner's and/or a third party's computer system and/or network;
violate any copyright, trade mark, other applicable United States or international laws or intellectual property rights of the website owner
or any other third party;
submit contents containing marketing or promotional material which is intended to solicit business.
Specific Use
You further agree not to use the website to send or post any message or material that is unlawful, harassing, defamatory, abusive, indecent,
threatening, harmful, vulgar, obscene, sexually orientated, racially offensive, profane, pornographic or violates any applicable law and you
hereby indemnify the website owner against any loss, liability, damage or expense of whatever nature which the website owner or any third party
may suffer which is caused by or attributable to, whether directly or indirectly, your use of the website to send or post any such message or
material.
Warranties
The website owner makes no warranties, representations, statements or guarantees (whether express, implied in law or residual) regarding the
website, the information contained on the website, or your personal information or material and information transmitted over our system.
Disclaimer of Liability
The website owner shall not be responsible for and disclaims all liability for any loss, liability, damage (whether direct, indirect or
consequential), personal injury or expense of any nature whatsoever which may be suffered by you or any third party (including your company),
as a result of or which may be attributable, directly or indirectly, to your access and use of the website, any information contained on the
website, your or your company's personal information or material and information transmitted over our system. In particular, neither the
website owner nor any third party or data or content provider shall be liable in any way to you or to any other person, firm or corporation
whatsoever for any loss, liability, damage (whether direct or consequential), personal injury or expense of any nature whatsoever arising from
any delays, inaccuracies, errors in, or omission of any information or the transmission thereof, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon
or occasioned thereby or by reason of non-performance or interruption, or termination thereof.
Use Of The Website
The website owner does not make any warranty or representation that information on the website is appropriate for use in any jurisdiction
(other than the United States ). By accessing the website, you warrant and represent to the website owner that you are legally entitled to do
so and to make use of information made available via the website.
We do not intend the website to be used by minors under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, you may use the website only with
the express consent of a parent or guardian.
Entire Agreement
These website terms of use constitute the sole record of the agreement between you and the website owner in relation to your use of the website.
Neither you nor the website owner shall be bound by any express tacit or implied representation, warranty, promise or the like not recorded herein.
Unless otherwise specifically stated these website terms and conditions supersede and replace all prior commitments, undertakings or representations,
whether written or oral, between you and the website owner in respect of your use of the website.
Alteration
The website owner may at any time modify any relevant terms and conditions, policies or notices. You acknowledge that by visiting the website from
time to time, you shall become bound to the current version of the relevant terms and conditions (the "current version") and, unless stated
in the current version, all previous versions shall be superseded by the current version. You shall be responsible for reviewing the then current
version each time you visit the website.
Conflict
Where any conflict or contradiction appears between the provisions of these website terms and conditions and any other relevant terms and conditions,
policies or notices, the other relevant terms and conditions, policies or notices which relate specifically to a particular section or module of the
website shall prevail in respect of your use of the relevant section or module of the website.
Waiver
No indulgence or extension of time which either you or the website owner may grant to the other will constitute a waiver of or, whether by estoppel
or otherwise, limit any of the existing or future rights of the grantor in terms hereof, save in the event or to the extent that the grantor has signed
a written document expressly waiving or limiting such rights.
Cession
The website owner shall be entitled to cede, assign and delegate all or any of its rights and obligations in terms of any relevant terms and conditions,
policies and notices to any third party.
Severability
All provisions of any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices are, notwithstanding the manner in which they have been grouped together or
linked grammatically, severable from each other. Any provision of any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices, which is or becomes unenforceable
in any jurisdiction, whether due to voidness, invalidity, illegality, unlawfulness or for any reason whatever, shall, in such jurisdiction only and only to
the extent that it is so unenforceable, be treated as pro non scripto and the remaining provisions of any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices
shall remain in full force and effect.
Applicable Laws
Any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States without giving
effect to any principles of conflict of law. You hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States in respect of any disputes arising in
connection with the website, or any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices or any matter related to or in connection therewith.
Comments or Questions
If you have any questions, comments or concerns arising from the website, the privacy policy or any other relevant terms and conditions,
policies and notices or the way in which we are handling your personal information please contact us via
email or by using the
contact form on the About page of this web site.
Back | Refresh
SuitsS9 DVD December 10, 2019
Firefly LaneFilming
Fear Of RainPost Production
Katherine On Twitter
Latest Tweets
Tweets by @KatieHeigl
Follow @KatieHeigl
Katherine's Facebook
Katherine Heigl
Katherine On Pinterest
Blank
Follow me on Pinterest
Links
Heavenly Days
The Jason Debus Heigl Foundation
Suits
Unforgettable
The Nut Job 2
State Of Affairs
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Pinterest
News Archive
December 2019
November 2019
August 2019
July 2019
May 2019
April 2019
March 2019
February 2019
January 2019
September 2018
July 2018
June 2018
View Full Archive
Top
Contact
|
FAQ
|
Site Map
|
Privacy Policy
|
Terms Of Use
|
RSS
|
About
© Katherine Heigl Online
1999-2020. Designed By Keith Follett.