http://www.guidetofilmphotography.com/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy (“policy”) will help you understand how Guide to Film Photography (“us”, “we”, “our”) uses and protects the data you provide to us when you visit and use guidetofilmphotography.com (“website”, “service”).
We reserve the right to change this policy at any given time. If you want to make sure that you are up to date with the latest changes, we advise you to frequently visit this page.
What User Data We Collect
When you visit the website, we may collect the following data:
Your IP address.
Other information such as interests and preferences.
Data profile regarding your online behavior on our website.
Why We Collect Your Data
We are collecting your data for several reasons:
To better understand your needs.
To improve our information and services.
To customize our website according to your online behavior and personal preferences.
Our Advertising Partners
Google
Amazon
Guide to Film Photography is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enable the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
Keep track of advertisements.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings.
Third-party links
Occasionally we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
Third-party cookies
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads and other content based on a user’s prior visits to this website.
Google’s use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads based on their visit to this sits and/or other sites on the Internet.
You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting Ads Settings.
We use cookies from the following third parties:
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to collect statistical information regarding how the website is used. This information is not personally identifiable.
Google AdSense
We use Google AdSense to display ads on some of our pages. Google AdSense may use user data. You can review Google’s privacy policy regarding advertising here. That page also provides information on how to manage what information is collected and how to opt out of collection.
The DoubleClick Cookie
The DoubleClick cookie is used by Google in the ads served on the websites of its partners, such as websites displaying AdSense ads or participating in Google certified ad networks. When users visit a partner’s website and either view or click on an ad, a cookie may be dropped on that end user’s browser.
Categories
Black and White Photography
Camera Accessories
Darkroom Printing
Film Cameras
Film Exposure
Film Processing
Film Scanning and Digital Editing
Film Types
Film vs Digital
Tips and Techniques
Using the Camera
Large Format Film Camera Controls
How to Videos
How To Load 35mm Film
Film ISO Was Not Set Correctly in the Camera
Loading and Properly Setting 35mm Film
Tips for Street Film Photography
Landscape Photography Tips and Techniques
Guide to Wildlife Photography Tips and Techniques
7 Tips for Stunning Landscape Photographs
Self Portrait Photography Tips
Film Exposure How to Solve Common Exposure Problems
Film Cameras Canon EOS-1v 35mm SLR Film Camera
Film Processing How to Clean Film Negatives
Film Cameras Film Camera Lens Buyer’s Guide
Using the Camera Photography Guide to Camera Functions