http://www.monstersofhiphop.com/faq-policies
HOME20/21 TOUR PLANTOUR DATESSAFETYABOUTFACULTYVIRTUALCONVENTION INFO
ABOUTSCHEDULERATES / DISCOUNTSSHOWCASE / BATTLESSCHOLARSHIPSFAQ / POLICIESVISA REQUESTA-LIST COMPETITION
ABOUTFEES / TIME LIMITSRULES / REGULATIONSAWARDSCONTACT / CONNECTMONSTERS365THE MONSTERS SHOWEMPOWER SPECIAL NEEDSTHE STOREREGISTER/LOG IN
HOME20/21 TOUR PLANTOUR DATESSAFETYABOUTFACULTYVIRTUALCONVENTION INFOABOUTSCHEDULERATES / DISCOUNTSSHOWCASE / BATTLESSCHOLARSHIPSFAQ / POLICIESVISA REQUESTA-LIST COMPETITIONABOUTFEES / TIME LIMITSRULES / REGULATIONSAWARDSCONTACT / CONNECTMONSTERS365THE MONSTERS SHOWEMPOWER SPECIAL NEEDSTHE STOREREGISTER/LOG IN
Search
FAQ
What are the ages of dancers who attend?Monsters Dance is open to all ages, kid through adult! (recommended 6 years and older) How do I know which level to register for?We offer the following as a guide only, placing more emphasis on years of experience vs. age. Use your best judgment and if you need to change levels, you may do so prior to the third class on the first day of the event, space permitting. (Additional fees may apply if switching from Junior to Intermediate/Advanced.)Junior Level: Recommended for beginner dancers, ages 6-10. Includes a full weekend of classes (only 1 fewer class than Int/Adv levels).Intermediate Level: Ages 11-14 - Recommended for dancers with 3+ years of experience.Advanced Level: Ages 15 & up - Recommended for dancers with 6+ years of experience and high level of training.Industry Upgrade: Ages 16 & up only - Upgrade your Advanced Level registration to include an All-Level Access Pass (perfect for teachers & instructors). Includes full weekend of classes plus two exclusive intense Industry training classes. Must be 16 or older.Do you offer group discounts?We make putting groups together simple for you and your company, and will reward you for doing so!For every 10 dancers registered, we will discount your registration with a $260 savings (i.e. 10 dancers = $260 discount, 20 dancers = $520 discount, etc.). Savings are deducted from your group balance when checking out through your online account.. Must be paid in full 30 days prior to event to receive group discount, no extensions or exceptions. Can we add on additional dancers to an existing registration?Yes you can! Log back into your online account (starting with 2018-19 tour dates) to add more dancers to your group, space permitting. Additional dancers may not be added if desired level is sold out. Can an individual dancer register for Monsters, or do you have to be with a group?Individual dancers are always welcome and can register independently at anytime. If you have any friends who would like to go with you to Monsters, gather them together and qualify yourself for the group of 10 or more discounts (see Group Discounts above). Do you need a wristband to observe the classes?YES. Any observer ages 5 and older need an Observers Pass to enter the ballrooms during classtime. Observer wristbands are valid all weekend in any level*. Discounted passes for children 5-12 available at the door (no advance sales, child must be present).*Excludes Friday night Industry Level bonus classes and audition classes. What is Club Stylz and is it appropriate for young children?Club Stylz is a showcase event held on Saturday evening in the Advanced Room. It is a family-friendly, alcohol-free event open to and appropriate for all ages. We offer a limited number of showcase spots for groups participating in the convention to perform and an individual freestyle battle with cash prizes! Admission is free to watch, but additional fees apply for performers or battle participants. Seating is limited, first-come, first-served. Please see our Club Stylz page for additional info. What is the audition class?Just another class! The audition offered at Monsters is designed like any of the other classes you'll experience throughout the weekend - dancers will learn some choreography and perform it in small groups for our Faculty Choreographers. The only difference is dancers wear a number for the chance to be selected for awards. This class will help you grow as a dancer by providing you an authentic audition process to test your potential in a real-life setting. You also have a chance to be selected a variety of scholarships, including our Monsters Show Nominations! Which choreographers are teaching in my city?Each city features 6-8 of the world’s top choreographers. The lineup is typically available one week prior to each city, but the Faculty is always subject to change. Are your Faculty available to teach at my studio?YES, absolutely. We frequently arrange master classes and workshops with our Monsters Faculty, as well as our A-List Alumni Faculty. For more information or to Book A Monsters, send us an email to info@monstersdance.com or call 1-888-566-6787, extension 2. I understand that videotaping is not allowed, but can I get a copy of what Monsters records? Can I record our Showcase Performance?Due to overwhelming demand and time constraints, we cannot fulfill video requests. Groups may record their own performance at the Club Stylz Showcase and A-List Competition only, but videotaping during classes is strictly prohibited. Can I get the music played at the workshop?We do not sell music; however, time permitting, we will make every effort to compile a song list which will be available online on our Event Recap Pages following each convention. Do you offer military discounts?YES! If you or someone in your family is an active or retired military member, we would like to thank you for your service. Enter code ‘salute’ in the coupon code section during registration to receive $25 off and 2 complimentary Observers Passes for guests in attendance. Must show valid military ID at the event.
POLICIES
• No refunds - no exceptions. • Wristbands - Monsters Dance wristbands must be worn and intact at all times. Anyone without a wristband will be denied access to the workshop. Lost or damaged wristbands will require an additional fee up to the full registration price. Wristbands may not be shared or given to another dancer. • Any observer age 5 and older needs an Observers Pass to enter the ballrooms during class time. • To ensure the comfort and safety of all participants, dancers must remain in their registered level wearing wristbands. • Videotaping is not allowed at any time when classes are in session or during the choreographer performances. • By registering, you grant Monsters of HipHop, LLC the right to use your image. • Faculty and schedule are subject to change. • Monsters of HipHop, LLC reserves the right to refuse admittance, or have anyone removed from the event who is disruptive or acts in a manner that is unacceptable. • Monsters of HipHop, LLC staff, instructors and/or representatives are not liable for personal injuries or loss, or damage to personal property. • If mailing payment, payment must be received three weeks prior to the event. Checks must be received no later than 5 business days prior to event start date. No checks accepted at the door. • Discounts only apply to paid registrations in a group. All dancers must be registered on the same form with one payment to receive group discounts. Groups with deposits must be paid no later than 3 weeks prior to the event or forfeit all discounts and will be switched into late rate pricing. • Scholarship recipients do not count towards group discounts. • Club Stylz showcases reserved for groups of four (4) or more dancers. Limit one (1) routine per group unless bringing fifty (50) or more dancers. 3 minute maximum. Space is limited, first-come first-served. • Online registrants will automatically receive a detailed confirmation. Payment must be processed in full in order for your spot to be reserved. Without payment, you are not confirmed for the convention. Checks must be received no later than 5 business days prior to event start date. • If registered as a group, only the group leader is permitted to pick up the registration packet.
MONSTERS DANCE2 Winters LaneCatonsville, MD 21228888-566-6787info@monstersdance.comAbout UsTour LocationsFacultyRegisterShopMonsters DanceA-List CompetitionMonsters365The Monsters Show eMpower Special NeedsBE IN THE KNOW. JOIN THE MAILING LIST.©2003-2020 Monsters of HipHop LLC. All Rights Reserved.Terms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyAll Posts × ×TERMS OF USE
Last updated June 15, 2018
AGREEMENT TO TERMS
These Terms of Use constitute a legally binding agreement made between you, whether personally or on behalf of an entity (“you”) and Monsters of Hiphop, LLC ("Company", “we”, “us”, or “our”), concerning your access to and use of the www.monstersdance.com website as well as any other media form, media channel, mobile website or mobile application related, linked, or otherwise connected thereto (collectively, the “Site”). You agree that by accessing the Site, you have read, understood, and agreed to be bound by all of these Terms of Use. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ALL OF THESE TERMS OF USE, THEN YOU ARE EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED FROM USING THE SITE AND YOU MUST DISCONTINUE USE IMMEDIATELY.
Supplemental terms and conditions or documents that may be posted on the Site from time to time are hereby expressly incorporated herein by reference. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to make changes or modifications to these Terms of Use at any time and for any reason. We will alert you about any changes by updating the “Last updated” date of these Terms of Use, and you waive any right to receive specific notice of each such change. It is your responsibility to periodically review these Terms of Use to stay informed of updates. You will be subject to and will be deemed to have been made aware of and to have accepted, the changes in any revised Terms of Use by your continued use of the Site after the date such revised Terms of Use are posted.
The information provided on the Site is not intended for distribution to or use by any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would subject us to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction or country. Accordingly, those persons who choose to access the Site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are solely responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
All users who are minors in the jurisdiction in which they reside (generally under the age of 18) must have the permission of, and be directly supervised by, their parent or guardian to use the Site. If you are a minor, you must have your parent or guardian read and agree to these Terms of Use prior to you using the Site.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
Unless otherwise indicated, the Site is our proprietary property and all source code, databases,
functionality, software, website designs, audio, video, text, photographs, and graphics on the Site (collectively, the “Content”) and the trademarks, service marks, and logos contained therein (the “Marks”) are owned or controlled by us or licensed to us, and are protected by copyright and trademark laws and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws of the United States, foreign jurisdictions, and international conventions. The Content and the Marks are provided on the Site “AS IS” for your information and personal use only. Except as expressly provided in these Terms of Use, no part of the Site and no Content or Marks may be copied, reproduced, aggregated, republished, uploaded, posted, publicly displayed, encoded,
translated, transmitted, distributed, sold, licensed, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose whatsoever, without our express prior written permission.
Provided that you are eligible to use the Site, you are granted a limited license to access and use the Site and to download or print a copy of any portion of the Content to which you have properly gained access solely for your personal, non-commercial use. We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you in and to the Site, the Content and the Marks.
USER REPRESENTATIONS
By using the Site, you represent and warrant that: (1) all registration information you submit will be true, accurate, current, and complete; (2) you will maintain the accuracy of such information and promptly update such registration information as necessary; (3) you have the legal capacity and you
to comply with these Terms of Use; (4) you are not a minor in the jurisdiction in which you reside, or if a minor, you have received parental permission to use the Site; (5) you will not access the Site through automated or non-human means, whether through a bot, script or otherwise; (6) you will not use the Site for any illegal or unauthorized purpose; and (7) your use of the Site will not violate any applicable law or regulation.
If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, we have the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Site (or any portion thereof).
USER REGISTRATION
You may be required to register with the Site. You agree to keep your password confidential and will be responsible for all use of your account and password. We reserve the right to remove, reclaim, or change a username you select if we determine, in our sole discretion, that such username is inappropriate, obscene, or otherwise objectionable.
PRODUCTS
We make every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors, features, specifications, and details of the products available on the Site. However, we do not guarantee that the colors, features, specifications, and details of the products will be accurate, complete, reliable, current, or free of other errors, and your electronic display may not accurately reflect the actual colors and details of the products. All products are subject to availability, and we cannot guarantee that items will be in stock. We reserve the right to discontinue any products at any time for any reason. Prices for all products are subject to change.
PURCHASES AND PAYMENT
We accept the following forms of payment:
Mastercard
Visa
Discover
American Express
You agree to provide current, complete, and accurate purchase and account information for all purchases made via the Site. You further agree to promptly update account and payment information, including email address, payment method, and payment card expiration date, so that we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed. Sales tax will be added to the price of purchases as deemed required by us. We may change prices at any time. All payments shall be in U.S. dollars.
You agree to pay all charges at the prices then in effect for your purchases and any applicable shipping fees, and you authorize us to charge your chosen payment provider for any such amounts upon placing your order. We reserve the right to correct any errors or mistakes in pricing, even if we have already requested or received payment.
We reserve the right to refuse any order placed through the Site. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household, or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same payment method, and/or orders that use the same billing or shipping address. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers, or distributors.
RETURN/REFUNDS POLICY
All sales are final, and no refund will be issued.
PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES
You may not access or use the Site for any purpose other than that for which we make the Site available. The Site may not be used in connection with any commercial endeavors except those that are specifically endorsed or approved by us.
As a user of the Site, you agree not to:
1.	Systematically retrieve data or other content from the Site to create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection, compilation, database, or directory without written permission from us.
2.	Make any unauthorized use of the Site, including collecting usernames and/or email addresses of users by electronic or other means for the purpose of sending unsolicited email, or creating user accounts by automated means or under false pretenses.
3.	Circumvent, disable, or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Site, including features that prevent or restrict the use or copying of any Content or enforce limitations on the use of the Site and/or the Content contained therein.
4.	Engage in unauthorized framing of or linking to the Site.
5.	Use the Site to advertise or offer to sell goods and services.
6.	Trick, defraud, or mislead us and other users, especially in any attempt to learn sensitive account information such as user passwords.
7.	Make improper use of our support services or submit false reports of abuse or misconduct.
8.	Engage in any automated use of the system, such as using scripts to send comments or messages, or using any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools.
9.	Interfere with, disrupt, or create an undue burden on the Site or the networks or services connected to the Site.
10.	Attempt to impersonate another user or person or use the username of another user.
11.	Sell or otherwise transfer your profile.
12.	Use any information obtained from the Site in order to harass, abuse, or harm another person.
13.	Use the Site as part of any effort to compete with us or otherwise use the Site and/or the Content for any revenue-generating endeavor or commercial enterprise.
14.	Decipher, decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer any of the software comprising or in any way making up a part of the Site.
15.	Attempt to bypass any measures of the Site designed to prevent or restrict access to the Site, or any portion of the Site.
16.	Harass, annoy, intimidate, or threaten any of our employees or agents engaged in providing any portion of the Site to you.
17.	Delete the copyright or other proprietary rights notice from any Content.
18.	Copy or adapt the Site’s software, including but not limited to Flash, PHP, HTML, JavaScript, or other code.
19.	Upload or transmit (or attempt to upload or to transmit) viruses, Trojan horses, or other material, including excessive use of capital letters and spamming (continuous posting of repetitive text), that interferes with any party’s uninterrupted use and enjoyment of the Site or modifies, impairs, disrupts, alters, or interferes with the use, features, functions, operation, or maintenance of the Site.
20.	Upload or transmit (or attempt to upload or to transmit) any material that acts as a passive or active information collection or transmission mechanism, including without limitation, clear graphics interchange formats (“gifs”), 1×1 pixels, web bugs, cookies, or other similar devices (sometimes referred to as “spyware” or “passive collection mechanisms” or “pcms”).
21.	Except as may be the result of standard search engine or Internet browser usage, use, launch, develop, or distribute any automated system, including without limitation, any spider, robot, cheat utility, scraper, or offline reader that accesses the Site, or using or launching any unauthorized script or other software.
22.	Disparage, tarnish, or otherwise harm, in our opinion, us and/or the Site.
23.	Use the Site in a manner inconsistent with any applicable laws or regulations.
USER GENERATED CONTRIBUTIONS
The Site may invite you to chat, contribute to, or participate in blogs, message boards, online forums, and other functionality, and may provide you with the opportunity to create, submit, post, display, transmit, perform, publish, distribute, or broadcast content and materials to us or on the Site, including but not limited to text, writings, video, audio, photographs, graphics, comments, suggestions, or personal information or other material (collectively, "Contributions"). Contributions may be viewable by other users of the Site and the Marketplace Offerings and through third-party websites. As such, any Contributions you transmit may be treated as non-confidential and nonproprietary. When you create or make available any Contributions, you thereby represent and warrant that:
1.	The creation, distribution, transmission, public display, or performance, and the accessing, downloading, or copying of your Contributions do not and will not infringe the proprietary rights, including but not limited to the copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, or moral rights of any third party.
2.	You are the creator and owner of or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, releases, and permissions to use and to authorize us, the Site, and other users of the Site to use your Contributions in any manner contemplated by the Site and these Terms of Use.
3.	You have the written consent, release, and/or permission of each and every identifiable individual person in your Contributions to use the name or likeness of each and every such identifiable individual person to enable inclusion and use of your Contributions in any manner contemplated by the Site and these Terms of Use.
4.	Your Contributions are not false, inaccurate, or misleading.
5.	Your Contributions are not unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, pyramid schemes, chain letters, spam, mass mailings, or other forms of solicitation.
6.	Your Contributions are not obscene, lewd, lascivious, filthy, violent, harassing, libelous, slanderous, or otherwise objectionable (as determined by us).
7.	Your Contributions do not ridicule, mock, disparage, intimidate, or abuse anyone.
8.	Your Contributions do not advocate the violent overthrow of any government or incite, encourage, or threaten physical harm against another.
9.	Your Contributions do not violate any applicable law, regulation, or rule.
10.	Your Contributions do not violate the privacy or publicity rights of any third party.
11.	Your Contributions do not contain any material that solicits personal information from anyone under the age of 18 or exploits people under the age of 18 in a sexual or violent manner.
12.	Your Contributions do not violate any federal or state law concerning child pornography, or otherwise intended to protect the health or well-being of minors;
13.	Your Contributions do not include any offensive comments that are connected to race, national origin, gender, sexual preference, or physical handicap.
14.	Your Contributions do not otherwise violate, or link to material that violates, any provision of these Terms of Use, or any applicable law or regulation.
Any use of the Site or the Marketplace Offerings in violation of the foregoing violates these Terms of Use and may result in, among other things, termination or suspension of your rights to use the Site and the Marketplace Offerings.
CONTRIBUTION LICENSE
By posting your Contributions to any part of the Site, you automatically grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, to us an unrestricted, unlimited, irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, royalty-free, fully-paid, worldwide right, and license to host, use, copy, reproduce, disclose, sell, resell, publish, broadcast, retitle, archive, store, cache, publicly perform, publicly display, reformat, translate, transmit, excerpt (in whole or in part), and distribute such Contributions (including, without limitation, your image and voice) for any purpose, commercial, advertising, or otherwise, and to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate into other works,
such Contributions, and grant and authorize sublicenses of the foregoing. The use and distribution may occur in any media formats and through any media channels.
This license will apply to any form, media, or technology now known or hereafter developed, and includes our use of your name, company name, and franchise name, as applicable, and any of the trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, and personal and commercial images you provide. You waive all moral rights in your Contributions, and you warrant that moral rights have not otherwise been asserted in your Contributions.
We do not assert any ownership over your Contributions. You retain full ownership of all of your Contributions and any intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights associated with your Contributions. We are not liable for any statements or representations in your Contributions provided by you in any area on the Site. You are solely responsible for your Contributions to the Site and you expressly agree to exonerate us from any and all responsibility and to refrain from any legal action against us regarding your Contributions.
We have the right, in our sole and absolute discretion, (1) to edit, redact, or otherwise change any Contributions; (2) to re-categorize any Contributions to place them in more appropriate locations on the Site; and (3) to pre-screen or delete any Contributions at any time and for any reason, without notice. We have no obligation to monitor your Contributions.
MOBILE APPLICATION LICENSE
Use License
If you access the Marketplace Offerings via a mobile application, then we grant you a revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to install and use the mobile application on wireless electronic devices owned or controlled by you, and to access and use the mobile application on such devices strictly in accordance with the terms and conditions of this mobile application license contained in these Terms of Use. You shall not: (1) decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, or decrypt the application; (2) make any modification, adaptation, improvement, enhancement, translation, or derivative work from the application; (3) violate any applicable laws, rules, or regulations in connection with your access or use of the application; (4) remove, alter, or obscure any proprietary notice (including any notice of copyright or trademark) posted by us or the licensors of the application; (5) use the application for any revenue generating endeavor, commercial enterprise, or other purpose for which it is not designed or intended; (6) make the application available over a network or other environment permitting access or use by multiple devices or users at the same time; (7) use the application for creating a product, service, or software that is, directly or indirectly, competitive with or in any way a substitute for the application; (8) use the application to send automated queries to any website or to send any unsolicited commercial e-mail; or (9) use any proprietary information or any of our interfaces or our other intellectual property in the design, development, manufacture, licensing, or distribution of any applications, accessories, or devices for use with the application.
Apple and Android Devices
The following terms apply when you use a mobile application obtained from either the Apple Store or Google Play (each an “App Distributor”) to access the Marketplace Offerings: (1) the license granted to you for our mobile application is limited to a non-transferable license to use the application on a device that utilizes the Apple iOS or Android operating systems, as applicable, and in accordance with the usage rules set forth in the applicable App Distributor’s terms of service; (2) we are responsible for providing any maintenance and support services with respect to the mobile application as specified in the terms and conditions of this mobile application license contained in these Terms of Use or as otherwise required under applicable law, and you acknowledge that each
App Distributor has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the mobile application; (3) in the event of any failure of the mobile application to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify the applicable App Distributor, and the App Distributor, in accordance with its terms and policies, may refund the purchase price, if any, paid for the mobile application, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the App Distributor will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the mobile application; (4) you represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. government as a “terrorist supporting” country and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. government list of prohibited or restricted parties; (5) you must comply with applicable third-party terms of agreement when using the mobile application, e.g., if you have a VoIP application, then you must not be in violation of their wireless data service agreement when using the mobile application; and (6) you acknowledge and agree that the App Distributors are third-party beneficiaries of the terms and conditions in this mobile application license contained in these Terms of Use, and that each App Distributor will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce the terms and conditions in this mobile application license contained in these Terms of Use against you as a third-party beneficiary thereof.
SUBMISSIONS
You acknowledge and agree that any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, feedback, or other information regarding the Site or the Marketplace Offerings ("Submissions") provided by you to us are non-confidential and shall become our sole property. We shall own exclusive rights, including all intellectual property rights, and shall be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of these Submissions for any lawful purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you. You hereby waive all moral rights to any such Submissions, and you hereby warrant that any such Submissions are original with you or that you have the right to submit such Submissions. You agree there shall be no recourse against us for any alleged or actual infringement or misappropriation of any proprietary right in your Submissions.
THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES AND CONTENT
The Site may contain (or you may be sent via the Site or the Marketplace Offerings) links to other websites ("Third- Party Websites") as well as articles, photographs, text, graphics, pictures, designs, music, sound, video, information, applications, software, and other content or items belonging to or originating from third parties ("Third- Party Content"). Such Third-Party Websites and Third-Party Content are not investigated, monitored, or checked for accuracy, appropriateness, or completeness by us, and we are not responsible for any Third Party Websites accessed through the Site or any Third-Party Content posted on, available through, or installed from the Site, including the content, accuracy, offensiveness, opinions, reliability, privacy practices, or other policies of or contained in the Third-Party Websites or the Third-Party Content. Inclusion of, linking to, or permitting the use or
installation of any Third-Party Websites or any Third-PartyContent does not imply approval or endorsement thereof by us. If you decide to leave the Site and access the Third-Party Websites or to use or install any Third-Party Content, you do so at your own risk, and you should be aware these Terms of Use no longer govern. You should review the applicable terms and policies, including privacy and data gathering practices, of any website to which you navigate from the Site or relating to any applications you use or install from the Site. Any purchases you make through Third-Party Websites will be through other websites and from other companies, and we take no responsibility whatsoever in relation to such purchases which are exclusively between you and the applicable third
party. You agree and acknowledge that we do not endorse the products or services offered on Third Party Websites and you shall hold us harmless from any harm caused by your purchase of such products or services. Additionally, you shall hold us harmless from any losses sustained by you or harm caused to you relating to or resulting in any way from any Third-Party Content or any contact with Third-Party Websites.
SITE MANAGEMENT
We reserve the right, but not the obligation, to: (1) monitor the Site for violations of these Terms of Use; (2) take appropriate legal action against anyone who, in our sole discretion, violates the law or these Terms of Use, including without limitation, reporting such user to law enforcement authorities; (3) in our sole discretion and without limitation, refuse, restrict access to, limit the availability of, or disable (to the extent technologically feasible) any of your Contributions or any portion thereof; (4) in our sole discretion and without limitation, notice, or liability, to remove from the Site or otherwise disable all files and content that are excessive in size or are in any way burdensome to our systems; and (5) otherwise manage the Site in a manner designed to protect our rights and property and to facilitate the proper functioning of the Site and the Marketplace Offerings.
PRIVACY POLICY
We care about data privacy and security. Please review our Privacy Policy: https://app.termly.io/document/privacy-policy/c662ae84-427e-4316-8f24-029006d10eaf. By using the Site or the Marketplace Offerings, you agree to be bound by our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into these Terms of Use. Please be advised the Site and the Marketplace Offerings are hosted in the United States. If you access the Site or the Marketplace Offerings from the European Union, Asia, or any other region of the world with laws or other requirements governing personal data collection, use, or disclosure that differ from applicable laws in the United States, then through your continued use of the Site, you are transferring your data to the United States, and you expressly consent to have your data transferred to and processed in the United States.
COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENTS
We respect the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that any material available on or through the Site infringes upon any copyright you own or control, please immediately notify us using the contact information provided below (a “Notification”). A copy of your Notification will be sent to the person who posted or stored the material addressed in the Notification. Please be advised that pursuant to federal law you may be held liable for damages if you make material misrepresentations in a Notification. Thus, if you are not sure that material located on or linked to by the Site infringes your copyright, you should consider first contacting an attorney.
TERM AND TERMINATION
These Terms of Use shall remain in full force and effect while you use the Site. WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THESE TERMS OF USE, WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO, IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION AND WITHOUT NOTICE OR LIABILITY, DENY ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SITE AND THE MARKETPLACE OFFERINGS (INCLUDING BLOCKING CERTAIN IP ADDRESSES), TO ANY PERSON FOR ANY REASON OR FOR NO REASON, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION FOR BREACH OF ANY REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, OR COVENANT CONTAINED IN THESE TERMS OF USE OR OF ANY APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION. WE MAY TERMINATE YOUR USE OR PARTICIPATION IN THE SITE AND THE MARKETPLACE OFFERINGS OR DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT AND ANY CONTENT OR INFORMATION THAT YOU POSTED AT ANY TIME, WITHOUT WARNING, IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION.
If we terminate or suspend your account for any reason, you are prohibited from registering and creating a new account under your name, a fake or borrowed name, or the name of any third party, even if you may be acting on behalf of the third party. In addition to terminating or suspending your account, we reserve the right to take appropriate legal action, including without limitation pursuing civil, criminal, and injunctive redress.
MODIFICATIONS AND INTERRUPTIONS
We reserve the right to change, modify, or remove the contents of the Site at any time or for any reason at our sole discretion without notice. However, we have no obligation to update any information on our Site. We also reserve the right to modify or discontinue all or part of the Marketplace Offerings without notice at any time. We will not be liable to you or any third party for any modification, price change, suspension, or discontinuance of the Site or the Marketplace Offerings.
We cannot guarantee the Site and the Marketplace Offerings will be available at all times. We may experience hardware, software, or other problems or need to perform maintenance related to the Site, resulting in interruptions, delays, or errors. We reserve the right to change, revise, update, suspend, discontinue, or otherwise modify the Site or the Marketplace Offerings at any time or for any reason without notice to you. You agree that we have no liability whatsoever for any loss, damage, or inconvenience caused by your inability to access or use the Site or the Marketplace Offerings during any downtime or discontinuance of the Site or the Marketplace Offerings. Nothing in these Terms of Use will be construed to obligate us to maintain and support the Site or the Marketplace Offerings or to supply any corrections, updates, or releases in connection therewith.
GOVERNING LAW
These Terms of Use and your use of the Site and the Marketplace Offerings are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Maryland applicable to agreements made and to be entirely performed within the State of Maryland, without regard to its conflict of law principles.
DISPUTE RESOLUTION
Informal Negotiations
To expedite resolution and control the cost of any dispute, controversy, or claim related to these Terms of Use (each a "Dispute" and collectively, the “Disputes”) brought by either you or us (individually, a “Party” and collectively, the “Parties”), the Parties agree to first attempt to negotiate any Dispute (except those Disputes expressly provided below) informally for at least thirty (30) days before initiating arbitration. Such informal negotiations commence upon written notice from one Party to the other Party.
Binding Arbitration
If the Parties are unable to resolve a Dispute through informal negotiations, the Dispute (except those Disputes expressly excluded below) will be finally and exclusively resolved by binding arbitration. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT WITHOUT THIS PROVISION, YOU WOULD HAVE THE RIGHT TO SUE IN COURT AND HAVE A JURY TRIAL. The arbitration shall be commenced and conducted under the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") and, where appropriate, the AAA’s Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes ("AAA Consumer Rules"), both of which are available at the AAA website www.adr.org. Your arbitration fees and your share of arbitrator compensation shall be governed by the AAA
Consumer Rules and, where appropriate, limited by the AAA Consumer Rules. If such costs are determined to by the arbitrator to be excessive, we will pay all arbitration fees and expenses. The arbitration may be conducted in person, through the submission of documents, by phone, or online. The arbitrator will make a decision in writing, but need not provide a statement of reasons unless requested by either Party. The arbitrator must follow applicable law, and any award may be challenged if the arbitrator fails to do so. Except where otherwise required by the applicable AAA rules or applicable law, the arbitration will take place in Howard County, Maryland. Except as otherwise provided herein, the Parties may litigate in court to compel arbitration, stay proceedings pending arbitration, or to confirm, modify, vacate, or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator.
If for any reason, a Dispute proceeds in court rather than arbitration, the Dispute shall be commenced or prosecuted in the state and federal courts located in Howard County, Maryland, and the Parties hereby consent to, and waive all defenses of lack of personal jurisdiction, and forum non conveniens with respect to venue and jurisdiction in such state and federal courts. Application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods and the Uniform Computer Information Transaction Act (UCITA) are excluded from these Terms of Use.
In no event shall any Dispute brought by either Party related in any way to the Site be commenced more than one (1) years after the cause of action arose. If this provision is found to be illegal or unenforceable, then neither Party will elect to arbitrate any Dispute falling within that portion of this provision found to be illegal or unenforceable and such Dispute shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction within the courts listed for jurisdiction above, and the Parties agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of that court.
Restrictions
The Parties agree that any arbitration shall be limited to the Dispute between the Parties individually. To the full extent permitted by law, (a) no arbitration shall be joined with any other proceeding; (b) there is no right or authority for any Dispute to be arbitrated on a class-action basis or to utilize class action procedures; and (c) there is no right or authority for any Dispute to be brought in a purported representative capacity on behalf of the general public or any other persons.
Exceptions to Informal Negotiations and Arbitration
The Parties agree that the following Disputes are not subject to the above provisions concerning informal negotiations and binding arbitration: (a) any Disputes seeking to enforce or protect, or concerning the validity of, any of the intellectual property rights of a Party; (b) any Dispute related to, or arising from, allegations of theft, piracy, invasion of privacy, or unauthorized use; and (c) any claim for injunctive relief. If this provision is found to be illegal or unenforceable, then neither Party will elect to arbitrate any Dispute falling within that portion of this provision found to be illegal or unenforceable and such Dispute shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction within the courts listed for jurisdiction above, and the Parties agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of that court.
CORRECTIONS
There may be information on the Site that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to the Marketplace Offerings, including descriptions, pricing, availability, and various other information. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions and to change or update the information on the Site at any time, without prior notice.
DISCLAIMER
THE SITE IS PROVIDED ON AN AS-IS AND AS-AVAILABLE BASIS. YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE SERVICES WILL BE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE AND YOUR USE THEREOF, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE SITE’S CONTENT OR THE CONTENT OF ANY WEBSITES LINKED TO THIS SITE AND WE WILL ASSUME NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY (1) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT AND MATERIALS, (2) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SITE, (3) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (4) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE SITE, (5) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR
THROUGH THE SITE BY ANY THIRD PARTY, AND/OR (6) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT AND MATERIALS OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, TRANSMITTED, OR
OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE SITE. WE DO NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE
ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY THROUGH THE SITE, ANY HYPERLINKED WEBSITE, OR ANY WEBSITE OR MOBILE APPLICATION FEATURED IN ANY BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING, AND WE WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND ANY THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. AS WITH THE PURCHASE OF A PRODUCT OR SERVICE THROUGH ANY MEDIUM OR IN ANY ENVIRONMENT, YOU SHOULD USE YOUR BEST JUDGMENT AND EXERCISE CAUTION WHERE APPROPRIATE.
LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY
IN NO EVENT WILL WE OR OUR DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFIT, LOST REVENUE, LOSS OF DATA, OR OTHER DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SITE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, OUR LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION, WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO THE LESSER OF THE AMOUNT PAID, IF ANY, BY YOU TO US OR $500.00 USD. CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold us harmless, including our subsidiaries, affiliates, and all of our respective officers, agents, partners, and employees, from and against any loss, damage, liability, claim, or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses, made by any third party due to or arising out of: (1) your Contributions; (2) use of the Site; (3) breach of these Terms of Use; (4) any breach of your representations and warranties set forth in these Terms of Use; (5) your violation of the rights of a third party, including but not limited to intellectual property rights; or (6) any overt harmful act toward any other user of the Site with whom you connected via the Site. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we reserve the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us, and you agree to cooperate, at your expense, with our defense of such claims. We will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action, or proceeding which is subject to this indemnification upon becoming aware of it.
USER DATA
We will maintain certain data that you transmit to the Site for the purpose of managing the performance of the Site, as well as data relating to your use of the Site. Although we perform regular routine backups of data, you are solely responsible for all data that you transmit or that relates to any activity you have undertaken using the Site. You agree that we shall have no liability to you for any loss or corruption of any such data, and you hereby waive any right of action against us arising from any such loss or corruption of such data.
ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS, TRANSACTIONS, AND SIGNATURES
Visiting the Site, sending us emails, and completing online forms constitute electronic communications. You consent to receive electronic communications, and you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications we provide to you electronically, via email and on the Site, satisfy any legal requirement that such communication be in writing. YOU HEREBY AGREE TO THE USE OF ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES, CONTRACTS, ORDERS, AND OTHER RECORDS, AND TO ELECTRONIC DELIVERY OF NOTICES, POLICIES, AND RECORDS OF TRANSACTIONS INITIATED OR COMPLETED BY US OR VIA THE SITE. You hereby waive any rights or requirements under any statutes, regulations, rules, ordinances, or other laws in any jurisdiction which require an original signature or delivery or retention of non-electronic records, or to payments or the granting of credits by any means other than electronic means.
CALIFORNIA USERS AND RESIDENTS
If any complaint with us is not satisfactorily resolved, you can contact the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento, California 95834 or by telephone at (800) 952 5210 or (916) 445-1254.
MISCELLANEOUS
These Terms of Use and any policies or operating rules posted by us on the Site or in respect to the Site constitute the entire agreement and understanding between you and us. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Use shall not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. These Terms of Use operate to the fullest
extent permissible by law. We may assign any or all of our rights and obligations to others at any time. We shall not be responsible or liable for any loss, damage, delay, or failure to act caused by any cause beyond our reasonable control. If any provision or part of a provision of these Terms of Use is determined to be unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that provision or part of the provision is deemed severable from these Terms of Use and does not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. There is no joint venture, partnership, employment or agency relationship created between you and us as a result of these Terms of Use or use of the Site. You agree that these Terms of Use will not be construed against us by virtue of having drafted them. You hereby waive any and all defenses you may have based on the electronic form of these Terms of Use and the lack of signing by the parties hereto to execute these Terms of Use.
CONTACT US
In order to resolve a complaint regarding the Site or to receive further information regarding use of the Site, please contact us at:
Monsters of Hiphop, LLC
2 Winters Lane
Catonsville MD 21228
Phone: (888) 566-6787
Fax: (410) 630-1235
info@monstersdance.com×PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated June 15, 2018
Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at Monsters of Hiphop, LLC (“Company”, “we”, “us”, or “our”). We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our policy, or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at info@monstersdance.com.
When you visit our website www.monstersdance.com, mobile application, and use our services, you trust us with your personal information. We take your privacy very seriously. In this privacy notice, we describe our privacy policy. We seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it and what rights you have in relation to it. We hope you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is important. If there are any terms in this privacy policy that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Sites or Apps and our services.
This privacy policy applies to all information collected through our website (such as
https://monsters.mydanceregister.com, https://monstersdance.com, etc.), mobile application, ("Apps"), and/or any related services, sales, marketing or events (we refer to them collectively in this privacy policy as the "Sites").
Please read this privacy policy carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
4. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
5. DO WE USE GOOGLE MAPS?
6. IS YOUR INFORMATION TRANSFERRED INTERNATIONALLY?
7. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
8. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
9. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
10. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
11. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
12. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?
13. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal information you disclose to us
In Short: We collect personal information that you provide to us such as name, address, contact information, passwords and security data, and payment information.
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when registering at the Sites or Apps, expressing an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and services, when participating in activities on the Sites or Apps or otherwise contacting us.
The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the Sites or Apps, the choices you make and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect can include the following:
Name and Contact Data. We collect your first and last name, email address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact data.
Credentials. We collect passwords, password hints, and similar security information used for authentication and account access.
Payment Data. We collect data necessary to process your payment if you make purchases, such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit card number), and the security code associated with your payment instrument. All payment data is stored by our payment processor and you should review its privacy policies and contact the payment processor directly to respond to your questions.
All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.
Information automatically collected
In Short: Some information – such as IP address and/or browser and device characteristics – is collected automatically when you visit our Sites or Apps.
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate the Sites or Apps. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Sites or Apps and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Sites or Apps, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
Like many businesses, we also collect information through cookies and similar technologies.
Information collected through our Apps
In Short: We may collect information regarding your geo-location, mobile device, push notifications, when you use our apps.
If you use our Apps, we may also collect the following information:
Geo-Location Information. We may request access or permission to and track location-based information from your mobile device, either continuously or while you are using our mobile application, to provide location-based services. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device’s settings.
Mobile Device Access. We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including your mobile device’s reminders, sensors, calendar, storage, microphone, contacts, camera, bluetooth, sms messages, social media accounts, and other features. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device’s settings.
Mobile Device Data. We may automatically collect device information (such as your mobile device ID, model and manufacturer), operating system, version information and IP address.
Push Notifications. We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or the mobile application. If you wish to opt-out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your device’s settings.
Information collected from other sources
In Short: We may collect limited data from public databases, marketing partners, and other outside sources.
We may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, as well as from other third parties. Examples of the information we receive from other sources include: social media profile information; marketing leads and search results and links, including paid listings (such as sponsored links).
2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We process your information for purposes based on legitimate business interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your consent.
We use personal information collected via our Sites or Apps for a variety of business purposes described below. We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests, in order to enter into or perform a contract with you, with your consent, and/or for compliance with our legal obligations. We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below.
We use the information we collect or receive:
To facilitate account creation and logon process. If you choose to link your account with us to a third party account *(such as your Google or Facebook account), we use the information you allowed us to collect from those third parties to facilitate account creation and logon process.
To send you marketing and promotional communications. We and/or our third party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. You can opt-out of our marketing emails at any time (see the " WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS " below).
To send administrative information to you. We may use your personal information to send you product, service and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
Fulfill and manage your orders. We may use your information to fulfill and manage your orders, payments, returns, and exchanges made through the Sites or Apps.
To post testimonials. We post testimonials on our Sites or Apps that may contain personal information. Prior to posting a testimonial, we will obtain your consent to use your name and testimonial. If you wish to update, or delete your testimonial, please contact us at gene@monstersdance.com and be sure to include your name, testimonial location, and contact information.
Deliver targeted advertising to you. We may use your information to develop and display content and advertising (and work with third parties who do so) tailored to your interests and/or location and to measure its effectiveness.
Administer prize draws and competitions. We may use your information to administer prize draws and competitions when you elect to participate in competitions.
Request Feedback. We may use your information to request feedback and to contact you about your use of our Sites or Apps.
To protect our Sites. We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep our Sites or Apps safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).
To enforce our terms, conditions and policies.
To respond to legal requests and prevent harm. If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.
For other Business Purposes. We may use your information for other Business Purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Sites or Apps, products, services, marketing and your experience.
3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
In Short: We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.
We may process or share data based on the following legal basis:
Consent: We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information in a specific purpose.
Legitimate Interests: We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.
Performance of a Contract: Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract.
Legal Obligations: We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Vital Interests: We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
More specifically, we may need to process your data or share your personal information in the following situations:
Vendors, Consultants and Other Third-Party Service Providers. We may share your data with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work. Examples include: payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service and marketing efforts. We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on the Sites or Apps, which will enable them to collect data about how you interact with the Sites or Apps over time. This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. Unless described in this Policy, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with third parties for their promotional purposes.
Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Affiliates. We may share your information with our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this privacy policy. Affiliates include our parent company and any subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us.
Business Partners. We may share your information with our business partners to offer you certain products, services or promotions.
4. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
In Short: We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store your information.
We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to access or store information. Specific information about how we use such technologies and how you can refuse certain cookies is set out in our Cookie Policy.
5. DO WE USE GOOGLE MAPS?
In Short: Yes, we use Google Maps for the purpose of providing better service.
This website, mobile application, or Facebook application uses Google Maps APIs. You may find the Google Maps APIs Terms of Service here: https://cloud.google.com/maps-platform/terms/. To better understand Google’s Privacy Policy, please refer to this link: https://policies.google.com/privacy.
By using our Maps API Implementation, you agree to be bound by Google’s Terms of Service. You agree to allow us to obtain or cache your location. You may revoke your consent at anytime.
6. IS YOUR INFORMATION TRANSFERRED INTERNATIONALLY?
In Short: We may transfer, store, and process your information in countries other than your own.
Our servers are located in United States. If you are accessing our Sites or Apps from outside United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by us in our facilities and by those third parties with whom we may share your personal information (see " WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE? " above), in United States, and other countries.
If you are a resident in the European Economic Area, then these countries may not have data protection or other laws as comprehensive as those in your country. We will however take all necessary measures to protect your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy and applicable law.
Binding Corporate Rules:
These include, a set of Binding Corporate Rules ("BCRs") established and implemented by Company. Our BCRs have been recognized by EEA data protection authorities as providing an adequate level of protection to the personal information we process internationally. You can find a copy of our BCRs here: standard contractual clauses.
7. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless otherwise required by law.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this policy will require us keeping your personal information for longer than 2 years past the termination of the user's account.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
8. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
In Short: We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the internet itself is 100% secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Sites or Apps is at your own risk. You should only access the services within a secure environment.
9. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short: In some regions, such as the European Economic Area, you have rights that allow you greater access to and control over your personal information. You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.
In some regions (like the European Economic Area), you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to data portability. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. To make such a request, please use the contact details provided below. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note however that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal.
If you are resident in the European Economic Area and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. You can find their contact details here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm
Account Information
If you would at any time like to review or change the information in your account or terminate your account, you can:
Log into your account settings and update your user account.
Contact us using the contact information provided.
Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, some information may be retained in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms of Use and/or comply with legal requirements.
Cookies and similar technologies: Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our Sites or Apps. To opt-out of interest-based advertising by advertisers on our Sites or Apps visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ .
Opting out of email marketing: You can unsubscribe from our marketing email list at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the emails that we send or by contacting us using the details provided below. You will then be removed from the marketing email list – however, we will still need to send you service-related emails that are necessary for the administration and use of your account. To otherwise opt-out, you may:
Access your account settings and update preferences.
Contact us using the contact information provided.
10. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. No uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this Privacy Policy.
11. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short: Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with the Sites or Apps, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Sites or Apps. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Sites or Apps, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems.
12. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?
In Short: Yes, we will update this policy as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.
We may update this privacy policy from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated “Revised” date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
13. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?
If you have questions or comments about this policy, you may email us at info@monstersdance.com or by post to:
Monsters of Hiphop, LLC
2 Winters Lane
Catonsville MD 21228
United States
HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
Based on the laws of some countries, you may have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, change that information, or delete it in some circumstances. To request to review, update, or delete your personal information, please submit a request form via this link: https://app.termly.io/notify/c662ae84-427e-4316-8f24-029006d10eaf. We will respond to your request within 30 days.
Cookie Use
We use cookies to ensure a smooth browsing experience.
By continuing we assume you accept the use of cookies.
Accept
Learn More