https://www.awpwriter.org/terms_of_use
Become A Member
Store
Donate
Conference
Sign Up
Log In
Login
Remember Me    Forgot Password?
CANCEL
Login
Search
Association of Writers & Writing Programs
AWP provides community, opportunities, ideas, news, and advocacy for writers and teachers of writing.
Terms of Use
Please read these terms of use before
using awpwriter.org, including the Association of Writers & Writing
Program’s (“AWP”) publicly available content (the Directory of Members, the Writer’s
Circle, Advice on Choosing a Program, our Guide to Writing Programs, and our
Directory of Conferences & Centers) and our members-only services (Program
Tools, WC&C Tools, Job List, Career Advice, Writer’s Calendar, and
Pedagogical Tools). These Terms
of Use create a legally binding agreement between you and AWP. If you access, link to, or otherwise
use awpwriter.org (“Website” or “Site”), it means you accept the
Terms. The Terms control how you may use the Site and any other mobile or other
online services we provide and the content/services available on or from our
Site (“Content”). If you use the Website in the course of your business or
work, you also agree to the Terms on behalf of your business or work.
If you do not agree with the
Terms (or do not have the authority to do so), you should not use the Site or
any Content. If you have any questions about any of the Terms, please contact
us at (240) 696-7700 or awp@awpwriter.org. We suggest that you print a copy of the Terms for your records.
We may change the Terms at any time, so review them whenever you access or
otherwise use the Site or any Content because if you access or otherwise use
the Site or any Content after a change in the Terms, you will be deemed to have
agreed to the most current version of the Terms.
1. Access and Use
Access: Our ability
to provide high quality Content depends, in part, on you complying with the
Terms, particularly our copyright and reproduction policy. The amount of AWP Content
that you can view depends on what kind of user you are. For example, if you are
not a subscriber, your access to Content is more limited.
International Use: We
do not represent that the Site or Content is appropriate or available for
access from or use in countries outside the U.S. If you choose to access or use
the Site from outside the U.S., you are responsible for compliance with all
foreign and local laws.
IP Protection: The Website,
including photographs, video, audio, graphics, and other Content, is protected
by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, and other proprietary rights under
U.S. and international laws and treaties. The Content is also protected as a
collective work or compilation under U.S. copyright law. All individual
articles and other elements making up the Content are also copyrighted works.
You will comply with all copyright and other laws, including copyright notices
or restrictions in the Content. You acknowledge that we and our licensors have
used judgment and considerable effort and expenditure of resources to develop,
compile, select, and arrange the Content and that the Content is valuable
intellectual property of AWP and others. You will protect our and others’
proprietary rights in the Content and comply with all reasonable requests we
make to protect such rights. You will notify us promptly when you learn of any
unauthorized access or use of the Content by anyone or of any claim that the
Content infringes upon any right of a third party. As between you and AWP, all
present and future rights, whether in the form of trade secrets, patents,
copyrights, trademarks, service marks, know-how, or otherwise relating to the
Content ("IP Rights") shall remain the sole and exclusive property of
AWP or its licensors. Except as specifically permitted by the Terms, you may
not copy or use any of the Content for any purpose without our prior written
consent.
Permitted Use: You may do the following with the
Content:
view
and store it for your personal use on any device that is compatible with the
Site (e.g., a PC, laptop, smartphone, or other mobile device).
print
single copies of articles on paper for your personal use.
share
links to articles by using our software tools on the Site.
share
articles using our “Email article” tool.
Placement
of AWP-supplied promotional materials is permitted as long as the guidelines
for use are strictly followed. Unauthorized use of the AWP logo, with or
without AWP’s, name is prohibited.
Instructors
at AWP member institutions are permitted to use AWP online content (The Writer’s
Chronicle articles, pedagogy articles, career advice articles, Advice from
the Field, Writer’s News articles, podcast episodes, and/or videos) for
pedagogical purposes provided that the content is not printed, shared, saved,
or distributed. Such content may only be viewed online. If an instructor wishes
to print or otherwise distribute copies of AWP content, he or she must contact
AWP to determine the usage restrictions for a particular piece. AWP holds first
serial rights and electronic rights to many pieces, but further use of certain
pieces will require contacting the original author or creator.
All
content that appears on the AWP website but is not created by AWP, including
discussion comments and images, cannot be used outside of the AWP website
without express written permission from AWP and the original author.
The
AWP website may be unavailable periodically for routine maintenance, repairs,
or updates. AWP will give as much notice as possible in the case of outages,
but AWP does not need to announce outages that are beyond AWP’s control, such
as outages caused by the website host.
AWP
takes no responsibility for the quality of practices implemented by the
employers, publishers, and award-making organizations whose advertisements or
notices may appear on the pages of the AWP website. AWP takes no responsibility
for the content supplied by the employers, publishers, and award-making organizations
whose advertisements or notices may appear on the pages of the AWP website.
If
you choose to submit your work or applications to the prospective employers,
publishers, and award-making organizations whose notices appear here, you do so
at your own risk.
Please note: the above rights do not extend to Content provided by our
licensors which you may not republish or redistribute in whole or in part.
If we notify you that we believe you are violating any Term, you shall
immediately stop doing so, and your rights to use the Site will be deemed
terminated indefinitely unless we agree otherwise.
Additional Restrictions: You may not use the Site or any Content
for any unlawful purpose or in any way which is inconsistent with any Term. For
example only, this means that you may not:
share
your user name and password with anyone. Sharing a password means a copy of the
Content may be made by an unauthorized user. We reserve the right to track
usage of the Site to detect password sharing and any other abuse.
except as permitted by the Terms, (a) use,
transfer, distribute, or dispose of any information in the Content in any way
that could compete with the business of AWP or any of our licensors; or (b)
copy, reproduce, modify, recompile, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer,
transmit, distribute, publish, display, upload, sell, license, rent, create
derivative works from, edit, or in any way exploit any part of the Content.
photocopy
or scan any Content without a license from us or our applicable licensor.
remove
any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary notice from any Content or any
permitted copy made under the Terms.
create
an electronic or other database for any of the Content in whole or in part.
frame
or scrape any Content or otherwise access the Content for a similar purpose.
use
or attempt to use the Content outside the scope of your subscription or access
rights.
Send
unsolicited email or spam to anyone or upload or send any message that
in our sole opinion is unlawful, libelous, slanderous, obscene, hateful,
insulting, threatening, abusive, misleading, deceptive, offensive, or otherwise
than is friendly, civil, and written as if by a guest to a host.
2. Privacy Policy and Registration
We are committed to
protecting your privacy. All information received by you from your use of the
Site will be used by us in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Please
read the Policy so you know how we may process your personal information. Our
Privacy Policy is incorporated into these terms and applies to your use of the
Site under the Terms and to our collection, use, and disclosure of personal
information about you, including information you voluntarily submit and
information we collect about your use of the Site on an automated basis.
When you register with AWP,
you must give us truthful, accurate, and complete information, e.g., your name,
telephone number, and mail and email addresses, and any other necessary
information. You must update changes to that information on the applicable
registration or subscription pages. We are entitled to, and shall, rely on any
information you provide. If we cannot verify that information, we may deny you
access to the Site.
Each registration and password (“ID”) is for a single user only. You may
not impersonate any person or entity or misrepresent any connection with any
person or entity. Program directors must
create separate user accounts for their faculty, staff, and students. By
granting user access to multiple individuals under a single user account, a
program director is permitting those individuals to delete, modify, or
otherwise alter the program’s account, including its affiliated faculty, staff,
and student memberships and its entry in AWP’s Guide to Writing Programs.
You may not share your ID or allow access to the Content using your ID to
anyone else. We may cancel or suspend your access without notice and without
further obligation to you if you share your ID. The use of your account by
anyone under the age of 18 is strictly prohibited. You may not have more than
one account with us at any one time. You may not avoid any method we use to
control access to and use of the Site. You are responsible for all use of the
Site through your ID. If you believe or suspect that your ID has been
compromised or any other breach of security has occurred, please notify us at awp@awpwriter.org immediately.
You
are not required to have an AWP user account to access the publicly available
information on our website. You will, however, be required to create an account
to complete a purchase at our Store.
In
order to access the members-only features on our website, an AWP member must
have an active AWP user account. If a membership expires, that AWP account
remains in the AWP system and can be activated again by the individual upon
renewing (repurchasing) a membership.
An
AWP member may be designated as a program director only after confirmation by
AWP’s membership staff. This status may be revoked or transferred at AWP’s
discretion.
The
program director of an AWP organizational member program is responsible for
authorizing the AWP members who are part of his or her program to access and
administer the program’s account. This access can be revoked at any time by the
program director.
For
students, faculty, and staff of AWP organizational member programs, access to
the members-only content on AWP’s website will be granted or revoked at the
discretion of the program director and any organizational member that the
program director has authorized to access the member program’s account.
3. Content Licenses and Conduct
To You: You acquire
absolutely no right or license in or to the Content other than the limited
right to use the Content in accordance with the Terms. You may print or
download to a single computer one copy of the Content for your personal,
non-commercial use only. Any other use is strictly prohibited.
From You: If
you submit material (“User-Generated Content” or “UGC”) to the Website, AWP, or
any representative of ours, you grant AWP and its affiliates a nonexclusive,
royalty-free, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce,
modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute,
copy, and display such material throughout the world in any form, media, or
technology now known or hereafter developed without attribution to you. You
also permit any other user to access, store, and reproduce such UGC for that
user's personal use. You grant us the right to use the name that you submit in
connection with such UGC. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise
control all of the rights to the UGC that you submit; that any UGC you submit
is truthful and accurate; that use of such UGC does not violate any Term and
will not injure any person or entity; and that you will indemnify ANP and its
licensors and their respective agents, directors, officers, employees,
representatives, successors, and assigns for all claims resulting from any UGC
you supply. You waive any moral
rights that you may have in regard to your UGC.
Without limiting the
foregoing, you will:
only
publish UGC that is your original content and will not infringe the copyright,
trade secret, confidentiality, or other right any of any third party.
not
post, link to, or otherwise publish any UGC containing any recommendation,
advertising, or promotion for any good or service, including any stock or other
investment.
not
disguise the origin of any UGC.
not
post or transmit any UGC that contains any computer code designed to destroy,
limit, or interrupt any functionality of the Site or anything else.
not
collect or store another user’s personal information or inhibit or limit
another user from using the Site.
We cannot monitor all UGC,
and we have no control over UGC submitted by other users. We certainly can’t
guarantee its accuracy, integrity, or quality. Also, some users may not behave
properly and may post UGC that is misleading, untrue, offensive, or otherwise
violates a Term. If we have actually received notice that some UGC breaches a
Term, then we will review that UGC to decide whether to remove it from the
Site. If you believe that any UGC infringes any legal right that you may have
or is not allowed under the Terms, please notify us immediately with specific
details at awp@awpwriter.org.
You represent, warrant, and
agree that: (a) you will access and use the Site and Content only in accordance
with the Terms; (b) you are at least eighteen (18) years old; (c) you have the
power and authority to enter into this agreement with us; and (d) you will not
interfere with the authorized use of the Site by any other user, nor attempt to
collect information about other users other than in the course of your use of
the Site in accordance with the Terms.
Your Indemnity: You
will indemnify and hold us and our subsidiaries and affiliates, employees,
contractors, officers, and directors harmless from all liabilities, claims,
expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorney's fees, whether
incurred as the result of a third party claim or a claim to enforce this Term),
and other damages that arise directly or indirectly in whole or in part from
your use or misuse of the Site or any Content or from your breach of any Term
in whole or in part. We reserve the right to assume the exclusive defense and
control of any matter subject to indemnification by you. You will cooperate
fully with any such defense.
4. Linking; Third Party Links on Our Site
The Site may contain links to
other websites provided by independent third parties, including advertisers. We
are not responsible for the availability of, or any error or inaccuracy on,
such websites, or for any technical or other problems you may have with any of
their products or services. We are not responsible for and do not endorse any
content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such
websites. Please note that our Privacy Policy does not apply to third party
sites.
You may provide a hypertext
link to the Site on another website provided it is a text-only link clearly
marked "awpwriter.org " which points to the URL https://www.awpwriter.org and not to other pages within the Site,
and which displays the Site "full-screen" and not within a
"frame" on the linking website. Further, the appearance, position and
other aspects of any link to the Site must not be such as to damage or dilute
the goodwill associated with our name, trademarks, and service marks or create
the false appearance that we are associated with or sponsor the linking
website. We reserve the right to revoke our consent to any link at any time in
our sole discretion. You may not remove, distort or
otherwise alter the size or appearance of any AWP logo.
5. AWP Not Responsible;
Disclaimer; Limit of Liability
DISCLAIMER: The Site and all Content are provided “as is”,
without warranty of any kind, express, implied, or statutory, including, but
not limited to, any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular
purpose, non-infringement, completeness, accuracy, timeliness, security,
performance, or availability of anything on or linked to from the site. Use of
the Site and Content is solely at your risk. Because some jurisdictions do not
permit the exclusion of certain warranties, these exclusions may not apply to
you.
Without limiting the
foregoing, note that we do not control, and are not responsible for, third
party networks, the Internet, third party actions, acts of God, or any other
actions beyond our control.
OUR LIMIT OF LIABILITY: Under no circumstance will we or our subsidiaries or affiliates (including
all of their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, successors, and
assigns) be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, or
consequential damages that result from the use of, or inability to use, the
Site or any Content. This limitation applies whether the alleged liability is
based on contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability, or any other
basis, and even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damage.
Because some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of
incidental or consequential damages, our liability in such jurisdictions shall
be limited to the full extent permitted by law. Notwithstanding the above and
regardless whether any remedy fails of its essential purpose, if we are found
liable for any loss or damage arising out of or relating to the use of the Site
or any Content, our liability shall in no event exceed the fee or charge you
have paid to us in the last six (6) months, and for such purposes all your
claims shall be aggregated and damages determined only once.
6. Fees
We reserve the right at any time to charge fees for
access to all or portions of the Site. If we require a fee, we will first
require you to create an account. You will not be charged for access to the
Site unless you have indicated you agree to pay such charges. Note: by
submitting your payment and other subscription details, you are making an offer
to us to buy a subscription or other service. We will only accept your offer
and have a contract when we have verified your payment details, email address,
and any other information we deem reasonable. We reserve the right to reject
any offer for any reason or no reason.
You will pay all fees and charges (including taxes)
incurred on or as the result of the use of your account, including the purchase
of any products or services, at the rates in effect for the billing period in
which such fees and charges were incurred. All fees and charges incurred in
connection with your account will be billed to you, and you will be solely
responsible for their payment. We may terminate your access to the Site if we
have any doubt about your payment details or authorization. If you are entitled
to a refund under the Terms we will credit that refund to the card or other
payment method you used to submit payment. If it has expired, we will contact
you.
7. Termination
We reserve the right to terminate your access and account
if you breach any Term. If we do, we owe no further obligation to you. We also
reserve the right to terminate your access and account solely for our
convenience. If we do, we will refund a pro rata portion of any subscription
fee you have paid us. Upon termination of your access and account for any
reason, the provisions of the Terms concerning IP Protection, AWP’s Responsibility,
Disclaimer, Limit of Liability, Indemnification, User Conduct, Third Party
Links, Fees, Choice of Law and Jurisdiction, and General will survive.
A
user is allowed to cancel an AWP user account at any time for any reason by
contacting AWP Membership Services at awp@awpwriter.org or (240) 696-7700. An active member is permitted to cancel a membership at any
time for any reason. AWP does not extend refunds for unused memberships after
the time of purchase.
8. Choice of Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms and your use of
the Site will be governed by the laws of the United States and the State of Virginia,
excluding its conflict of laws principles. You will submit to the exclusive
personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Fairfax County
in the State of Virginia with respect to any legal proceedings that may arise
in connection with the Site or from a dispute as to the interpretation or
breach of the Terms. Any cause of action arising out of or relating to the Site
and your agreement with us must be brought within one (1) year after the cause
of action arose; otherwise such cause of action is permanently barred.
9. General
You may not license or
transfer any of your rights under the Terms. We may transfer any of our rights
or obligations under the Terms to any entity but if we do so we will use
commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that such entity will continue to
honor your rights under them.
The Terms are the entire
agreement between you and us with respect to the Site and supersede all prior
or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether oral, written, or
electronic, between you and us with respect to the Site. If any Term is found
to be invalid in whole or in party by any court having competent jurisdiction,
the invalidity of that provision will not affect the validity of the remaining
Terms, which will remain in full force and effect and be construed in a manner
consistent with applicable law to reflect, as nearly as possible, the original
intent of the parties reflected in the Terms.
Failure by a party to
exercise any right or remedy under the Terms is not a waiver of that right or
remedy. Headings in the Terms are for convenience only and will have no legal
meaning or effect.
10. Contacting Us
If you have any questions or comments regarding
the Terms or the Site, please contact us at (240) 696-7700
or at awp@awpwriter.org.
About
Overview
Values & Mission
Individual Membership
Gift Membership
Organizational Membership
Our History
Overview
Enewsletter Archive
Advocacy
Overview
Writing Op-Eds
Helpful Links
Governance
Overview
Chair’s Letter
Board of Directors
Committees
Anti-harassment Policy
Articles & Bylaws
Staff
Donate
Overview
Friends of AWP
Contact Us
Press Room
Overview
Archive
Photos & Graphics
Media Specifications
Advertise
Overview
Writer’s Chronicle
Online Advertising
Enewsletter/Conference Email
Mailing Lists
Guide to Writing Programs
Overview
Guide to Writing Programs
Advice Articles
Campus Visit Video Series
Guidelines & Hallmarks
Careers
Overview
Career Advice
Video Resources on Careers & Publishing
Job List
Submit Job Listing
Career Services
Contests
Overview of Contests & Awards
Opportunities for Grants, Awards, & Publication
Submit a Listing
AWP Award Series
George Garrett Award
Small Press Publisher Award
Intro Journals Project
Kurt Brown Prizes
National Program Directors' Prize
Community & Calendar
Overview
Writer’s Calendar
Directory of Members
In the Spotlight
Writer to Writer Mentorship Program
Overview
Application Information
Mentors
Mentees
Program Reflections
News & Celebrations
Share Your News
#WritersServe
Life After the MFA
Literary Caucuses
Tweet Chats
Magazine & Media
Overview
The Writer's Chronicle
Overview
Features Archive
Author/Title Indices
Voices: Letters to the Editor
Bookshelf
Subscribe
Apps
The Writer's News
The Writer's Notebook
Podcast Series
Videos
Submission Guidelines
AWP Conference
Overview
Featured Presenters
Overview
Presenter Q&As
Schedule
Conference Schedule
Community Participation
Bookfair
Overview
Saturday Community Bookfair Application
Registration
Overview
Work-Exchange
Scholarship Program
Accessibility
Accessibility Services
Ad-Hoc Committee
Sponsorship
Service Project
Event Proposals
Overview
Proposal Guidelines
How Events Are Selected
Presenter Guidelines
Subcommittees
Writer to Agent
FAQs
Conference Archives & Photo Albums
Writers' Conferences & Centers
Overview
Directory of Conferences & Centers
Guidelines & Hallmarks
WC&C Surveys
Follow Us:
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
Instagram
LinkedIn
Share this page:
Email
Print
Other
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Advertise
Sitemap
Copyright © 2020 by AWP. All rights reserved.
AWP's projects are supported in part by a grant from the National Endowment for the Arts