http://www.bluedevils.org/website/privacy/
Privacy Policy
GENERAL
BD PERFORMING ARTS (BDPA) TAKES YOUR PRIVACY SERIOUSLY. PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE/APPLICATION. BY USING THIS WEBSITE/APPLICATION, YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THE AGREEMENT. BDPA RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CHANGE THIS PRIVACY POLICY AT ANY TIME, EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY UPON POSTING ON THE SITE. PLEASE CHECK THIS PAGE OF THE SITE PERIODICALLY. WE WILL NOTE WHEN THERE ARE UPDATES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY ON THIS PAGE.
SECURITY
This website takes every precaution to protect users' information. This website has security measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information under our control. Despite these measures, the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to or from us via this site by internet or email cannot be guaranteed.
SSL encryption is used to protect sensitive information. Only employees, contractors, and agents who need the information to perform specific job functions are granted access to personally identifiable information.
USE OF COOKIES
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user.
Cookies are used in our online store to retain shopping cart information
and in our member areas to verify access privileges. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site.
LOG FILES
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. IP addresses are also used to link a particular user to their shopping cart.
LINKS
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, BDPA, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
The information you provide is stored on servers located in the United States. BDPA contracts with third party vendors to help store and manage your data and email. A variety of security tools and procedures (including but not limited to encryption, web page and database design, passwords, and physical security) are utilized. We restrict access to personal information to BDPA employees, contractors and agents who need to access or handle the information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations. To the extent not prohibited by law, in no event shall BDPA be liable for personal injury, or any incidental, special, indirect or consequential damages whatsoever, including, without limitation, damages for loss of profits, loss of data, business interruption or any other damages or losses, arising out of or related to your use or inability to use this application, however caused, regardless of the theory of liability (contract, tort or otherwise) and even if BDPA has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation of liability for personal injury, or of incidental or consequential damages, so this limitation my not apply to you.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND DATA USE
BDPA is the sole owner of the information collected on this website. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. BDPA collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
While every effort is made to protect your personal information against unauthorized access and disclosure, it is still possible that malicious third parties may unlawfully intercept or access your data. Therefore, there is no guarantee, that your personal information or private communications will remain private in all circumstances.
In the event that your personal information is acquired, or is reasonably believed to have been acquired, by an unauthorized person and applicable law requires notification, BDPA will make an attempt to notify you of the breach by email or, if BDPA is unable to contact you by email, then by U.S. mail. BDPA will give you notice promptly, consistent with the reasonable needs of law enforcement to determine the scope of the breach and to investigate and restore the integrity of the data system.
DATA INTEGRITY
BDPA processes personal information only for the purposes for which it was collected and in accordance with this Privacy Policy or any applicable service-specific privacy notice. We review our data collection, storage, and processing practices to ensure that we only collect, store, and process the personal information needed to provide or improve our services. BDPA takes reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information processed is accurate, complete, and current. We rely on the users to update or correct their personal information whenever necessary.
ACCESSING AND UPDATING PERSONAL INFORMATION
BDPA will make a good faith effort to provide you with access to your personal information and either to correct this data if it is inaccurate, or to delete such data at your request, if it is not otherwise required to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes. BDPA asks individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected, or removed before processing such requests. BDPA reserves the right to decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup media), or for which access is not otherwise required.
ONLINE ORDERING
The BD Pro Shop is managed by PepWear. For details reguarding their privacy policy, please visit pepwear.com.
When using BD Equipment Store, we collect information from our users. Each user has the option to create a specific user account in the store. Creation of this account will allow the user to store commonly used information in our site. This information consists solely of the users name, address, email, and phone numbers. Each time the user logs in; this information is automatically entered into the order form upon check out. Creating an account in our store is not required to use the site. In addition to collecting contact information, at the time of checkout our online merchant account company, Shopify, collects the user's credit card number and expiration date. This information is solely used to bill the customer for the merchandise purchased. The user’s account information is not stored on any of our servers. Only certain authorized individuals have access to this information and it is only used for billing purposes. For more information on Shopify, visit their website at shopify.com.
CHOICE/OPT-OUT
We may send out emails, newsletters, or advertisements to our website users to inform them of upcoming events, sales, or other important information. If the information collected is to be displayed on our website or distributed, the user will have the opportunity to choose to not have their information made available before they submit it. In most cases, the reason users will submit their information, is to have it displayed on our website. If, for any reason, a user would like to no longer receive information from us, they can send an email to admin@bluedevils.org and request to be removed from our mailing lists.
Users of our site will be notified when their information is being collected by any outside parties. We do this so our users can make an informed choice as to whether they should proceed with services that require an outside party, or not.
NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
Changes to our privacy policy will be posted on the website. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
If you would like your information deleted, please contact admin@bluedevils.org.
Your browser is out-of-date.
Please update your browser to view this website correctly. Show Me Where To Get The Update
×