http://www.onlineopinion.com.au/display.asp?page=privacy
Support Us!
Like what you've read?
On Line Opinion is the only Australian site where you get all sides of the story. We don't charge, but we need your support. Hereï¿½s how you can help.
Subscribe or donate
Become a subscriber or donor. Even $50 will make a difference.
Advertise
We have a monthly audience of 70,000 and advertising packages from $200 a month.
Volunteer
We always need commissioning editors and sub-editors.
Contribute
Got something to say? Submit an essay.
The National Forum
Donate
Your Account
On Line Opinion
Forum
Blogs
Polling
About
Subscribe!
Home
Economics
Environment
Features
Current
Past
Health
International
Leisure
Arts
Cartoons
Humour
Media
Sport
People
Education
Indigenous
Infrastructure
Law & Liberties
Religion
Society
Politics
Domestic
Philosophy
Technology
Authors
On Line Opinion is a not-for-profit publication and relies on the
generosity of its sponsors, editors and contributors. If you would
like to help, contact us.
___________
SyndicateRSS/XML
Print |
Email |
Subscribe |
About |
Feedback |
Legals |
Privacy |
Syndicate
Privacy
This site endorses the Australian Federal Privacy Commissioner's National Principles for the Fair Handling of Personal Information. This policy conforms to those principles.
Site Ownership
This website is owned by The National Forum ABN 67101843396, a not-for-profit Australian public company limited by guarantee. The company's contact details are:
Email: editor@onlineopinion.com.au;Telephone: +61 7 3252 1470; orPost: PO Box 1365, Fortitude Valley, QLD 4006, Australia.
Information collection and use
This site does use cookies for the purposes of tracking log-ins. Our affiliate links to Amazon and Google contain a referring pixel 'bug' used to identify this site as the website from which the viewer linked to those sites. The National Forum does not collect any data using this device.
Our website host server automatically logs information about visits for the purposes of providing access to the site. This information is limited to the standard computer-contact information and includes the viewer's IP address, browser type, referring URL, date and time of visit, pages requested, and top-level domain name. These logs are used for the purposes of administering our site and improving our product. They do not contain any information about the person using the computers that connect to our site.
The Editor collects personal information about our users only for the purposes of adding them to our subscription list or obtaining their feedback via our forms. That information is limited to a name, email address and other preferences that the user may volunteer. We collect only the information supplied by the user.
Information storage and security
The computer logs are stored on the host ftp server and occasionally downloaded to our office computers for analysis. Our databases of subscribers and Research Project participants are stored on our office computers. No copies are made by us for any purpose other than as above.
We do not disclose any information about our readers to any third party in the normal course of our business. We do not allow this information to be accessed by any other entities. We would only do so if required to by law.
The On Line Focus Project, which is associated with this site, collects details about people who have expressed an interest in participating in the research project. That information is limited to the details required to group, select and contact those people for the purposes of the research project and additional information supplied by the nominating person through their participation in the project.
Access to our information
Any person about whom we hold information is able to view, correct or update that information by contacting the Editor as above.
Advertisement
About Us
Search
Discuss
Feedback
Legals
Privacy
© The National Forum and contributors 1999-2020. All rights reserved. ISSN 1442-8458.Web Design Brisbane by Internet Thinking