http://www.starswelove.com/privacy/
Browse All Celebrities
Photo Galleries
Wallpapers
Themed Galleries
Top Downloads
Browse All Movies
Wallpapers
Photo Galleries
Female Celebrities
Male Celebrities
Movies
TV Shows
iPhone
{
A |
B |
C |
D |
E |
F |
G |
H |
I |
J |
K |
L |
M |
N |
O |
P |
Q |
R |
S |
T |
U |
V |
W |
X |
Y |
Z |
# }
Privacy Statement: StarsWeLove
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name or e-mail address.
You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on www.starswelove.com
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to www.starswelove.com and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL - http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include
Google Adsense
Casale Media
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to display the advertisements and links that appear and send this technology directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see. We have no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. www.starswelove.com's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites.
What do we use your information for? Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
- To personalize your experience(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
- To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site featureDo we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow)
that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted
to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.Do we disclose any information
to outside parties? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those
parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with
the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information
may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party cookies
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use
non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over)
during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you.
These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice
or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit networkadvertising.org.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have
separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceBecause we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions
to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties
without your consent.Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance We are in compliance with the
requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website,
products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes
on this page.
www.starswelove.com/privacy/
Celebrities trending now
1. Anna Marie Goddard
2. Mika Boorem
3. Christa Miller
4. Donita Rose
5. Christy Chung
6. Brande Roderick
7. Shannon Stewart
8. Monica Keena
9. Liam Hemsworth
10. Sydney Moon
11. Rachel Stevens
12. Kyla Cole
13. Vanessa Carlton
14. Patricia Heaton
15. Will Smith
Liam Hemsworth76 ViewsLiam Hemsworth168 ViewsLiam Hemsworth252 ViewsLiam Hemsworth294 Views
Just Added
Movie >> Lawless
Movie >> The Apparition
Movie >> Premium Rush
Movie >> The Odd Life of Timothy Green
Movie >> Paranorman
More On Starswelove
Celebrities
A-Z
Top 25 Celebrities
Top Photo Downloads
Movies
Browse By Release Dates
Home | Privacy | Disclaimer
Copyright © 2020 Stars We Love. All Rights Reserved.