http://www.myvue.com/legal/terms-and-conditions
What's on
Big Screen Events
Inside Vue
Offers
Gift Cards
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
Terms & conditions
Close
Privacy Policy
Vue Entertainment is a controller of your personal data. We respect your data and your privacy is important to us.
This Privacy Policy explains what personal data we collect and how it is used. This policy also explains what rights you have over your personal data and how you can use those rights.
Vue Entertainment’s registered office is 10 Chiswick Park, 566 Chiswick High Road, London W4 5XS.
1. Summary of how we use your data and your rights
2. Information we collect from you
3. Information we receive from third parties
4. How we use information and the legal basis
5. Data sharing
6. International transfers
7. Cookies and similar technologies
8. Data retention
9. Your rights
10. Contact details
11. Which Vue entity is the controller?
1. Summary of how we use your data and your rights
We use your data to provide and improve our products and services. This includes using it for marketing, research, feedback and enquiries, and for safety and security purposes.
We also use your data to comply with laws and regulations and to help prevent and detect crime, such as fraud.
You have the right to object to some of the processing Vue Entertainment carries out. More information about your rights and how to exercise these is set out in the “Your rights” section of this notice.
When you give consent to us to use your personal data, you are able to withdraw that consent at any time by emailing [email protected]  You can also email [email protected] to exercise any other data rights, such as obtaining a copy of your data, correcting, deleting or restricting how we use your data.  Please see “Your rights” for more information.
You can unsubscribe from marketing communications at any time.  To opt out of marketing, including profiling for direct marketing purposes, you can either adjust the preference settings in your Vue account, or select “unsubscribe” in emails, or email [email protected]
Our website and app use cookies and similar technologies to improve functionality and to customise your experience by recognising you when you access them. You can reject and block cookies in your browser settings.  Please see our Cookie Policy for more information.
If you enable location services on the app, or you access the location finder on our website and your browser settings allow this, your device will identify and notify you of the nearest Vue Cinema to your location.
Vue Entertainment is part of the Vue International Group (Vue International Holdco Limited and its subsidiaries).  Data is shared between members of the Vue International Group when they provide support, advisory, IT, safety and security, including CCTV, and other services to Vue Entertainment. We also share your data with third parties that provide services to us.  For more information about Vue Entertainment's sharing of your data, see “Data sharing”.
2. Information we collect from you
We collect information when you use our services or purchase food and beverages at our cinemas.  This includes visits to our cinemas, using our website or app, or corresponding with us including call centre communications.
In particular:
• We keep information you give us directly such as contact details (including name, email, address and telephone number), comments, date of birth, gender, region, frequency of visits, feedback, marketing opinions and competition entries.
• We record, analyse and store website and app visits, details of which films, advertisements and/or marketing emails seem of interest to you, details of your purchases and occasions when you make us of our promotions.
• If you call our call centre from a mobile phone number, our automated call centre service may collect your number for the purpose of sending to you via an SMS message a hyperlink to the relevant part of our website containing information requested by you during such call.
• When you sign into Wifi networks at our cinemas and give your number to gain access we and the Wifi provider will check this number and keep a record of this.
• If you are involved in or witness an incident, we will need to log information about it.
• If you engage with us online via our websites or app, our cookies and similar technologies will capture your IP address, your location, and record how you use the site or app to help improve it and enhance your user experience (where your browser settings or permission allows for this).
• If you post information online about us or provide feedback, we will keep a record.
• If you contact us directly and complain or give feedback, receive compensation, or enter a competition, we will record details and all related information such as emails, letters and phone calls.
• We record static or moving imagery of customers and staff via CCTV systems in our cinemas for the prevention and detection of crime, for safety and security reasons and to support the effective management of our business operations by monitoring visitor experiences at our cinemas.
3. Information we receive from third parties
We sometimes receive your information from other people.  This can happen when:
• You participate in market research, such as focus groups or surveys.
• We receive your number from our partners and third parties.
• Vue Entertainment receives certain services from third parties, such as the provision of our CCTV system.
4. How we use information and the legal basis
We are allowed to use your data only if we have a proper reason to do so such as:
• to fulfil a contract we have with you;
• when it is in our legitimate interest;
• when you consent to it; or
• to comply with the law.
A legitimate interest is when we have a business or commercial reason to use your data. This involves us making an assessment of when we can rely on our legitimate interests. For more information on this assessment please contact [email protected]
We have set out below how and why we use your personal information and the legal basis we rely on. This is also where we tell you what our legitimate interests are.
When you buy something from us, join Vue as a member, or enter a competition we run, we use your information to fulfil our contract with you.
We take information to communicate with you, check your identity, take payment, and provide products and services.
To run our business and pursue our legitimate interests, we use your information.
Our legitimate interests include keeping our records up-to-date, fulfilling our legal, compliance and contractual duties, working out which of our products and services may interest you, improving and promoting our website, app and services, developing and publicising new products and services and conducting market research.
Further details of our legitimate interests:
To run and promote our business, we use your information:
• To provide and improve our products and services, including in-cinema Wifi, and to respond to you if you contact us.
• To record call centre communications, including incoming and outgoing calls and emails, for staff training, quality improvement purposes and establishing facts.
• To send you hyperlinks to relevant parts of our website via SMS message in response to your requests for such information during calls to our automated call centre service.
• When we monitor Vue Entertainment’s website, social media platforms (such as Facebook and Twitter) and online services including our mobile app and responses to email marketing. If you post comments online or in other media we collect this information, contact you, and use it to improve our products and services.
• To run competitions and promotions and track which offers seem of interest to you.
• To understand you better as a customer by analysing your transactions and other information you provide to us or which we learn through your interactions with us.
• To send you emails including offers tailored to your perceived preferences where you are a Vue member and your preference settings permit this.
• To deliver personalised online advertising to you relating to our services (including films that we think you might like to see), including remarketing through various social media channels.
• To contact you where you provide us with market research feedback or pass this data to a third-party business partner of ours for panel market research analysis.
To prevent, investigate and/or report fraud, terrorism, misrepresentation, security incidents or crime, including where we are required to do so by law we:
• Monitor Vue member accounts and review CCTV.
• Record call centre communications and emails.
• Use other organisations to check the validity of the credit or debit card details you use to pay (for further details see “Data sharing” below).
To comply with law, assess and uphold legal or contractual rights and claims, and for monitoring, auditing and training on compliance matters:
• We keep records and pass your data to other members of the Vue International Group. For further details see “Data sharing” below.
• We pass your data to our insurers if necessary (e.g. in the unlikely event of an accident).
• We monitor, and record call centre communications, including incoming and outgoing calls and emails.
• We verify your identity from time to time.
• We keep records to comply with health and safety legislation, including accounting for the number of individuals on our premises and logging accidents.
We may, if you give us consent:
• Send you electronic marketing, including promotions and offers, in relation to our products and services if you are a member. Vue members can subscribe or unsubscribe from our marketing communications at any time by adjusting their account settings online.
• Use cookies or similar technologies on the website, app and in marketing emails, including analytic cookies.  For more details on our use of such technologies, click here to see our Cookie Policy.
• Send you push notifications through the app.
• Notify you of the nearest Vue cinema (if you have enabled location services and use the cinema locator in the app or on the website).
• Use your personal data for other purposes where we explain that purpose when we ask for your consent.
When you give consent, you are able to withdraw that consent at any time by contacting us, for instance by emailing [email protected]  If you do so we can only continue to use your data if another legal basis applies, such as when we’re required to do that by law.
Nevertheless, you have an absolute right to opt-out of direct marketing, including profiling for direct marketing purposes, at any time.  You can opt out of marketing by selecting “unsubscribe” in emails, by adjusting the preference settings on your Vue account or by emailing [email protected]
When the law requires us to process your data we will do so.  This can include:
• Legal, compliance, regulatory and investigative purposes, including for government agencies and law enforcement.
• When you exercise your rights under data protection legislation, including when you ask to subscribe or unsubscribe from our marketing communications.
5. Data sharing
Vue Entertainment is part of the Vue International Group. Details of the Vue International Group can be found on our corporate website at vue-international.com.
Vue Entertainment shares data with other members of the Vue International Group when they provide us with support, advisory, IT, safety and security, including CCTV, and other services.
For certain activities Vue uses third party service providers.  When these service providers ask for customer data from us we share the required information with them.
We engage and share your data with third parties for the following services:
• Online advertising and marketing, including delivery of personalised advertisements via email, online or via social media platforms. To achieve this, we share your personal data with Movio Limited, a company that provides marketing services to us and others in the cinema industry. Your personal data is then aggregated with other data and share with other ad-tech service providers such as Liveramp, Google and Facebook, to deliver relevant content to you.
• Wi-Fi
• Customer feedback surveys
• Gift cards (including E-Gifts)
• Loyalty scheme platform
• IT development, support, maintenance and hosting, including the provision of applications and website hosting
• Payments’ processing to enable you to pay by credit or debit card
• CCTV system provision and maintenance
If our business is to be integrated with another business or sold, your details would be shared with our advisers and any prospective purchaser’s advisers (subject to non-disclosure obligations).  Your information will be passed to the new owners on completion of the transaction.
Personal data (including CCTV imagery) will be shared with government authorities and/or law enforcement officials for the prevention or detection of crime, if required by law or if required for a legal or contractual claim.
6. International transfers
At times we need to send your data outside of the European Economic Area (the EU plus Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway) (‘EEA’).  For example, to follow your instructions, comply with a legal duty or to work with or receive services from our service providers who we use to help run your accounts and our services.
If we do transfer information outside of the EEA, we will make sure that it is protected by using one of these safeguards:
• Transfer it to a non-EEA country with privacy laws that give the same protection as the EEA. Some countries have been deemed adequate by the EU.
• Put in place a contract with the recipient that means they must protect it to the same standards as the EEA or use other mechanisms and measures to achieve adequate protection. We use the Standard Contractual Clauses published by the EU.
• Transfer it to organisations that are part of Privacy Shield. This is a framework that sets privacy standards for data sent between the US and EU countries. It makes sure those standards are similar to what is used within the EEA.
• Binding corporate rules. These are internal rules adopted by group companies to allow international transfers of personal data to entities within the same corporate group located in countries which do not provide an adequate level of protection.
For service providers in the US, we rely on Privacy Shield.  For our service providers in Asia and Oceania, we rely on contractual measures.  For further details on the mechanisms used please contact [email protected]
7. Cookies and similar technologies
Our website, apps and marketing emails use cookies and similar technology. Full information is in our Cookie Policy. This includes information on how to adjust your browser settings to accept or reject cookies.
8. Data retention
We keep your data to enable us to fulfil our contractual and legal obligations to you, to provide services whilst you are an active Vue member or user of our website or app, or where required by law or to protect legal rights.
We always look to keep your data for no longer than it is required in line with data protection principles and our processes.  For example, we keep:
• Information on Vue members.
• Records of payment information in line with tax law and audit requirements.
• Customer feedback and correspondence with our customer services teams.  This enables us to respond to any questions or complaints.
• Information to maintain records according to applicable laws and rules.
• CCTV imagery for up to 30 calendar days under normal circumstances, after which point it will be deleted. Imagery required for investigative or evidential purposes may be retained beyond 30 days and is securely disposed of upon completion/conclusion of the purpose for which it has been retained.
If you unsubscribe from marketing communications we keep a record of this request indefinitely to ensure we do not send you direct marketing again.
We will retain your data for longer if we cannot delete it for legal, regulatory or technical reasons.
9. Your rights
You have rights over your personal data.
You can:
• ask for your information to be corrected;
• ask for your information to be erased or deleted;
• ask us to limit or restrict processing your data;
• object to us processing your data, in particular where we use the data for direct marketing, including profiling for direct marketing purposes (this right to object does not apply if we must process the data to meet a contractual or legal requirement); and/or
• ask us to send you a copy of the personal information we hold for you in a structured digital format (e.g. USB stick) or ask for us to send it to another party.
Certain rights, however, will be limited. We will be obliged by law to keep certain information.  We must respect other people’s privacy as well, which means we will need to redact or remove information where it includes personal data about someone else, even if it is connected to your data.  On occasion there could be a compelling legitimate interest to keep processing your data.
If you want to exercise any of your data protection rights, please see ‘Contact details’ below.  To process a request from you, we will need to confirm your identity to ensure we’re accessing the right data.
Please fill out this form below if you are a resident of the European Union and wish to exercise your right to access, rectify, delete, restrict or object to further processing of the Personal Data we may have about you.
You may download the Individual data rights request form here
Please return the completed form and other verification information to [email protected] Or:
FAO: Data Protection
Building 10,
Chiswick Park,
566 Chiswick High Rd,
Chiswick, London W4 5XS
If you have any queries or require further information then please contact out data protection team at: [email protected]
You have a right to complain to an EU data protection authority.  In the UK, the authority is the Information Commissioner’s Office (the “ICO”).
10. Contact details
To exercise any of your data protection rights or to withdraw consent you can email: [email protected]
To discuss or change your Vue account details, including preference settings, you can log into your account and go to ‘My account’ and Contact Preferences or contact customer services at [email protected]
For any queries relating to data protection please contact [email protected] or by writing to them at Customer Services, Vue Entertainment, 10 Chiswick Park, 566 Chiswick High Road, London W4 5XS.
If we make any changes or updates to this notice we will post these here.
This notice was last updated in February 2020, to provide further details in relation to the existing processing of personal data in connection with Vue’s customer call centre communications.
11. Which Vue entity is the controller?
The controller of your information is Vue Entertainment Limited, 10 Chiswick Park, 566 Chiswick High Road, London W4 5XS.
Ster Century (UK) Limited, a subsidiary of the Vue Entertainment Limited, is also registered with the ICO as a data controller, along with the following members of the Vue International Group, as they control certain employee or customer information:
• Vue International Holdco Limited
• Vue International Bidco plc
• Vue Services Limited
12. Covid-19 – Test & Trace
The wellbeing of our customers and staff is our top priority.  Due to the Covid-19 pandemic we have implemented a number of social distancing and additional hygiene measures at all of our cinemas.
We are also participating in the NHS Test & Trace program.
Until further notice, we will require all of our customers to provide the details below when booking tickets for any of our screenings, so that they can be contacted by the NHS in the unlikely event that they come into contact with someone carrying the virus whilst visiting one of our cinemas.
If tickets are being booked for a group of people, we are collecting the contact details for one ‘lead’ customer on behalf of the whole group.
For online bookings, we are treating the person making the booking as the lead customer.
We will be collecting the following contact date:
• Lead customer name
• Cinema site attended
• Number of people in the group attending with the lead customer
• Film and time of screening booked for
• Contact number of lead customer
Customers who book online will be required to provide this information as part of the online booking process.
Customers buying tickets in venue will, on arrival, be provided with a link or QR code leading to an online form where this information can be provided.  Cinema staff may ask customers to prove they have provided the information by showing them the completed form.
The information provided for Test & Trace purposes will be stored in a secure database separate from our usual customer information. It will not be used for any purpose other than in connection with NHS Test & Trace, and will be deleted 21 days after the date of the customer’s visit to our cinema.
This information will be passed to NHS Test & Trace in the event that Vue (or Test & Trace) are notified that a person diagnosed with Covid-19 has attended one of our cinemas in the period preceding their diagnosis.  The information will not be provided to any other third parties unless required by law or government or local authority regulation.
Provision of the information above is required for all customers until further notice.  Vue Entertainment reserves the right to refuse access to (or order the immediate removal of, without any entitlement to a refund) any person who refuses to provide such information in the manner requested, or who is unable to prove the provision of such information to the reasonable satisfaction of cinema staff
The data controller in relation to the data provided by customers for Test & Trace is Vue Entertainment Limited, 10 Chiswick Park, 566 Chiswick High Road, London W4 5XS.
Further information on the Test & Trace initiative can be found at the following website: https://www.gov.uk/guidance/nhs-test-and-trace-how-it-works
Any queries on Vue Entertainment’s data collection processes in relation to Test & Trace should be emailed to [email protected]
Close
Cookie Policy
Vue Entertainment respects your data and your privacy is important to us.  For more information about how we use and protect data please see our Privacy Policy.
Vue Entertainment is a controller of personal information. Our address is 10 Chiswick park, 566 Chiswick High Road, London W4 5XS.  You can also contact us by email at [email protected]
If you have any queries in relation to data protection, please email us at [email protected]
Why do we use cookies and similar technologies?
To make our websites (including our mobile site) and app work better and to distinguish you from other users, we use cookies and similar technologies, such as tagging.  Cookies and similar technologies can perform functions and personalise content.
What is a cookie and what do they do?
A cookie is a small text file which sits on your device or browser and assists with information flow and functionality. We use cookies to support the main and mobile websites and our app.  For instance, some cookies help with site security or provide information to help us improve the site.  Certain cookies can personalise content. Each cookie performs a specific action.
For instance, cookies can send general information about how the site or app is used, which can be used for maintenance and improvement.  These cookies don’t capture your personal data and we wouldn’t be able to identify people from the information.  They simply log numbers and provide grouped information about site or app navigation – this tells us if people can find what they want.
Other cookies remember information from one page to another, so you don’t have to keep entering it.  These are called “session” cookies.  For example ASP.Net is a session cookie which remembers your data from one page.
Cookies which remember things for longer, from one visit to the next, are called “persistent” cookies.  Persistent cookies can do things like remember preferences and adjust content to suit you (personalisation).
What are first and third party cookies?
Cookies can be sent by different parties.
If the cookie comes from our site it is a first party cookie.  If it comes from another site, such as our suppliers or business partners, it is a third-party cookie, specifically chosen by us to provide a service, such as a more personalised visit.
Do I Have to Accept Cookies?
You may reject cookies; however, site and app functions will be affected.  Cookies help our sites and app to work properly and personalise your experience. You’ll be able to browse the sites and app without cookies but some standard functionality, preferences and certain features will not work.
By accepting cookies, you allow us to improve your experience and remember information about you, which can personalise your experience.
To withdraw consent, you can reject or delete cookies. Please see the Managing Your Cookies section below on how you can adjust your browser settings.
Consent
By consenting to all cookies you agree that we and the selected third parties in this notice can use (as described in this notice) data collected by the cookies you allow.  If you do not agree, you can withdraw your consent at any time by managing your cookies in the links below. This will not include ‘Strictly Necessary Cookies’ that are required for this site to function.
Managing Your Cookies
You can manage your cookie settings using this link Manage Cookie Settings or through managing settings in your browser.
Internet Explorer
Chrome
Firefox
Safari
There are several ways to manage cookies. You can:
1. set your browser to prevent cookies from being accepted.  More information should be in your browser’s “help” menu. How to adjust your browser will depend on which browser you’re using.
2. set some browsers to send you an alert when a website is trying to place a cookie on your browser.
3. block cookies by activating the setting on your browser to refuse all or some cookies.  However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies including strictly necessary cookies, site access and features can be limited or not available.
4. delete cookies stored in your browser by “clearing cookies”.  This will only delete cookies already stored.  It won’t prevent new ones being accepted unless you change the acceptance settings.  Also, clearing your cookies on one browser of one device does not automatically clear them on another.  You need to clear all browsers on all devices, independently.
5. refuse specific cookies, by using that cookie’s opt-out process, in the table at the end of this notice.
6. opt out of the use of cookies by Disney, who we partner with to bring you advertising about the latest Disney movies, by clicking here. For any assistance or queries with this please email [email protected]
More information about cookies is available on external websites such as www.aboutcookies.org. For help with how to manage and delete cookies, visit aboutcookies.org.  Further information about advertising cookies, and how to manage them, can be found at youronlinechoices.eu (EU based), or aboutads.info (US based).
We are not responsible for the content or cookies from external websites.  If you follow a link from our site to a third party site, they will have their own privacy and cookie notices.
Please bear in mind that if you restrict or disable cookies it can limit functionality and prevent sites from working properly at all.
How long do cookies last?
Different cookies can last for different lengths of time.
Session cookies last for that website visit.  Information is kept from one page to another, so you don’t have to keep entering it.
Persistent cookies are on your browser and may last for a year or until you delete them.  They can personalise the site and remember information each time you visit.  We use them to see how people engage with our site.  It helps us change and develop the site and improve your experience of it.
What different types of cookies does the site use and what are they each for?
Different types of cookies do different things.  We use the following cookies on our sites and apps.
Strictly Necessary Cookies support our websites and app operation.  They are essential when you move around our website or app and use its features. For example, they remember your details when you login.  This allows you to access your account. Without such cookies such services cannot be provided.
Analytical/Performance Cookies collect anonymous information on how people use the website or app, which helps us develop these. We can see if people find things easily and improve site navigation.
Functionality Cookies remember you when you return to the site or app and choices you have made on previous visits, such as searches and which country you’re from.  This allows us to personalise our content for you, such as enabling us to remember your preferences.
What are similar technologies?
Tagging works in a similar way to cookies.  We use a tag called a pixel.  A pixel is an image that once imbedded in an email connects to a file stored on our web server and allows us to determine customer interest in our marketing emails.  Tags can also be known as beacons.
These allow us to see which promotions seem of interest to our customers, and if a particular offer seems to interest you.  We may use this information to send offers which appear to be more relevant to you.
Close
Website Terms of Use
This website is the website of Vue Entertainment Limited (“Vue”, “we”, “us” or “our”) (the “website”), a company registered in England under company number 04699504 and with its registered address at 10 Chiswick Park, 566 Chiswick High Road, London W4 5XS. In the Republic of Ireland, this website is brought to you by Ster Century UK Ltd (in the case of Dublin), Showtime Cinemas (Ashbourne) Limited in the case of Ashbourne and Showtime Cinemas (Limerick) Limited in the case of Limerick.
Please read these terms of use of the website carefully as by using the website you agree to be bound by them. We reserve the right to vary these terms of use at any time and will post any variations here. You are advised to review these terms of use on a regular basis as you will be deemed to have accepted variations if you continue to use the website after they have been posted. If you do not agree to abide by these terms of use you should not use the website in any way.
Accessing the website
Vue does not guarantee that the website, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. Access to the website is permitted on a temporary basis. We may suspend, withdraw, discontinue or change all or any part of the website without notice. We will not be liable to you if for any reason the website is unavailable at any time or for any period.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to the website. You are also responsible for ensuring that any persons with access to the website through your internet connection are aware of these terms of use, and that they comply with them.
Your login details
Any personal information provided when you register for services on the website will be held in accordance with the Vue Privacy Policy  available on the website.
We have the right to disable any user accounts at any time if, in our reasonable opinion, you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use and/or if we believe that your account is being used in an unauthorised or fraudulent manner.
If you know or suspect that anyone other than you has or is likely to access your user account, you must promptly notify us. Following such notification you may be required to set up a new account with a new email address.
Information we provide on the website
Information published on the website is supplied by Vue and, where indicated, by certain third parties. Vue takes all reasonable precautions to ensure that information published on the website is accurate when posted and regularly updated, but Vue neither guarantees nor can be held liable for its accuracy or timeliness and Vue may change the information at any time without notice. You must not rely on the information on the website and you acknowledge that you must take appropriate steps to verify this information before acting on it.
VUE PUBLISHES THE WEBSITE ON AN “AS IS” BASIS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE WEBSITE, THE ACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION OR THE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES REFERRED TO ON THE WEBSITE (IN SO FAR AS SUCH WARRANTIES MAY BE EXCLUDED UNDER ANY RELEVANT LAW) AND TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, VUE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSSES OR DAMAGE WHETHER DIRECT OR INDIRECT (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION DIRECT OR INDIRECT LOSS OF PROFITS), CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR OTHERWISE INCIDENTAL THAT MAY RESULT FROM USE OF THE WEBSITE HOWSOEVER ARISING.
Nothing in these terms of use excludes or limits our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, or our fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited by law.
The information contained on the website is not an invitation to invest in shares or other securities, or any other products or services or otherwise deal in these or enter into a contract with Vue or any other company.
Intellectual property rights
Copyright in the design and architecture of the website is owned by Vue. Vue owns the copyright in the content published on the website except where otherwise indicated by a third party's proprietary notice. Images, trade marks and brands are also protected by other intellectual property laws and may not be reproduced or appropriated in any manner without written permission of their respective owners. Unless specifically prohibited by a notice published on any page, you may make a print copy of such parts of the website as you may reasonably require for your own personal use provided that any copy has attached to it any relevant proprietary notices and/or disclaimers. All other use is prohibited.
Restrictions
You may only access and use the website and its contents (including any databases and other data) for individual, private and non-commercial use.
You must comply with these terms of use and all laws, rules and regulations applicable to your use of the website and any of its contents (including any database or other data). You must not use the website for any illegal or unauthorised purpose. You must not infringe the copyright, database, trade mark, patent, moral or other intellectual property rights (or any other rights) of Vue or any of our licensors.
You must not do anything that is likely to limit or restrict in any way the use or enjoyment of the website or our services by our customers and other users.
You must not interfere with, or disrupt, the website or any servers or networks connected to the website, including by transmitting any code of a destructive, malicious or disruptive nature. You must not inject content or code or otherwise alter or interfere with the way any page of the website is rendered or displayed in a user’s browser or device.
You must not change, modify, adapt or alter the website or change, modify or alter another website so as to inaccurately imply an association with the website or with us.
You must not access the website or any of its contents (including any database or other data) via a means we have not authorised in writing in advance, including automated devices, scripts, bots, spiders, crawlers or scrapers.
You must not use any automated system or software to extract content (including any database or other data) from our website except in cases where you or any applicable third party has entered into a written agreement with us that expressly permits such activity.
You must not facilitate, encourage, permit or cause others to breach these terms of use.
If you breach any of these terms of use, or any of our other terms and policies referred to on the website, we may terminate your ability to access and use the website immediately. We reserve the right at any time to take such action (including legal action) as we consider necessary in relation to any unauthorised use of the website.
Viruses
We do not guarantee that the website will be secure or free from bugs or viruses. You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform in order to access the website. You should use your own virus protection software.
You must not misuse the website by knowingly introducing viruses, Trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to the website, the server on which the website is stored or any server, computer or database connected to the website. You must not attack the website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will cooperate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use the website will cease immediately.
Third-party websites
We are not responsible for the content of any other website from which you have accessed the website or to which you may hyperlink from the website and cannot be held liable for any loss or damage you incur as a result thereof.
General
These terms of use are governed by the laws of England and Wales and you agree that the English courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction in any dispute relating to them or your use of the website.
To the extent that any part of these terms of use is found to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction such part shall to that extent be severed from the remaining terms all of which shall remain in full force and effect as permitted by law.
Close
Online Ticket Terms
TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLY TO PURCHASES MADE ONLINE VIA THE VUE WEBSITE OR TELEPHONE BOOKING LINE AND DO NOT APPLY TO PURCHASES MADE AT VUE CINEMAS.
The online and telephone purchase of tickets for film showings at any Vue cinema is strictly subject to the following terms and conditions ("Ticket Terms"). By purchasing a Vue cinema ticket, you agree to be bound by these Ticket Terms. You also agree to use your ticket in accordance with these Ticket Terms and the Guest Admission Policy. Please read these Ticket Terms and the Guest Admission Policy carefully before purchasing your tickets.
By using our site to purchase tickets you will provide us with certain personal and payment information.
Vue Entertainment respects your data and your privacy is important to us.  For more information about how we use and protect data please see our Privacy Policy.
We use your data to provide and improve our products and services, including for marketing, research, feedback and enquiries, and for safety and security purposes. We will use your data to comply with laws and regulations. We may use your data to prevent and detect crime, such as fraud.
You have the right to object to some of the processing Vue carries out. More information about your rights and how to exercise these is set out in the “Your rights” section of the Privacy Policy.
1. Purchasing your tickets
1. Cinema tickets may be purchased through the Vue websites listed in paragraph 8.1 below ("Site") or the Vue telephone booking line ("Booking Line") using a credit or debt card approved by us.
2. By placing an order for tickets through the Site or the Booking Line, you are making a request to book tickets for the relevant performance subject to these Ticket Terms. Please note that this does not mean that your request has been accepted.
3. We will only be bound by an on-line booking through the Site once we have processed your payment and we have sent an email to you confirming your booking.
4. Ticket prices relate to the screening you wish to attend, not the day or time at which you purchase your ticket. Tickets are sold at the price displayed on the Site for the relevant film and showing time. All prices and fees include any applicable value added tax. Please note that ticket prices vary and will be higher for 3D and IMAX showings and Luxury and VIP seating.
5. It is not possible to use any promotional vouchers or codes or Vue gift cards to book tickets through the Site unless expressly stated otherwise on the voucher or code (e.g. cinema specific "Cheap Day" codes) can be used on-line).
6. Tickets are subject to availability and are generally non-refundable. We are under no obligation to refund you or exchange your ticket(s) in the event that you make any error when purchasing your tickets through the Site (including but not limited to selecting the wrong film or the wrong number of tickets), if you are excluded from viewing the film for any breach of these Ticket Terms or the Guest Admission Policy , or if your ticket is lost, stolen or damaged. However, we may, entirely at our discretion, refund you or exchange your ticket(s) in any of the situations mentioned above or where there has been any customer service issue that we consider warrants a full or partial refund or other offer of goodwill from us. Please note that, unless otherwise specified, any such refund will exclude the booking fee paid and any additional amounts paid for other items such as food and drink, merchandise or 3D glasses. Refunds will be made to the same payment card used to make the booking and cannot be returned to gift cards. Redeemed voucher codes cannot be re-used if the tickets they were used to purchase are refunded or exchanged.
7. Seating is unallocated unless otherwise specified at the point of purchase. Where seating is allocated at the time of booking, we will endeavour to ensure that you are provided with the seat that you have booked. However, we cannot guarantee the seating allocation and shall reserve the right to make changes at our discretion.
8. For all tickets purchased through the Booking Line, a fee for booking your ticket(s) remotely is payable in addition to the ticket price. This will be clearly notified to you during the booking process. The total amount payable will be inclusive of the booking fee. By sending a request to book tickets, you agree to pay the booking fee in addition to the ticket price.
9. For all tickets purchased on the website (other than at the specific cinemas listed below) a booking fee for booking your ticket(s) remotely is payable in addition to the ticket price. This will be clearly notified to you during the booking process. The total amount payable will be displayed as the headline ticket price inclusive of the booking fee. By sending a request to book tickets, you agree to pay the booking fee in addition to the ticket price.
The total amount payable will be displayed as the headline ticket price inclusive of the booking fee except for the sites below where an additional 79p booking fee per ticket applies to tickets purchased online via myvue.com at the following sites:
• Barrow
• Bicester
• Bristol Longwell Green
• Hull
• Norwich
• Portsmouth
By sending a request to book tickets, you agree to pay the booking fee incorporated in the headline ticket price.
Please note that no booking fee is payable for any tickets purchased in person at any of our cinemas, including at automated ticket machines.
10. For 3D films, you may purchase 3D glasses online or at the cinema. If you purchase them online, they will need to be picked up at your chosen cinema along with your tickets.
11. Please note that not all advertised ticket offers will be available for tickets purchased online, and in some cases you may need to purchase tickets in person at the cinema to benefit from such offers.
2. Film times
1. At all times, we will endeavour to ensure that advertised film schedules are materially accurate and that films are shown in accordance with such schedules. However, we cannot always guarantee the accuracy of the advertised schedules. We also reserve the right to cancel a showing, substitute an alternative film or vary the time of a showing, if necessary for any reason.
2. If a film showing is cancelled or its timing altered or is not as advertised, the duty manager at the relevant Cinema will have the discretion to do either of the following:
1. refund to you the cost of tickets already purchased; or
2. to issue replacement tickets for the same film at an alternative show time, but we shall not be liable to reimburse you for any expenses or any other losses incurred (including but not limited to travelling costs and car parking costs).
3. Film classifications and rules relating to children
1. Photographic identification (for example driving licence, passport or any other photographic identification that we deem to be acceptable) may be requested prior to permitting entry into 12A, 15 and 18 certificated films in the UK, or into 12A, 15A, 16 and 18 certificated films in Ireland. Tickets purchased through the Site or the Booking Line for such films can only be collected and/or used upon production of the necessary identification, if requested.
2. In the UK children under 12 years of age are permitted to view films with either a U, PG, or 12A certificate, provided always that:
1. children under 8 years must be accompanied by an adult at all times to watch any film;
2. children under 12 years must be accompanied by an adult to watch any film with a 12A certificate; and
3. children under 12 years must be accompanied by an adult to watch any films starting at 7pm or later.
3. In Ireland, children under 16 years of age are permitted to view films with either a G, PG, 12A or 15A certificated provided always that:
1. children under 8 years must be accompanied by an adult at all times to watch any film;
2. children under 12 years must be accompanied by an adult to watch any film with a 12A certificate;
3. children under 12 years must be accompanied by an adult to watch any films starting at 7pm or later;
4. children under 15 years must be accompanied by an adult to watch any film with a 15A certificate; and;
5. no child under the age of 16 years will be permitted to view any film which has been rated as 16, and no child under the age of 18 years will be permitted to view any film which has been rated as 18
6. Other than as set out in paragraph 3.2 above, parent(s) and/or guardian(s) shall have sole discretion as to whether or not their children are accompanied.
7. Parents and guardians shall at all times remain responsible for their child(ren) whether or not they are accompanied.
8. Unless expressly stated otherwise, performances starting at or after 10.30pm are strictly for those aged 18 regardless of a film's certificate. Photographic identification may be required for entry into any films starting at or after this time.
9. For the purpose of the rules set out in this paragraph 3, an adult is a person aged 18 years or over.
4. Collecting your tickets
1. Once you have booked your tickets online, you can collect them from the box office at your chosen cinema. Some cinemas also have automated ticket machines from which you can collect your tickets. If you have purchased a concession ticket, you may not be able to use the automated ticket machines because our staff may want to check your proof of identity before you are admitted. The cardholder must be present to collect the tickets, and you will need to take the same card as you have used to make your booking. If your tickets are for a 3D film, and you have ordered 3D glasses, you will receive a voucher for your 3D glasses when you collect your tickets. You can take your 3D glasses voucher to any designated collection point in the cinema to collect your 3D glasses before the film.
2. For tickets delivered to your mobile phone or computer as a QR barcode, please note that the person receiving the barcode is considered to be the rightful ticket holder and such barcode ticket can only be used once. You will be able to enter your screening without having to visit an ATM or counter if your confirmation email confirms that your barcode can be read by a member of staff at a gate. Please note that if you have pre-purchased food and beverage with your tickets you will still need to go to a counter to collect your order.
5. Concession tickets
1. Photographic identification for any concession tickets (including students) purchased through the Site or the Booking Line may be requested upon collection of the tickets and/or at the point of admission to the auditorium.
2. In the event that appropriate photographic identification cannot be produced upon request, you will be required to pay the difference between the concession price and the applicable full ticket price.
6. Liability
1. Nothing in these Ticket Terms affects your rights under the law or excludes or limits our liability for fraud or for death or personal injury resulting from our negligence. In all other circumstances, our liability to you shall be limited to the price paid for your ticket.
7. Your information
1. We believe that purchasing tickets through the Site is absolutely safe. We use the latest industry standard encryption technology to keep visitors' personal information safe. All ordering information (including names and credit card details) is encrypted using a "secure sockets layer" for maximum security. Credit card and billing information cannot be read as it travels to our booking system.
8. When you purchase your tickets through the Site or the Booking Line, we shall collect your information in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
9. General
1. "Site" means any of Vue's websites and/or applications which can be used to purchase Vue cinema tickets, from to time, including www.myvue.com (and its sub-domains), and Vue's iPhone application.
2. "Vue", "we", "us" and "our" means the relevant company within the Vue Group as is indicated to you at the time that you place your order.
3. "Vue Group" means Vue Entertainment Limited and its subsidiaries and holding companies and the subsidiaries of such holding companies (as such terms are defined in S.1159 Companies Act 2006) from time to time.
4. The VAT number for all UK companies within the Vue Group is 810 3217 83.
5. For the purposes of your contract to purchase any tickets, such contract will be with the company within the Vue Group that is identified as the supplier of the tickets at the time that you make your booking.
6. For identity purposes, the address of all companies within the Vue Group is 10 Chiswick Park, 566 Chiswick High Road, London, W4 5XS.
7. Vue reserves the right to change these Ticket Terms at any time without notice. Such changes will be posted on www.myvue.com. Alternatively you can obtain a copy of the latest Ticket Terms by calling Vue Guest Services on 0345 308 4620 (local rates apply) or by emailing [email protected]
8. We may assign, transfer or deal in any other way with our rights and obligations under these Ticket Terms to any party at any time without notice to you. You may not assign such rights and obligations.
9. If any part of these Ticket Terms is unenforceable, invalid or illegal, the enforceability, validity or legality of any other part of the Terms will not be affected or impaired in any way.
10. These Ticket Terms are governed by English law and you agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Close
Offline Ticket Terms
PLEASE NOTE THAT THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLY TO PURCHASES MADE AT VUE CINEMAS AND DO NOT APPLY TO PURCHASES MADE ONLINE VIA THE VUE WEBSITE OR TELEPHONE BOOKING LINE.
The offline (i.e. in-cinema) purchase of tickets for film showings at any Vue cinema is strictly subject to the following terms and conditions ("Ticket Terms"). By purchasing a Vue cinema ticket, you agree to be bound by these Ticket Terms. You also agree to use your ticket in accordance with these Ticket Terms and the Guest Admission Policy. Please read these Ticket Terms and the Guest Admission Policy carefully before purchasing your tickets.
By using our site to purchase tickets you may provide us with certain personal and payment information.
Vue Entertainment respects your data and your privacy is important to us.  For more information about how we use and protect data please see our Privacy Policy.
We use your data to provide and improve our products and services, including for marketing, research, feedback and enquiries, and for safety and security purposes. We will use your data to comply with laws and regulations. We may use your data to prevent and detect crime, such as fraud.
You have the right to object to some of the processing Vue carries out. More information about your rights and how to exercise these is set out in the “Your rights” section of the Privacy Policy.
1. Purchasing your tickets
1. You can purchase tickets from the box office at your chosen cinema. Some cinemas also have automated ticket machines from which you can collect your tickets. If you wish to purchase a concession ticket, you may not be able to use the automated ticket machines, because our staff may want to check your proof of identity before you are admitted.
2. We accept the following forms of payment for the purchase of your tickets:
1. cash in the form of pounds sterling only (except in Dublin where we accept Euros only); or
2. selected debit/credit cards approved by us; or
3. Vue gift cards & vouchers (see paragraph 2 below).
3. Ticket prices relate to the screening you wish to attend, not the day or time at which you purchase your ticket. Ticket prices will be displayed at the point of purchase. All prices and fees include any applicable value added tax. Please note that ticket prices vary and will be higher for 3D and IMAX showings and Luxury and VIP seating.
4. Tickets are subject to availability and are generally non-refundable. We are under no obligation to refund you or exchange your ticket(s) in the event that you make any error when purchasing your tickets (including but not limited to selecting the wrong film or the wrong number of tickets), if you are excluded from viewing the film for any breach of these Ticket Terms or the Guest Admission Policy, or if your ticket is lost, stolen or damaged. However, we may, entirely at our discretion, refund you or exchange your ticket(s) in any of the situations mentioned above or where there has been any customer service issue that we consider warrants a full or partial refund or other offer of goodwill from us. Please note that, unless otherwise specified, any such refund will exclude any additional amounts paid for other items such as food and drink, merchandise or 3D glasses. Refunds will be made to the same payment card used to make the booking (or in cash if you paid for the tickets in cash provided the refund occurs before or on the same day as the screening) and cannot be returned to gift cards. Redeemed voucher codes cannot be re-used if the tickets they were used to purchase are refunded or exchanged.
5. Seating is unallocated unless otherwise specified at the point of purchase. Where seating is allocated at the time of purchase, we will endeavour to ensure that you are provided with the seat that you have purchased. However, we cannot guarantee the seating allocation and shall reserve the right to make changes at our discretion.
6. For 3D films, you may purchase 3D glasses at your chosen cinema. You will receive a voucher for your 3D glasses, which you can take to any designated collection point in the cinema to collect your 3D glasses before the film.
7. Please note that not all advertised ticket offers will be available for tickets purchased in person at the cinema, and in some cases you may need to purchase tickets in advance online to benefit from such offers.
11. Additional 79p booking fee per ticket applies to tickets purchased via our contact centre at the following sites:
• Barrow
• Bicester
• Bristol Longwell Green
• Hull
• Norwich
• Portsmouth
2. Vouchers & gift cards
1. Vue vouchers must show an approved date stamp in order to be valid and must be redeemed on or before the date shown on the voucher.
2. Unless specified by us, Vue vouchers may not be used in conjunction with any other promotion (including but not limited to Meerkat Movies, Mini Mornings, and Last Chance to See), offer, discount or family ticket.
3. All Vue vouchers and gift cards must be used in accordance with the specific terms and conditions stated on them.
4. Vue gift vouchers and the balance on Vue gift cards can be used at the till of any Vue cinema in the UK as full or part payment of the cost of cinema tickets or any refreshments or other goods sold by Vue at Vue's cinemas. You can only use your gift card to pay for cinema tickets and/or goods if you have your voucher or card with you and hand it to the Vue guest assistant from whom you are purchasing the tickets and/or goods for processing. Use of Vue gift vouchers and cards is also subject to the Gift Card Terms & Conditions.
5. Other vouchers
6. All other valid vouchers (e.g. Nectar points, Meerkat Movies codes) must be redeemed on or before the date shown on the voucher and in accordance with the specific terms and conditions stated on them.
7. Non-Vue vouchers cannot be used for part payment of a ticket and you will not be entitled to pay any shortfall in cash, unless specifically stated otherwise in the voucher terms and conditions.
3. Film times
1. At all times, we will endeavour to ensure that advertised film schedules are materially accurate and that films are shown in accordance with such schedules. However, we cannot always guarantee the accuracy of the advertised schedules. We also reserve the right to cancel a showing, substitute an alternative film or vary the time of a showing, if necessary for any reason.
2. If a film showing is cancelled or its timing altered or is not as advertised, the duty manager at the relevant Cinema will have the discretion to do either of the following:
1. refund to you the cost of tickets already purchased; or
2. to issue replacement tickets for the same film at an alternative show time, but we shall not be liable to reimburse you for any expenses or any other losses incurred (including but not limited to travel costs and car parking costs).
4. Film classifications and rules in relation to children
1. Photographic identification (for example driving license, passport or any other photographic identification that we deem to be acceptable) may be requested prior to permitting entry into 12A, 15 and 18 certificated films in the UK, or into 12A, 15A, 16 and 18 films in Ireland. Tickets purchased through the Site or the Booking Line for such films can only be collected and/or used upon production of the necessary identification.
2. In the UK, children under 12 years of age are permitted to view films with either a U, PG or 12a certificate, provided always that:
1. children under 8 years must be accompanied by an adult at all times to watch any film;
2. children under 12 years must be accompanied by an adult to watch any film with a 12A certificate; and
3. children under 12 years must be accompanied by an adult to watch any films starting at 7pm or later.
3. In Ireland, children under 16 years of age are permitted to view films with either a G, PG, 12A or 15A certificated provided always that:
1. children under 8 years must be accompanied by an adult at all times to watch any film;
2. children under 12 years must be accompanied by an adult to watch any film with a 12A certificate;
3. children under 12 years must be accompanied by an adult to watch any films starting at 7pm or later;
4. children under 15 years must be accompanied by an adult to watch any film with a 15A certificate; and;
5. no child under the age of 16 years will be permitted to view any film which has been rated as 16, and no child under the age of 18 years will be permitted to view any film which has been rated as 18
4. Other than as set out in this paragraph 4, parent(s) and/or guardian(s) shall have sole discretion as to whether or not their children are accompanied.
5. Parents and guardians shall at all times remain responsible for their child/children whether or not they are accompanied.
6. Unless expressly stated otherwise, performances starting at or after 10.30pm are strictly for those aged 18 regardless of a film's certificate. Photographic identification will be required for entry into any films starting at or after this time.
7. For the purpose of the rules set out in this paragraph 3, an adult is a person aged 18 years or over.
5. Concession tickets
1. Photographic identification for any concession tickets (including carers and students) may be requested upon purchase or collection of the tickets and/or at the point of admission to the auditorium.
2. In the event that appropriate photographic identification cannot be produced upon request, you will be required to pay the difference between the concession price and the applicable full ticket price.
6. Liability
1. Nothing in these Ticket Terms and Conditions affects your rights under the law or excludes or limits our liability for fraud or for death or personal injury resulting from our negligence. In all other circumstances, our liability to you shall be limited to the price paid for your ticket.
7. General
1. "Vue", "we", "us" and "our" means the relevant company within the Vue Group as is indicated to you at the time that you place your order.
2. "Vue Group" means Vue Entertainment Limited and its subsidiaries and holding companies and the subsidiaries of such holding companies (as such terms are defined in S.1159 Companies Act 2006) from time to time.
3. The VAT number for all UK companies within the Vue Group is 810 3217 83.
4. For the purposes of your contract to purchase any tickets, such contract will be with the company within the Vue Group that is identified as the supplier of the tickets at the time that you make your booking.
5. For identity purposes, the address of all companies within the Vue Group is 10 Chiswick Park, 566 Chiswick High Road, London, W4 5XS.
6. Vue reserves the right to change these Ticket Terms at any time without notice. Such changes will be posted on www.myvue.com. Alternatively you can obtain a copy of the latest Ticket Terms by calling Vue Guest Services on 0345 308 4620 (local rates apply) or by emailing [email protected]
7. Vue accepts no responsibility for any information displayed or broadcast on the premises by any third party.
8. We may assign, transfer or deal in any other way with our rights and obligations under these Ticket Terms to any party at any time without notice to you. You may not assign such rights and obligations.
9. If any part of these Ticket Terms is unenforceable, invalid or illegal, the enforceability, validity or legality of any other part of the Terms will not be affected or impaired in any way.
10. These Ticket Terms are governed by English law and you agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Close
Guest Admissions Policy
1. This policy (the "Guest Admissions Policy") is adopted by Vue Entertainment Limited, a company registered in England and Wales under company number 4699504 and whose registered office is at 10 Chiswick Road, 566 Chiswick High Road, London W4 5XS and its subsidiaries and holding companies and the subsidiaries of such holding companies (as such terms are defined in section 1159 Companies Act 2006) ("Vue").
2. The admission of guests to any cinema operated by Vue is strictly subject to this Guest Admissions Policy. By purchasing a ticket to attend any cinema operated by Vue, the purchaser agrees to be bound by this Guest Admissions Policy.
3. Vue reserves the right to refuse access to or order the immediate removal without any entitlement to a refund of any person who fails to act in accordance with this Guest Admissions Policy.
4. Tickets are not refundable and Guests are responsible for checking their tickets at the time of collection (or booking in the case of an e-ticket).  Vue shall not be under any obligation to rectify tickets bought in error.  Guests may not resell or trade any tickets.
5. Guests shall produce on request a valid ticket in order to be admitted into an auditorium for any performance. Each guest is only be permitted access to and for: (i) the auditorium; (ii) the performance; (iii) the performance time; and (iv) the seat or type of seating (if any), specified on the ticket.
6. Guests shall retain their tickets, ticket stubs or e-tickets at all times, as these may be required for re-entry into the auditorium.  Failure to do so may result in the guest being denied access into the auditorium.
7. Ticket prices may change between the date of purchase and the date that the film is screened. In the event that the price paid for the ticket is greater than the price for equivalent tickets at the same screening, guests may not claim a refund for the difference.
8. In order to avoid disturbances to a performance, Vue will refuse entry to any guest who arrives after the main feature has begun, subject to any decision by the Duty Manager acting in his or her absolute discretion.
9. Mobile phones and all other mobile devices must be switched off at all times inside the auditorium.
10. Sound and video recording equipment (including but not limited to cameras and mobile devices with recording functions) are not permitted inside the auditorium. Vue reserves the right to conduct random bag checks in this respect and to report any guest found or suspected of copying or attempting to copy any film or other copyright protected material to the relevant authorities.
11. Vue accepts no responsibility for any information displayed or broadcast in any cinema operated by Vue by any third party or for the content of any film or advertisement that is shown at any cinema operated by Vue.
12. Guests may not bring or consume any hot food or alcohol purchased outside of the premises.
13. Guests must remain within permitted guest areas or as otherwise instructed by Vue staff or agents at all times.
14. Vue accept no responsibility for the loss, theft, damage or alteration to any personal items brought onto the premises by its guests.
15. Guests shall not exhibit behaviour which is considered antisocial or disruptive by the Duty Manager acting in his or her absolute discretion. Such behaviour will result in immediate removal from the premises without any entitlement to a refund. Vue reserves the right to require the removal of a group of guests in the event that one or more of the group's number are considered to be behaving in an antisocial or disruptive manner. The removal of any guests from the premises may result in the issuance of a letter barring such guests from the premises in the future. Vue reserves the right to report any guest deemed to be exhibiting antisocial or disruptive behaviour to the police for further investigation.
16. One complimentary admission ticket will be issued to a carer of a disabled guest (aged 8+) if the latter holds a valid Cinema Exhibitors’ Association card or can show valid photographic ID connecting the name of the disabled guest to the recipient of one or more of the following: Disability Living Allowance (DLA), Attendance Allowance (AA), Personal Independence Payment (PIP), Armed Forces Independent Payment (AFIP), or is a registered blind person.
17. Guests may not bring any animal on the premises, except guide, hearing and other assistance dogs.
18. Guests may not smoke (including electronic cigarettes or any other artificial cigarettes or smoking devices) within the premises. Anyone found doing so shall be removed from the premises without any entitlement to a refund.
19. Guests may not bring alcohol or illegal substances onto the premises – save that alcohol may be purchased from any licensed bars or licensed screens within the cinema (where available). Alcohol purchased from the licensed bars or screens within the cinema must be consumed within the licensed areas only. Licensing laws shall be strictly enforced.  Anyone who is or appears to be intoxicated shall be removed from the premises immediately without any entitlement to a refund.
20. Guests shall submit to any search by Vue of their persons or possessions before entry to the premises or at any time whilst on the premises. Any guest found or suspected of being in possession of a weapon, drugs or other harmful or illegal substances shall be refused entry and may be reported to the police. Vue reserves the right to confiscate items until the guests in possession of such items leave the premises.
21. Guests must not engage in any conduct towards, or speak to, any Vue staff, agents or other guests in a manner which may offend, insult, intimidate, threaten, disparage or vilify any person on any basis whatsoever. Vue shall, whenever possible, seek to prosecute guests who behave in this way on its premises.
22. Vue will refuse admission to a performance to any guest who, in the opinion of an authorised Vue employee, is under the minimum age required by the BBFC or IFCO classification for that performance and who cannot prove that they are at least the minimum age required. A photocopy of a birth certificate (together with a form of photographic identification connecting the name on the birth certificate to the guest), passport or driving licence is an acceptable form of identification.
23. Guests who are under the age of 12 and who wish to be admitted to the Vue premises after 7.00pm must be accompanied by a guest who is 18 years of age or older. Guests who are under the age of 8 must be accompanied by a guest who is 18 years of age or older at all times. Guests under the age of 18 may not be admitted to any performance commencing on or after 10.30pm, subject to certain exceptions as advertised from time to time.
24. Subject to condition 23 above, a guest shall be granted admission to a performance using a Child ticket for certain performances if he or she is: (i) aged 2 to 12 years inclusive; and (ii) able to produce on request a valid and current form of photographic identification.
25. Subject to condition 23 above, a guest shall be granted admission to a performance using a Teen ticket for certain performances if he or she is (i) aged 13 to 18 years inclusive; and (ii) able to produce on request a valid and current form of photographic identification.
26. Subject to condition 23 above, a guest shall be granted admission to a performance using a Student ticket for certain performances if he or she is: (i) aged 16 years or over; (ii) in part or full-time education; and (iii) able to produce on request a valid and current National Union of Students, Union of Students in Ireland or International Student Identity photographic identification card.
27. A guest shall be granted admission to a performance using a Senior ticket for certain performances if he or she is: (i) aged 60 years or over; and (ii) able to produce on request an older persons bus pass, Senior Railcard or photographic identification card verifying that condition (i) is met.
28. Guests understand that CCTV monitoring takes place on Vue's premises for the purposes of protecting Vue’s staff, guests and property and for the purposes of preventing or detecting crime.
29. Guests agree not to do anything to endanger or jeopardise the safety of another guest or Vue Employee whilst on the premises.  Vue reserves the right to take any and all appropriate action to protect its staff, guests and property including but not limited to banning guests from all or certain cinemas operated by Vue, contacting the police and any taking any necessary legal action) and to recoup or make a claim for any costs incurred.
30. Vue accepts no responsibility for any information displayed on its premises by any third party.
31. All adults must be accompanied by a child when attending a Mini Mornings or a Bring Your Baby performance. For the avoidance of doubt "Adult" includes those purchasing an Adult, Senior or Student ticket.
32. Vue reserves the right to alter or cancel the time or date of any screening without notice.
33. Vue reserves the right to change this Guest Admissions Policy at any time without notice. Such changes will be posted on www.myvue.com. Alternatively guests can obtain a copy of the latest Guest Admissions Policy by contacting Vue Guest Services by telephone (local rates apply) 0345 308 4620 or by email at [email protected]  Nothing in this Guest Admissions Policy shall affect your statutory rights as a consumer.
34. Additional 79p booking fee per ticket applies to tickets purchased online via myvue.com and via our call centre at the following sites:
• Barrow
• Bicester
• Bristol Longwell Green
• Hull
• Norwich
• Portsmouth
35.  Due to the Covid-19 pandemic, until further notice all guests attending a film screening at any Vue cinema are required to provide the name and contact information of the lead guest in their party for the purposes of the NHS Track & Trace initiative.  Further details as to the information required, its storage and its use can be found in our privacy policy.  Vue Entertainment reserves the right to refuse access to (or order the immediate removal of, without any entitlement to a refund) any person who refuses to provide such information in the manner requested, or who is unable to prove the provision of such information to the reasonable satisfaction of cinema staff.
36.  COVID-19.  The safety and wellbeing of our staff and customers is our top priority.  In light of the Covid-19 pandemic, we have implemented social distancing, deep cleaning and other measures in each of its sites to help prevent the spread of the virus.   The specific measures implemented will vary depending on which Vue cinema site you are attending, but will be clearly advertised at the entrance and throughout the building.  These measures have been implemented in line with government and public health guidance, and it is essential for all of our customers to adhere to those requirements which have been put in place in each site.  Vue Entertainment reserves the right to refuse access to (or order the immediate removal of, without any entitlement to a refund) any person who fails or refuses to adhere to social distancing guidelines (or any other Covid-related requirements which are advertised on site), or who fails to comply with any staff request in relation to such matters.
Close
Modern Slavery statement
This statement, made in accordance with section 54 of the Modern Slavery Act 2015, sets out the policies adopted and steps taken by Vue International to:
assess the risk of modern slavery or human trafficking occurring within our business or supply chain;
prevent any instances of modern slavery or human trafficking occurring within our own business;  and
ensure that every supplier with whom we do business is taking appropriate steps to ensure that modern slavery or human trafficking does not occur within their business (or their own supply chain).
In this statement, the term “Vue International” refers to Vue International Holdco Limited and all of its subsidiaries.
Our business, structure and supply chain
Vue International is one of the world's leading cinema operators, managing a number of the most respected brands in major European markets and Taiwan, spanning ten countries, 212 sites and 1,902 screens. The group has leading positions in the United Kingdom, Ireland, Germany, Denmark, Netherlands, Italy, Poland, Latvia, Lithuania and Taiwan.
Each of our brands is operated as a separate business unit, with local management in each jurisdiction reporting to the group head office located in London.
Our suppliers and contractors include providers of food, drinks, uniforms, technical equipment, cleaning and facilities management services, property maintenance and construction services and other professional service providers (such as architects, lawyers, accountants and auditors).
Group policy statement
Vue International does not and will not tolerate modern slavery or human trafficking in any aspect of our business, and holds each of its suppliers to the same zero-tolerance standard (regardless of the nature, scale or jurisdiction of their business).
Supplier diligence
In the financial year ending 30 November 2017 Vue International adopted a revised group procurement policy, which is being rolled out across the group’s operating territories in the 2018 financial year.  The policy requires that, before being engaged to provide any goods or services to any part of our business, any potential supplier must provide us with (among other things):
confirmation that no instance of modern slavery or human trafficking has occurred (or is occurring) within their business;
information about the steps they have taken to ensure that no modern slavery or human trafficking has occurred (or is occurring) within their own supply chain; and
such further information or evidence as we may reasonably request in relation to that potential supplier’s policies and processes in relation to modern slavery or human trafficking.
The information provided will be assessed by our Head of Group Procurement (in the case of group-wide supplier arrangements) or the local Head of Procurement or Head of Retail (in the case of territory-specific supplier arrangements), who will form a view as to whether the potential supplier has appropriate and robust modern slavery and human trafficking policies and procedures in place.  Where necessary, we will request further evidence or information or will arrange for site visits to inspect the manufacturing facilities of individual suppliers.
In the event that we are not able to satisfy ourselves as to the modern slavery and human trafficking policies or procedures of a potential supplier, we will not conduct any business with that supplier.   Were we to discover any evidence, or have cause for suspicion, that any instance of modern slavery or human trafficking has occurred with any of our existing suppliers, we would report this to the appropriate legal authorities.
Where any member of the Vue International group enters into a contract with any supplier for the provision of goods and services, we will always seek to ensure that such contract contains an obligation on the supplier to comply with applicable modern slavery and human trafficking prevention laws and regulations, and to maintain appropriate and robust policies and procedures in that regard.
Supply chain risk analysis
Generally, we consider the risk of modern slavery or human trafficking occurring within our supply chain to be low.  The principal reasons for this are that:
the large majority of our suppliers are large international organisations with comparatively robust and sophisticated prevention and compliance policies (overseen by professional compliance teams) in relation to modern slavery and human trafficking;  and
many of our suppliers operate in industries which receive a relatively high degree of independent regulatory scrutiny (for example, our suppliers in the food and drink supply and manufacturing industry).
If however we identify a supplier (or potential supplier) with higher risk characteristics in relation to modern slavery and human trafficking, they will be subjected to a higher degree of scrutiny as part of the Vue International procurement process.  Characteristics indicating a need for such enhanced scrutiny may include:
the smaller scale of the supplier’s business meaning that their internal policies and processes in relation to modern slavery and human trafficking are less well developed;
the operation of manufacturing or processing facilities by a supplier in countries with higher levels of estimated modern slavery (as determined by the Global Slavery Index 2016); or
a supplier’s reliance on supply chains with considerable geographic or operational complexity, resulting in challenges for consistent application and monitoring of relevant policies.
Effectiveness of the policies and strategies
At no time since its formation has Vue International encountered, or been the subject of any allegations or complaints of, any occurrence of modern slavery or human trafficking within its business or supply chain.
Whilst this is encouraging, we acknowledge that we have a continuing obligation to ensure that our relevant policies and strategies remain fit for purpose as the scale of our business and operations develops over time.
Staff awareness and training
Vue International has adopted a whistle-blowing policy, details of which are available to all members of staff.  This policy details how any member of staff with concerns about a potential issue (including potential occurrences of modern slavery or human trafficking) should bring the matter to the attention of senior management.  This includes an option to raise the matter through a confidential whistle-blowing hotline and email contact address.
One of our policy development goals for the 2018 financial year is to increase awareness of, and engagement in, specific modern slavery and human trafficking issues and risks among our employees.
Whilst we encourage all of our employees to raise any concerns or queries they may have in relation to potential misconduct of any kind, we accept that we could always do more to make our employees aware of the specific role they have in preventing slavery and human trafficking, and helping us to implement our policies and processes in that regard.
Proposals currently under consideration include:
rolling out a program of training sessions (either in person or online) in relation to modern slavery and human trafficking for all new and existing employees;
including information in relation to our employees’ role in relation to modern slavery and human trafficking in new starter induction training; and
increasing the quality and visibility of the modern slavery and human trafficking information available on our group intranet site.
Continuing development
We are constantly looking to update our policies (including modern slavery and human trafficking prevention policies and processes) to reflect the most recent standards of best practice.  Our key goals for the 2018 financial year include:
embedding our revised group procurement policy throughout the Vue International group and ensuring consistent  implementation of this policy in all jurisdictions and business areas;
updating our employee handbook to include details of employees’ specific rights and responsibilities in relation to the prevention of modern slavery and human trafficking;
increasing employee engagement in, and awareness of, their role in preventing modern slavery and human trafficking within our business and supply chain; and
ensuring that all new supplier agreements we enter into contain adequate provision in respect of supplier compliance with modern slavery and human trafficking law and regulation.
Approved for and on behalf of Vue International:
J. Timothy Richards
CEO & Founder
Alison Cornwell
CFO
Steve Knibbs
COO
Close
Website Acceptable Use Policy
This site and Vue websites set out in paragraph 7.2 below (“Site”) are owned by the Vue Group and is operated by Vue Entertainment Limited (together, “Vue”, “we”, us” or “our”). This policy (“Acceptable Use Policy”) sets out the terms between you and us under which you may make use of any feature that allows you to upload material to the Site or to make contact with other users of the Site. This Acceptable Use Policy applies to all users of, and visitors to, the Site. Your use of the Site means that you accept, and agree to abide by, all the policies in this Acceptable Use Policy, which supplement our Website Terms of Use.
Prohibited uses
You may use the Site only for lawful purposes. You may not use the Site:
in any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation;
in any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect;
for the purpose of harming or attempting to harm minors in any way;
to send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with our content standards (below);
to transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam); or
to knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware.
You also agree not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt
any part of the Site;
any equipment or network on which the Site is stored;
any software used in the provision of the Site; or
any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party.
Interactive services
We may from time to time provide interactive services (“Interactive Services”) on the Site, including, without limitation:
live user comments; and
film review forums.
Where we do provide any Interactive Service, it will be moderated by an automated process that will check for abuse of the use of the Site. However, we are under no obligation to oversee, monitor or moderate any Interactive Service we provide on the Site, and we expressly exclude our liability for any loss or damage arising from the use of any Interactive Service by a user in contravention of our content standards, whether the service is moderated or not.
We will do our best to assess any possible risks for users (and in particular, for children & minors) from third parties when they use any Interactive Service provided on the Site. The use of any of our Interactive Services by a minor is subject to the consent of their parent or guardian. We would advise parents who permit their children to use an Interactive Service to communicate with their children about their safety online, as moderation is not foolproof. Children & minors who are using any Interactive Service should be made aware of the potential risks to them by their parents or guardians.
We will provide you with a means of contacting the Site moderator in the event of abuse through the use of a “report abuse” button. Such reports will be subject to manual human moderation.
Content standards
These content standards apply to any and all material which you contribute to the Site (“Contributions”), and to any Interactive Services associated with it.
You must comply with the spirit of the following content standards as well as the letter. The standards apply to each part of any Contribution as well as to its whole.
Contributions must:
be accurate (where they state facts);
be genuinely held (where they state opinions); and
comply with applicable law in the UK and in any country from which they are posted.
Contributions must not:
contain any material which is defamatory of any person;
contain any material which is obscene, offensive, hateful or inflammatory;
promote sexually explicit material;
promote violence;
promote discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age;
infringe any copyright, database right or trade mark of any other person;
be likely to deceive any person;
be made in breach of any legal duty owed to a third party, such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence;
promote any illegal activity;
be threatening, abuse or invade another’s privacy, or cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety;
be likely to harass, upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person;
be used to impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person;
give the impression that they emanate from us, if this is not the case; or
advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act such as (by way of example only) copyright infringement or computer misuse.
Suspension and termination
We will determine, in our discretion, whether there has been a breach of this Acceptable Use Policy through your use of the Site. When a breach of this policy has occurred, we may take such reasonable action as we deem appropriate.
Failure to comply with this Acceptable Use Policy constitutes a material breach of the Website Terms of Use on the basis of which you are permitted to use the Site, and may result in our taking all or any of the following actions:
immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use our site;
immediate, temporary or permanent removal of any posting or material uploaded by you to our site;
issue of a warning to you;
legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach;
further legal action against you; and
disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary.
We exclude liability for actions taken in response to breaches of this acceptable use policy. The responses described in this policy are not limited, and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Vue Entertainment and the Vue Group, and each of their affiliates, employees, officers, agents or partners, from and against any direct or indirect loss or damage (including consequential loss and loss of profits, goodwill or business opportunities) arising from any third party claim in relation to any content you upload on the Site and from any breach of this policy by you.
Changes to the acceptable use policy
We may revise this Acceptable Use Policy at any time. Such changes will be posted on www.myvue.com. Alternatively you can obtain a copy of the latest Acceptable Use Policy by calling Vue Guest Services on 0345 308 4620 (local rates apply) or by emailing [email protected] Some of the provisions contained in this acceptable use policy may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our site.
General
"Vue Group” means Vue Entertainment Limited, its subsidiaries and holdings companies and the subsidiaries of such holding companies (as such terms are defined in s.1159 Companies Act 2006) from time to time.
"Site” means each of Vue’s websites and applications from time to time, including but not limited to:
www.myvue.com (and its sub-domains)
www.facebook.com/vuecinemas
www.twitter.com/vuecinemas
Vue iPhone application
Vue Services Limited (Company Number: 3812286) (VAT Number: 810 3217 83) 10 Chiswick Park 566 Chiswick High Road London W4 5XS
Close
Vue Gift Card Terms & Conditions
1. Vue gift cards (the "Gift Cards") are issued by Vue Entertainment Limited, a company registered in England and Wales under company number 4699504 and whose registered office is at 10 Chiswick Road, 566 Chiswick High Road, London W4 5XS ("Vue"). Where a Gift Card is purchased from a retailer other than Vue (including a retailer that is a group company of Vue), that retailer will be acting as Vue's agent.
2. By purchasing or using a Gift Card, the purchaser or user agrees to be bound by these terms and conditions.
3. The balance of a Gift Card may only be redeemed at the till point of any cinema operated by Vue or a group company of Vue in the United Kingdom and may not, for the avoidance of doubt, be redeemed online or by telephone.
4. The Gift Cards are not cheque guarantee, credit or charge cards.
5. A Gift Card has no value until it has been activated at a till point.
6. The minimum amount of credit that can be loaded onto a Gift Card at any time is £5.
7. The balance of a Gift Card purchased from a retailer or direct from Vue can be topped-up at any cinema operated by Vue or a group company of Vue in the United Kingdom. The maximum amount of credit that can be loaded onto a Gift Card at any time is £100.
8. The balance of a Gift Card cannot be used towards the purchase of another Gift Card.
9. The purchase of cinema tickets and/or refreshments and/or other goods shall be subject to availability. The bearer of a Gift Card shall not be entitled to any preferential rights over other cinema guests.
10. Vue's Guest Admission Policy and Ticket Terms apply to any purchase of tickets and visit to any cinema operated by Vue or a group company of Vue.
11. Gift Cards should be treated as cash. The balance of a Gift Card may be used by anyone presenting it at a cinema operated by Vue or a group company of Vue in the United Kingdom. .Vue accepts no liability for lost, stolen, damaged or altered gift cards.
12. Gift Cards may not be sold, resold or exchanged or used for any other commercial purpose without Vue’s express prior written permission.
13. The balance of a Gift Cards may not be exchanged for cash or credit.
14. The balance of a Gift Card may not be refunded, except in accordance with your statutory rights.
15. The balance of a Gift Card is valid for 12 months from the last transaction which includes activation, a balance enquiry or a purchase.
16. Vue reserves the right to withdraw a Gift Card or cancel the balance of a Gift Card or to take any other action it deems appropriate at any time
17. Any remaining balance of a Gift Card will be forfeited on expiry under condition 15 above or withdrawal or cancellation under condition 16 above.
18. Vue reserves the right to change these terms and conditions at any time without notice to any bearer of a Gift Card. Such changes will be posted on www.myvue.com. A copy of the latest Gift Card terms and conditions may be obtained by contacting Vue Guest Services by telephone (local rates apply) on 0345 308 4620 or by email to [email protected]
19. In the unlikely event of a failure of Vue's IT and communications systems, Vue may be unable to accept Gift Cards as payment during such system failure.
20. Vue's liability to the bearer of a Gift Card in relation to these terms and conditions shall under no circumstances exceed the balance of the Gift Card as at the date the liability arose.
21. Nothing in these terms and conditions shall exclude or limit the liability of Vue for death or personal injury arising out of its negligence or for any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited by law.
22. If any provision, or part of a provision, of these terms and conditions is found by any court or other relevant authority to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, that provision or part-provision will not form part of these terms and conditions but the legality, validity and enforceability of the rest of these terms and conditions will not be affected.
23. These terms and conditions and any disputes or claims arising in connection with them are governed by English law and are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
24. Any general enquiries or queries relating to the Gift Cards should be directed to Vue Guest Services by telephone (local rates apply) on 0345 308 4620 or by email to [email protected]
1. Vue gift cards (the "Gift Cards") are issued by Vue Entertainment Limited, a company registered in England and Wales under company number 4699504 and whose registered office is at 10 Chiswick Road, 566 Chiswick High Road, London W4 5XS ("Vue"). Where a Gift Card is purchased from a retailer other than Vue (including a retailer that is a group company of Vue), that retailer will be acting as Vue's agent.
2. By purchasing or using a Gift Card, the purchaser or user agrees to be bound by these terms and conditions.
3. Currently, the balance of a Gift Card may only be redeemed at the till point of any cinema operated by Vue (or a group company of Vue) in the United Kingdom and may not, for the avoidance of doubt, be redeemed online or by telephone. This may change, at which time these terms and conditions will be updated.
4. Gift Cards should be treated as cash. Gift Cards are not cheque guarantee, credit or charge cards.
5. The Gift Card value is loaded to the Gift Card at the point of purchase.
6. The minimum amount of credit that can be loaded onto a Gift Card at any time is £5.
7. The balance of a Gift Card purchased direct from Vue only can be topped-up at any cinema operated by Vue (or a group company of Vue) in the United Kingdom. The maximum amount of credit that can be loaded onto a Gift Card at any time is £100 at a cinema operated by Vue and £200 if purchased online from Vue.
8. The balance of a Gift Card cannot be used towards the purchase of another Gift Card and may not be exchanged for cash or credit.
9. The purchase of cinema tickets and/or refreshments and/or other itemsshall be subject to availability. The bearer of a Gift Card shall not be entitled to any preferential rights over other cinema guests.
10. Vue's Guest Admissions Policy and Ticket Terms apply to any purchase of tickets and visit to any cinema operated by Vue (or a group company of Vue).
11. Vue accepts no liability for lost, stolen, damaged or altered Gift Cards.
12. Gift Cards may not be sold, resold or exchanged or used for any commercial purpose without Vue’s express prior written permission.
13. The balance of aGift Card can be used in full or partial transactions in conjunction with cash or another Gift Card.
14. The balance of a Gift Card is valid for 12 months from the date of the last transaction which includes the original purchase of the Gift Card, topping up the Gift Card or a purchase of tickets or items using the Gift Card. A balance enquiry does not constitute a transaction.
15. Any remaining balance of a Gift Card will be forfeited on expiry of the 12 month period as set out inparagraph14.
16. The balance of a Gift Card may not be refunded, except where you purchase the Gift Card online and exercise your right of return in accordance with paragraph 17.
17. Where you have purchased a Gift Card online directly from Vue, you have the right to request a refund from the moment you place your order until 14 days after you receive the Gift Card provided that:
a. you notify Vue Guest Servicesthat you wish to return the Gift Card by emailto [email protected]; and
b. provide to Vue relevant details relating to the Gift Card which include the Gift Card number, the Gift Card PIN (where applicable) and proof of purchase of the Gift Card (including method of payment) to Vue’s reasonable satisfaction.
Any refunds issued pursuant to this clause 17 shall be refunded back to the original method of payment
18. Where a Gift Card is purchased online from a retailer other than Vue, please contact the appropriate retailer regarding their refund policy.
19. Vue reserves the right to change these terms and conditions at any time without notice to any bearer of a Gift Card. Changes will be posted on www.myvue.com. A copy of the latest Gift Card terms and conditions may be obtained by contacting Vue Guest Services by telephone on 0345 308 4620 or by email to [email protected]
20. In the unlikely event of a failure of Vue's IT and communications systems, Vue may be unable to accept Gift Cards as payment during such system failure.
21. Vue's liability to the bearer of a Gift Card in relation to these terms and conditions shall under no circumstances exceed the balance of the Gift Card as at the date the liability arose.
22. Nothing in these terms and conditions shall exclude or limit the liability of Vue for death or personal injury arising out of its negligence or for any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited by law.
23. If any provision, or part of a provision, of these terms and conditions is found by any court or other relevant authority to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, that provision or part-provision will not form part of these terms and conditions but the legality, validity and enforceability of the rest of these terms and conditions will not be affected.
24. These terms and conditions and any disputes or claims arising in connection with them are governed by English law. These terms and conditions are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales, unless you live in Scotland or Northern Ireland in which case you can bring legal proceedings in respect of the Gift Card in either the Scottish, Northern Irish or the English courts (as applicable).
25. Any general enquiries or queries relating to the Gift Cards should be directed to Vue Guest Services by telephone on 0345 308 4620 or by email to [email protected] If your enquiry relates to aparticularGift Card, please include the Gift Card number in any correspondence.
Close
Book online from £4.99, buy in venue from £5.99
Book online from £4.99, buy in venue from £5.99
Standard seat tickets for selected Super Saver screenings are available for purchase for £4.99 via the Vue app or myvue.com, and for £5.99 if purchased at a till or ATM at the venue.  These prices apply to the following Vue sites:
• Vue Aberdeen
• Vue Accrington
• Vue Bedford
• Vue Birkenhead
• Vue Blackburn
• Vue Bristol Cribbs
• Vue Bury The Rock
• Vue Cardiff
• Vue Carlisle
• Vue Carmarthen
• Vue Cleveleys
• Vue Cramlington
• Vue Cwmbran
• Vue Dagenham
• Vue Darlington
• Vue Doncaster
• Vue Eastleigh
• Vue Edinburgh Omni
• Vue Farnborough
• Vue Gateshead
• Vue Glasgow Fort
• Vue Halifax
• Vue Hamilton
• Vue Hartlepool
• Vue Inverness
• Vue Lancaster
• Vue Leamington Spa
• Vue Leeds Kirkstall
• Vue Leeds Light
• Vue Leicester
• Vue Livingston
• Vue Manchester Printworks
• Vue Merthyr
• Vue Northampton
• Vue Oxford
• Vue Plymouth
• Vue Reading
• Vue Redditch
• Vue Rhyl
• Vue Romford
• Vue Scunthorpe
• Vue Sheffield
• Vue Southport
• Vue Star City
• Vue Stirling
• Vue Swansea
• Vue Thanet
• Vue Thurrock
• Vue Torbay
• Vue York
Higher prices will apply for screenings at these sites which are not selected by Vue as Super Saver screenings.
Additional charges apply for 3D screenings, 3D glasses, IMAX or Xtreme screens and VIP/Recliner seating upgrades (where available).
Ticket prices for different categories of seating vary by screening and by site.
Prices for each class are displayed on price lists in cinema and at www.myvue.com. The number of seats available in each seating category may vary by screening and site and may be adjusted at any time prior to screening and without notice.
A 79p booking fee is included in the ticket price for the locations listed above. The total amount payable will be displayed as the headline ticket price inclusive of the booking fee. By sending a request to book tickets, you agree to pay the booking fee incorporated in the headline ticket price.
An 79p booking fee is additional for tickets purchased online or via the contact centre applies for the locations listed below:
• Vue Barrow
• Vue Bristol Longwell Green
• Vue Hull
• Vue Norwich
• Vue Portsmouth
The price of a ticket shall be as stated at the time of purchase.  Vue reserves the right to change prices at any time and without notice.
Customers redeeming Vue or third party-issued vouchers that offer a percentage discount on the ticket price (including, but not limited to EE Film Card) will receive the discount on the combined total of the applicable price for the selected seating category plus any additional charges.
The quoted price offer is not valid in conjunction with the following ticket packages/screenings:
1 - Big Screen Events including but not limited to live, encore and recorded screenings of Comedy, Dance (including ballet), Events, Family Animation, Film Festivals, Innovation (such as lectures/talks), Knowledge (such as documentaries), Limited Releases, Music, Opera, Re-Releases, Special Previews, Sport, Theatre and TV.
2 - Premieres
3 - Special events
4 - Private screenings
5 - Mini Mornings
6 - Parent and Baby screenings
7 - Last Chance to See
8 - Our Screen
9 - Senior Screenings
10 - Movie Marathons (multiple films for one price)
11 - All Inclusive Family Package
12 - Scene Performances
13 - Gold Class
14 - IMAX Screenings
15 - Scene bar upgrades at Manchester Printworks
16 - Any other screenings which Vue shall determine to be excluded under this Promotion
This offer is subject to availability, and there is no cash alternative.
Vue reserves the right to withdraw or amend this offer at any time.
Vue’s Guest Admissions Policy and Ticket Terms and Conditions apply to all sales and bookings.
Promoter: Vue Entertainment Limited, 10 Chiswick Park, 566 Chiswick High Road, London W4 5XS
Close
Book online from £5.99, buy in venue from £6.99
Book online from £5.99, buy in venue from £6.99
Standard seat tickets for selected Super Saver screenings are available for purchase for £5.99 via the Vue app or myvue.com, and for £6.99 if purchased at a till or ATM at the venue.  These prices apply to the following Vue sites:
• Vue Camberley
• Vue Croydon Purley Way
• Vue Edinburgh Ocean
• Vue Finchley North
• Vue Harrow
• Vue Staines
• Vue Wood Green
Higher prices will apply for screenings at these sites which are not selected by Vue as Super Saver screenings.
Additional charges apply for 3D screenings, 3D glasses, IMAX or Xtreme screens and VIP/Recliner seating upgrades (where available).
Ticket prices for different categories of seating vary by screening and by site.
Prices for each class are displayed on price lists in cinema and at www.myvue.com. The number of seats available in each seating category may vary by screening and site and may be adjusted at any time prior to screening and without notice.
A 79p booking fee is included in the ticket price for the locations listed above. The total amount payable will be displayed as the headline ticket price inclusive of the booking fee. By sending a request to book tickets, you agree to pay the booking fee incorporated in the headline ticket price.
An 79p booking fee is additional for tickets purchased online or via the contact centre applies for the locations listed below:
• Vue Bicester
The price of a ticket shall be as stated at the time of purchase.  Vue reserves the right to change prices at any time and without notice.
Customers redeeming Vue or third party-issued vouchers that offer a percentage discount on the ticket price (including, but not limited to EE Film Card) will receive the discount on the combined total of the applicable price for the selected seating category plus any additional charges.
The quoted price offer is not valid in conjunction with the following ticket packages/screenings:
1 - Big Screen Events including but not limited to live, encore and recorded screenings of Comedy, Dance (including ballet), Events, Family Animation, Film Festivals, Innovation (such as lectures/talks), Knowledge (such as documentaries), Limited Releases, Music, Opera, Re-Releases, Special Previews, Sport, Theatre and TV.
2 - Premieres
3 - Special events
4 - Private screenings
5 - Mini Mornings
6 - Parent and Baby screenings
7 - Last Chance to See
8 - Our Screen
9 - Senior Screenings
10 - Movie Marathons (multiple films for one price)
11 - All Inclusive Family Package
12 - Scene Performances
13 - Gold Class
14 - IMAX Screenings
15 - Scene bar upgrades at Manchester Printworks
16 - Any other screenings which Vue shall determine to be excluded under this Promotion
This offer is subject to availability, and there is no cash alternative.
Vue reserves the right to withdraw or amend this offer at any time.
Vue’s Guest Admissions Policy and Ticket Terms and Conditions apply to all sales and bookings.
Promoter: Vue Entertainment Limited, 10 Chiswick Park, 566 Chiswick High Road, London W4 5XS
Close
Book online from £6.99, buy in venue from £7.99
Book online from £6.99, buy in venue from £7.99
Standard seat tickets for selected Super Saver screenings are available for purchase for £6.99 via the Vue app or myvue.com, and for £7.99 if purchased at a till or ATM at the venue.  These prices apply to the following Vue sites:
• Vue Basingstoke Festival Place
• Vue Bolton
• Vue Bromley
• Vue Cambridge
• Vue Cheshire Oaks
• Vue Croydon Grants
• Vue Eltham
• Vue Exeter
• Vue Finchley Road
• Vue Fulham Broadway
• Vue Islington
• Vue Manchester Red
• Vue Newbury
• Vue Newcastle UL
• Vue Piccadilly
• Vue Preston
• Vue Shepherds Bush
• Vue Stroud
• Vue Watford
• Vue West End
• Vue Westfield
• Vue Westfield Stratford
• Vue Worcester
Higher prices will apply for screenings at these sites which are not selected by Vue as Super Saver screenings.
Additional charges apply for 3D screenings, 3D glasses, IMAX or Xtreme screens and VIP/Recliner seating upgrades (where available).
Ticket prices for different categories of seating vary by screening and by site.
Prices for each class are displayed on price lists in cinema and at www.myvue.com. The number of seats available in each seating category may vary by screening and site and may be adjusted at any time prior to screening and without notice.
A 79p booking fee is included in the ticket price. The total amount payable will be displayed as the headline ticket price inclusive of the booking fee. By sending a request to book tickets, you agree to pay the booking fee incorporated in the headline ticket price.
The price of a ticket shall be as stated at the time of purchase.  Vue reserves the right to change prices at any time and without notice.
Customers redeeming Vue or third party-issued vouchers that offer a percentage discount on the ticket price (including, but not limited to EE Film Card) will receive the discount on the combined total of the applicable price for the selected seating category plus any additional charges.
The quoted price offer is not valid in conjunction with the following ticket packages/screenings:
1 - Big Screen Events including but not limited to live, encore and recorded screenings of Comedy, Dance (including ballet), Events, Family Animation, Film Festivals, Innovation (such as lectures/talks), Knowledge (such as documentaries), Limited Releases, Music, Opera, Re-Releases, Special Previews, Sport, Theatre and TV.
2 - Premieres
3 - Special events
4 - Private screenings
5 - Mini Mornings
6 - Parent and Baby screenings
7 - Last Chance to See
8 - Our Screen
9 - Senior Screenings
10 - Movie Marathons (multiple films for one price)
11 - All Inclusive Family Package
12 - Scene Performances
13 - Gold Class
14 - IMAX Screenings
15 - Scene bar upgrades at Manchester Printworks
16 - Any other screenings which Vue shall determine to be excluded under this Promotion
This offer is subject to availability, and there is no cash alternative.
Vue reserves the right to withdraw or amend this offer at any time.
Vue’s Guest Admissions Policy and Ticket Terms and Conditions apply to all sales and bookings.
Promoter: Vue Entertainment Limited, 10 Chiswick Park, 566 Chiswick High Road, London W4 5XS
Close
Book online from €4.99, buy in venue from €5.99
Book online from €4.99, buy in venue from €5.99
Standard seat tickets for selected Super Saver screenings are available for purchase for €4.99 via the Vue app or myvue.com, and for €5.99 if purchased at a till or ATM at the venue.  These prices apply to the following Vue sites:
• Vue Ashbourne
• Vue Limerick
Higher prices will apply for screenings at these sites which are not selected by Vue as Super Saver screenings.
Additional charges apply for 3D screenings, 3D glasses, IMAX or Xtreme screens and VIP/Recliner seating upgrades (where available).
Ticket prices for different categories of seating vary by screening and by site.
Prices for each class are displayed on price lists in cinema and at www.myvue.com. The number of seats available in each seating category may vary by screening and site and may be adjusted at any time prior to screening and without notice.
A €0.79c booking fee is included in the ticket price. The total amount payable will be displayed as the headline ticket price inclusive of the booking fee. By sending a request to book tickets, you agree to pay the booking fee incorporated in the headline ticket price.
The price of a ticket shall be as stated at the time of purchase.  Vue reserves the right to change prices at any time and without notice.
Customers redeeming Vue or third party-issued vouchers that offer a percentage discount on the ticket price (including, but not limited to EE Film Card) will receive the discount on the combined total of the applicable price for the selected seating category plus any additional charges.
The quoted price offer is not valid in conjunction with the following ticket packages/screenings:
1 - Big Screen Events including but not limited to live, encore and recorded screenings of Comedy, Dance (including ballet), Events, Family Animation, Film Festivals, Innovation (such as lectures/talks), Knowledge (such as documentaries), Limited Releases, Music, Opera, Re-Releases, Special Previews, Sport, Theatre and TV.
2 - Premieres
3 - Special events
4 - Private screenings
5 - Mini Mornings
6 - Parent and Baby screenings
7 - Last Chance to See
8 - Our Screen
9 - Senior Screenings
10 - Movie Marathons (multiple films for one price)
11 - All Inclusive Family Package
12 - Scene Performances
13 - Gold Class
14 - IMAX Screenings
15 - Scene bar upgrades at Manchester Printworks
16 - Any other screenings which Vue shall determine to be excluded under this Promotion
This offer is subject to availability, and there is no cash alternative.
Vue reserves the right to withdraw or amend this offer at any time.
Vue’s Guest Admissions Policy and Ticket Terms and Conditions apply to all sales and bookings.
Promoter: Vue Entertainment Limited, 10 Chiswick Park, 566 Chiswick High Road, London W4 5XS
Close
Book online from €6.99, buy in venue from €7.99
Book online from €6.99, buy in venue from €7.99
Standard seat tickets for selected Super Saver screenings are available for purchase for €6.99 via the Vue app or myvue.com, and for €7.99 if purchased at a till or ATM at the venue.  These prices apply to the following Vue sites:
• Vue Dublin
Higher prices will apply for screenings at these sites which are not selected by Vue as Super Saver screenings.
Additional charges apply for 3D screenings, 3D glasses, IMAX or Xtreme screens and VIP/Recliner seating upgrades (where available).
Ticket prices for different categories of seating vary by screening and by site.
Prices for each class are displayed on price lists in cinema and at www.myvue.com. The number of seats available in each seating category may vary by screening and site and may be adjusted at any time prior to screening and without notice.
A €0.79c booking fee is included in the ticket price. The total amount payable will be displayed as the headline ticket price inclusive of the booking fee. By sending a request to book tickets, you agree to pay the booking fee incorporated in the headline ticket price.
The price of a ticket shall be as stated at the time of purchase.  Vue reserves the right to change prices at any time and without notice.
Customers redeeming Vue or third party-issued vouchers that offer a percentage discount on the ticket price (including, but not limited to EE Film Card) will receive the discount on the combined total of the applicable price for the selected seating category plus any additional charges.
The quoted price offer is not valid in conjunction with the following ticket packages/screenings:
1 - Big Screen Events including but not limited to live, encore and recorded screenings of Comedy, Dance (including ballet), Events, Family Animation, Film Festivals, Innovation (such as lectures/talks), Knowledge (such as documentaries), Limited Releases, Music, Opera, Re-Releases, Special Previews, Sport, Theatre and TV.
2 - Premieres
3 - Special events
4 - Private screenings
5 - Mini Mornings
6 - Parent and Baby screenings
7 - Last Chance to See
8 - Our Screen
9 - Senior Screenings
10 - Movie Marathons (multiple films for one price)
11 - All Inclusive Family Package
12 - Scene Performances
13 - Gold Class
14 - IMAX Screenings
15 - Scene bar upgrades at Manchester Printworks
16 - Any other screenings which Vue shall determine to be excluded under this Promotion
This offer is subject to availability, and there is no cash alternative.
Vue reserves the right to withdraw or amend this offer at any time.
Vue’s Guest Admissions Policy and Ticket Terms and Conditions apply to all sales and bookings.
Promoter: Vue Entertainment Limited, 10 Chiswick Park, 566 Chiswick High Road, London W4 5XS
Close
General Competition and Prize Draw Terms & Conditions
Specific terms and conditions will apply to most Vue prize draws and competitions. However, in the event that no specific terms and conditions apply, by entering a Vue prize draw or competition, you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions:
The promoter is Vue Entertainment Limited, 10 Chiswick Park, 566 Chiswick High Road, London W4 5XS.
By entering this promotion, you agree to be bound by these rules.
Winners will usually be notified either by email, telephone or post within 28 days of the notified closing date.
The judge’s decision is final. No correspondence will be entered into.
Prizes are as stated and are non-transferable.
No cash alternatives will be offered. The Promoter reserves the right to award a substitute prize of an equal or greater value where the stated prize becomes unavailable.
No responsibility can be accepted for entries lost, delayed, misdirected, damaged or undelivered. Incomplete, inaudible and/or illegible entries will be disqualified. The promoter shall not be responsible for technical errors in telecommunications networks, internet access or otherwise preventing entry to any competition or prize draw.
Where prizes include trips, travel will take place in accordance with the dates and restrictions specified and unless otherwise stated must be taken within twelve months of the competition or prize draw closing date, subject to availability and excluding public holidays.
The promoter shall not be liable for any failure or delay in performing its obligations to the winners and any guests if such delay or failure is caused by circumstances beyond its reasonable control. Neither shall the promoter be liable to the winners and any guests for any loss or damage caused, save for death or personal injury caused by the promoter or fraud by the promoter.
Entrants may be required to participate in reasonable competition-related publicity without further consent or payment, such publicity including, without limitation, the entrant’s name, entry or any information provided by the entrant. Unless stated otherwise in any specific competition terms and conditions, no entrants, winners or their guests shall be obliged to take part in any photo publicity without their prior consent.
Any personal information collected by the promoter in connection with a competition will be used in accordance with the promoter’s privacy policy.
A list of winners for each prize draw or competition can be obtained by sending a stamped addressed envelope together with details of which prize draw or competition winners list your require to the promoter within 30 days from the relevant closing date.
The prize draw or competition and these terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and the courts of England shall have exclusive jurisdiction in relation to any disputes arising therefrom.
Entrants must be 15 or over or have permission from a guardian, and they must reside within the UK and Ireland.
Close
Vitality Promotion Terms & Conditions
1. Maximum of one ticket every fortnight for each person on your Vitality plan at any Vue cinema in the UK, during your Vitality plan year membership.
2. Vitality codes are not valid for premieres, event cinema, alternative content and special screenings. Codes are valid for Mini Morning screenings. Upgrades for all screenings at Vue Leicester Square, 3D, Xtreme, IMAX and VIP and Recliner seats are available at Vue for an additional cost. Upgrades can be booked online and at the cinema, 3D glasses will also incur an additional cost.
3. Once you have your code you'll need to use it to book your cinema ticket by the end of the Sunday 14 days from the start of the redemption period. Each active week runs from Monday to midnight on Sunday. For example, a member active in consecutive weeks 1 and 2 will be able to generate a code from Monday of week 3, which expires at the end of Sunday of week 4 and has the same expiry date regardless of when in the fortnight the code was generated. If you don't reach the points target in week 1 but hit it in weeks 2 and 3, a code can be generated from the Monday of week 4, which is valid until the Sunday of week 5. Tickets for each film showing are subject to availability.
4. You'll need to collect your cinema tickets from the Vue box-office. If you have pre-booked on the Vue website, you’ll need to take your booking reference and your Vitality membership number with you. If you haven’t pre-booked, you’ll need your cinema codes and your Vitality membership number.
5. Vitality cinema ticket codes can only be used by Vitality members. In absolutely no circumstances can ticket codes be sold or gifted to third parties by a Vitality member.
6. Vue’s Guest Admissions Policy and Ticket Terms apply, please see www.myvue.com/legal
7. For details of our privacy policy go to www.myvue.com/privacy
8. Promoter: Vue Entertainment Limited, 10 Chiswick Park, 566 Chiswick High Road, London W4 5XS
Close
Club Lloyds Terms & Conditions
1. If you select cinema as your Lifestyle Benefit, the Administrator will use the postcode originally provided to Lloyds Bank to identify your nearest Cinema Supplier. You will have ability to manually change the allocated Cinema Supplier within the timeframe stipulated within your Welcome or Renewal Letter or Email. Your final choice must be communicated to the Administrator no later than the final date outlined in your Welcome Letter or Email for new customers or Renewal Letter or Email for Renewal customers. Otherwise you will be allocated your nearest cinema Supplier (for new Customers) or be deemed to have chosen the same benefit and Supplier for the following benefit year (for Renewal customers).
2. This voucher can be exchanged for a 2D admission ticket to any Vue Cinema in the UK (excluding Gold Class, Premiere seating, 3D, Special, Alternative, Event Cinema screenings, Over 18’s Screenings, Scene Westfield, and Xtreme Screenings), and can be upgraded to a VIP ticket at no extra charge. VIP seating is a complimentary upgrade, subject to availability.
3. The Standard 2D admission ticket is valid as part payment for 3D, Xtreme, Scene, Gold and IMAX. Upgrades to 3D, Xtreme, Scene, Gold and IMAX are available on payment of the difference in cost between Standard adult price for the upgraded experience and standard Adult 2D admission.
4. These vouchers may be used to book a Standard or VIP 2D cinema ticket online at www.myvue.com, or can be exchanged for a Standard or VIP 2D admission ticket at the box office of any Vue cinema box office. These vouchers may not be used to reserve an admission ticket by telephone.
5. Club Lloyds vouchers cannot be used for Event Cinema screenings, including: NT Live, ROH Live, RSC, Met Opera, Bolshoi, Theatre, Special Events and Bollywood.
6. Please note that due to Vue's advance booking policy the film and performance you wish to attend may be sold out and seats might not be available. The holder is not entitled to any preferential right over other cinema patrons.
7. These vouchers must be used at the time of exchange for any one regularly scheduled film performance subject to availability.
8. Each voucher can only be exchanged for one admission ticket.
9. These vouchers may not be combined with any other ticket offer. They may not be used for premieres or special events.
10. These vouchers are for personal use, may not be exchanged for use at a later date nor may they be exchanged for cash or merchandise or otherwise transferred to any third party for commercial gain.
11. These vouchers expire on the expiration dates allocated.
12. These vouchers are not subject to any time extensions.
13. These vouchers may not be re-sold. Each voucher can only be used once and will expire on redemption.
14. Film classification rules apply. ID may be required.
15. The Cinema Manager's decision is final.
16. The Administrator aims to dispatch vouchers within 3 working days by post and 3 working days by email.
17. If you wish to purchase 3D glasses at the cinema, there will be an additional charge.
18. For any lost or stolen vouchers, please contact the Club Lloyds helpdesk on 0345 3030303 (+441733 462224 if calling from abroad). Any lost or stolen vouchers will only be re-issued twice.
19. Vue reserves the right to amend these terms and conditions at any time and without notice. Such changes will be posted on www.myvue.com. Alternatively you can obtain a copy of the latest terms by calling Vue Guest Services on 0345 308 4620 (local rates apply) or by emailing [email protected]
20. These terms and conditions and any related disputes are subject to interpretation under the laws of England and Wales, and to the jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Close
3 for £10.99 food and drink offer
Participating Vue Cinemas: Aberdeen, Accrington, Barrow, Birkenhead, Cardiff, Carlisle, Carmarthen, Cwmbran, Darlington, Edinburgh Ocean, Gateshead, Hartlepool, Hull, Lancaster, Leeds Kirkstall, Leeds Light, Manchester Printworks, Merthyr, Newcastle Under Lyme, Redditch, Rhyl, Scunthorpe, Stirling, Swansea, Torbay and Worcester.
Purchase three (3) regular sized food and/or beverage items at the same time from our qualifying* food and beverage products offered at our participating cinemas listed above in a single transaction and you will only pay £10.99 (the “Offer”).
Also included in this Offer at participating cinemas are our Snackit, Kids Combo and The Collection combos, pints of draft beer and/or cider and wines sold by the glass each of which count as a single qualifying product for the purposes of this Offer. Other combo products are excluded from this Offer.
Customers can upgrade their purchases of regular sized products to a large size (if available for purchase) for an additional £1 per Offer. Customers can upgrade the soft drink in the Snack It Combo to Tango Ice Blast for an additional £1. An additional charge (charge varies according to cup size) will be charged for Coca Cola Classic soft drinks – 10p for Kids 12oz and Junior Snack it 16oz, 15p for Regular 22oz, and 20p for Large 32oz.
*The following products are not included in this Offer:
Extra toppings including (but not limited to) Nachos and Ben & Jerry’s toppings.
Milkshake toppings.
Pick N’ Mix.
Any merchandising products such as popcorn tins, drinks cups and toppers, toys, clothing, books and posters.
Standard sized bottles of wine and/or Prosecco.
This Offer is valid in conjunction with the All Inclusive Family Package and Last Chance To See packages. It is not valid in conjunction with any other food or beverage offer, promotion or discount scheme.
Vue reserves the right to limit the Offer to one Offer purchase per customer per visit.
This Offer is made subject to availability.
There is no cash alternative and Vue reserves the right to withdraw or amend this Offer at any time.
Any returns are subject to Vue’s returns policy from time to time in operation, with the restriction that, if you return qualifying products, to the extent that you no longer meet the eligibility conditions of this Offer then Vue reserves the right to deduct the value of the benefit of this Offer from any refund due to you.
All sales of alcoholic beverages will be subject to Vue’s Challenge 25 policy.
Close
3 For £9.99 at Vue Bristol Cribbs Promotion Terms and Conditions
Purchase three (3) items displayed on the free standing display units in a single transaction from Vue Bristol Cribbs and you will only pay £9.99 (the “Offer”).
Also included in this Offer are our Snackit and Kids Combo combos which also count as a single qualifying product for the purposes of this Offer. Customers can upgrade their purchases of regular sized products to a large size (if available for purchase) for an additional £1 per Offer. Customers can upgrade the soft drink in the Snack It Combo to Tango Ice Blast for an additional £1. An additional charge (charge varies according to cup size) will be charged for Coca Cola Classic soft drinks – 10p for Kids 12oz and Junior Snack it 16oz, 15p for Regular 22oz, and 20p for Large 32oz.
*The following products are not included in this Offer:
The following products are not included in this Offer:
Milkshakes and toppings
Ben & Jerry’s products (including without limitation any Ben and Jerry’s toppings)
All products from the Pizza Hut Express counter
All products from the Square Pie counter
Nachos and toppings
Hot dogs
Tubs of popcorn. For the avoidance of doubt, sealed bags of popcorn are included in this Offer
Wine by the glass and standard sized bottles of wine and/or Prosecco
Draft beer and/or cider
Spirits/Liqueurs and Mixers sold at the Bar
Fountain soft drinks from the Freestyle self-serve area or from the Bar
Pick ‘N’ Mix
Krispy Kreme
Tango Ice Blast
Lavazza coffee
Any merchandising products such as popcorn tins, drinks cups and toppers, toys, clothing, books and posters.
This Offer is valid in conjunction with the All Inclusive Family Package and Last Chance To See packages. It is not valid in conjunction with any other food or beverage offer, promotion or discount scheme.
Vue reserves the right to limit the Offer to one Offer purchase per customer per visit.
This Offer is made subject to availability.
There is no cash alternative and Vue reserves the right to withdraw or amend this Offer at any time.
Any returns are subject to Vue’s returns policy from time to time in operation, with the restriction that, if you return qualifying products, to the extent that you no longer meet the eligibility conditions of this Offer then Vue reserves the right to deduct the value of the benefit of this Offer from any refund due to you.
All sales of alcoholic beverages will be subject to Vue’s Challenge 25 policy.
Close
3 for £11.99 food and drink offer
Participating Vue Cinemas: Bicester, Birmingham Star City, Bury, Eastleigh, Edinburgh Omni, Hamilton, Livingston, Northampton, Norwich, Plymouth and Wood Green.
Purchase three (3) regular sized food and/or beverage items at the same time from our qualifying* food and beverage products offered at our participating cinemas listed above in a single transaction and you will only pay £11.99 (the “Offer”).
Also included in this Offer at participating cinemas are our Snackit, Kids Combo and The Collection combos, pints of draft beer and/or cider and wines sold by the glass each of which count as a single qualifying product for the purposes of this Offer. Other combo products are excluded from this Offer.
Customers can upgrade their purchases of regular sized products to a large size (if available for purchase) for an additional £1 per Offer. Customers can upgrade the soft drink in the Snack It Combo to Tango Ice Blast for an additional £1. An additional charge (charge varies according to cup size) will be charged for Coca Cola Classic soft drinks – 10p for Kids 12oz and Junior Snack it 16oz, 15p for Regular 22oz, and 20p for Large 32oz.
*The following products are not included in this Offer:
Extra toppings including (but not limited to) Nachos and Ben & Jerry’s toppings.
Milkshake toppings.
Pick N’ Mix.
Any merchandising products such as popcorn tins, drinks cups and toppers, toys, clothing, books and posters.
Standard sized bottles of wine and/or Prosecco.
This Offer is valid in conjunction with the All Inclusive Family Package and Last Chance To See packages. It is not valid in conjunction with any other food or beverage offer, promotion or discount scheme.
Vue reserves the right to limit the Offer to one Offer purchase per customer per visit.
This Offer is made subject to availability.
There is no cash alternative and Vue reserves the right to withdraw or amend this Offer at any time.
Any returns are subject to Vue’s returns policy from time to time in operation, with the restriction that, if you return qualifying products, to the extent that you no longer meet the eligibility conditions of this Offer then Vue reserves the right to deduct the value of the benefit of this Offer from any refund due to you.
All sales of alcoholic beverages will be subject to Vue’s Challenge 25 policy.
Close
Hold Student App Popcorn Terms and Conditions
1. Receive a free regular box of popcorn when you present a ticket purchased at a participating Vue  or online, for a film showing at the Vue  in question on the same day, together with a valid Hold voucher (the “Voucher”) on your Hold app (the “Offer”).
2. This Offer is valid at all Vue venues in the United Kingdom and Ireland (excluding Vue West End).
3. This Offer is open to customers who are 18 years or over. Employees and their immediate families (parents, spouse, partner, children, siblings, grandparents and grandchildren) of Hold or Vue, and anyone professionally connected with this Offer are not eligible to enter.
4. This Offer starts on Monday 15 January 2018 and ends on Monday 15 June 2020.
5. Only one Voucher may be redeemed per customer, per day.
6. The Voucher is valid for 13 days from the start of the calendar week in which the Voucher is issued.
7. Vue reserves the right to reject forged Vouchers.
8. Vue’s decision is final in all matters relating to the Offer.
9. This Offer is not valid in conjunction with any other food or beverage offer, food or beverage promotion , or food or beverage discount scheme.
10. This Offer is subject to availability.
11. Vue reserves the right to terminate or temporarily suspend this Offer in the event of technical or other difficulties that might compromise its integrity but will always endeavour to minimise the effect on customers.
12. There is no cash alternative and Vue reserves the right to withdraw or amend this Offer at any time.
13. Admission to Vue  is subject to Vue’s Guest Admissions Policy, and Vue’s Online and Offline Ticket Terms and Conditions apply (see https://www.myvue.com/legal/terms-and-conditions).
14. This Offer, these terms and conditions, and any matter arising out of or in connection with them shall be governed by English law and shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
15. The promoter is Vue Entertainment Limited, 10 Chiswick Park, 566 Chiswick High Road, London W4 5XS.
Close
Hold Student App Ticket Terms and Conditions
1. Receive one £4.99 Vue ticket voucher (“Ticket”) when you use a valid Hold voucher (the “Voucher”) to redeem a Ticket at www.myvue.com or on the Vue app (the “Offer”).
2. This Offer is valid at all Vue venues in the United Kingdom and Ireland (excluding Vue West End).
3. This Offer is open to customers who are 18 years or over. Employees and their immediate families (parents, spouse, partner, children, siblings, grandparents and grandchildren) of Hold or Vue, and anyone professionally connected with this Offer are not eligible to enter.
4. This Offer starts on Friday 19 January 2018 and ends on Monday 15 June 2020.
5. Only one Ticket may be redeemed per customer, per day.
6. The Voucher is valid for 13 days from the start of the calendar week in which the Voucher is issued (the “Validity Period”).
7. Tickets can only be used for showings taking place during the Validity Period.
8. Vue reserves the right to reject forged Tickets.
9. Vue’s decision is final in all matters relating to the Offer.
10. This Offer is not valid in conjunction with any other ticket offer, ticket promotion, or ticket discount scheme.
11. This voucher does not guarantee a saving on all ticket types or at all Vue venues. Check individual prices online to see if the Ticket offers a saving.
12. The £4.99 price of the Ticket includes a £0.79 booking fee. You will pay a total of £4.99 only per Ticket. Additional charges apply for films shown in IMAX or Xtreme screens, 3D screenings, 3D glasses and VIP seating upgrades.
13. This Offer is not valid for the following ticket packages/screenings:
•Mini Mornings
• Last Chance to See
• Our Screen
• Senior Screenings
• Super Monday or Tuesday
• Movie Marathons (multiple films for one price)
• First Choice Big Screen Family Package
• Big Screen Events including live, encore and recorded screenings of Anime, Comedy, Dance, Events, Family Animation, Film Festivals, Innovation (such as lectures/talks), Knowledge (such as documentaries), Limited Releases, Music , Opera, Re-Releases, Special Previews, Sport, Theatre and TV.
14. This Offer is subject to availability.
15. Vue reserves the right to terminate or temporarily suspend this Offer in the event of technical or other difficulties that might compromise its integrity but will always endeavour to minimise the effect on customers.
16. There is no cash alternative and Vue reserves the right to withdraw or amend this Offer at any time.
17. Admission to Vue venues is subject to Vue’s Guest Admissions Policy, and Vue’s Online and Offline Ticket Terms and Conditions apply (see https://www.myvue.com/legal/terms-and-conditions).
18. This Offer, these terms and conditions, and any matter arising out of or in connection with them shall be governed by English law and shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
19. The promoter is Vue Entertainment Limited, 10 Chiswick Park, 566 Chiswick High Road, London W4 5XS.
Close
EE Film Card Terms and Conditions
EE Film Card (your 'card') Terms and Conditions
1. Offer available by invitation only. One card per eligible customer.
2. You must collect your card from an EE store by the date stated on your SMS.
3. You must register your card in store with an EE advisor upon collection
4. You’ll receive an email confirmation to confirm successful activation within 24 hours, this email will also provide the card’s expiry date.
5. You must write your name on the back of the card in block capitals prior to usage.
6. This card gives you 33% discount on up to two standard cinema tickets and selected concessions at any Vue location, except for Scene screenings at Vue Westfield – Shepherds Bush.
7. For cinema tickets, your card will get you a 33% discount once a day on up to two standard 2D, 3D, VIP, Recliner, Gold Class, IMAX and Xtreme Screen tickets at any Vue cinema.
8. You can't use your card to buy tickets to any of the following screening types; Special, Alternative, Event Cinema, Over 18s special screenings and Premiere events. To find out more about the types of tickets and screenings available from Vue please visit www.myvue.com
9. For concessions, your card will give you an unlimited 33% discount on fountain soft drinks, bottled water, popcorn, nachos and hot dogs. This includes both combo deals and the products purchased individually in both regular and large sizes. Branded/bagged concession items including pick and mix and ice cream are excluded from the offer.
10. You must be using one of the tickets you are buying and you must show your Film Card at the box office when you buy your discounted cinema tickets and concessions to prove your eligibility. You can't give or sell the card to someone else and only a friend or a family member can use the other ticket.
11. You can't use your card to reserve cinema tickets by phone or online.
12. You can't use your card along with any other ticket or concessions offer, or exchange the discount offer for cash or merchandise.
13. You can only use your card once a day to receive the discount on tickets. Concession purchases are unlimited.
14. Your card does not entitle you to preferential treatment over other Vue customers.
15. Film classification rules apply, and you may be asked for valid ID to prove your age and identity
16. The cinema manager's decision is final.
17. Vue's standard terms and conditions of entry apply (see myvue.com/legal).
18. Vue reserves the right to cancel a members card if deemed to be in breach of any of these Terms and Conditions of use
19. For any queries relating to your card please contact the customer services team at 0344 381 5055 or [email protected]
20. Your card will be valid for 90 days following activation. If you make a qualifying purchase within 28 days of activating the card, the validity period will be extended to 365 days. To check how long you have left on your card please refer to your activation or extension confirmation email.
21. A qualifying purchase consists of an additional mobile contract, 12 months or longer (Sim only, Mobile Broadband or mobile phone) or an upgrade of the telephone number receiving the text.
22. If you lose your card or the card is stolen please contact customer services at 0344 381 5055 or [email protected] and they will arrange for a replacement to be issued to you within 7 days. Please note if your card expires within the next 14 days, a replacement will not be issued to you.
Close
Buyagift Cinema Tickets
Buyagift Cinema Tickets Ts&Cs
Buyagift vouchers must be activated using the instructions provided. Upon activation, you will be issued two separate Vue booking codes, which can be redeemed online or at the Box Office but not by telephone
Each Vue booking code is valid for one admission to a standard 2D screening at all Vue locations in the UK excluding Vue West End, Leicester Square
Not valid for Premieres, Big Screen Events and alternative/special showings including Mini Mornings, Senior friendly, Autism Friendly and Scene screenings. Upgrades are available upon payment of the difference and are subject to availability
Booking codes may not be used in conjunction with any other offer including Meerkat Movies
Once your booking codes have been generated they are valid for 30 days, and may not be extended, refunded or exchanged. Valid for a single use only and cannot be re-instated or replaced once redeemed (this includes if you cancel your booking).
If you have bought a package containing a popcorn code these same terms apply
Film classifications apply
Vouchers are not to be used for financial gain in resale
Do not have priority over general tickets
The cinema managers decision is final
Please note that due to our advance booking policy the film and performance you wish to attend may be sold out and seats might not be available. Vue's standard terms and conditions of entry apply
Buyagift Family Package Ts&Cs
Buyagift vouchers must be activated using the instructions provided. Upon redeeming your voucher you will receive one code to book your tickets for a standard 2D film and another code for your snacks
The Vue family booking code is valid for 2 Adult and 2 Child admissions to a standard 2D screening at all Vue locations in the UK excluding Vue West End, Leicester Square and can be redeemed online or at the Box Office but not by telephone
Not valid for Premieres, Big Screen Events and alternative/special showings including Mini Mornings, Senior friendly, Autism Friendly and Scene screenings. Upgrades are available upon payment of the difference and are subject to availability
The family snacks code is redeemable at the venue only and is valid for one medium drink and popcorn and 2 kids combos which include: - A choice of snack from popcorn or Monster Munch, - A choice of drink from 12oz dispensed soft drink excluding Coca-Cola Classic and Coca-Cola Freestyle, which are subject to an additional charge, 250ml bottled water or Fruit Shoot, - A choice of treat from Milky Way bar, Haribo Starmix 16g bag or Jelly Tots.
Booking codes may not be used in conjunction with any other offer including Meerkat Movies
Once your booking and snacks codes have been generated they are valid for 30 days, and may not be extended, refunded or exchanged. Valid for a single use only and cannot be re-instated or replaced once redeemed (this includes if you cancel your booking)
Film classifications apply
Vouchers are not to be used for financial gain in resale
Do not have priority over general tickets
The cinema managers decision is final
Please note that due to our advance booking policy the film and performance you wish to attend may be sold out and seats might not be available. Vue's standard terms and conditions of entry apply
Close
Vodafone E-Code
Each e-code is valid for one admission ticket and must be used at the time of exchange and cannot be exchanged for gift cards. E-codes can be used online or at the Box Office.
Valid at any Vue location in the UK, except from Vue West End (Leicester Square).
E-codes are non-transferable, non-exchangeable and non-refundable.
E-codes are valid for a single use only and cannot be reinstated or replaced once redeemed (this includes if you cancel your booking).
Not valid for Premieres, Big Screen Events and alternative/special showings including Mini Mornings, Senior friendly, Autism Friendly and Scene screenings.
Can be used to book 3D, IMAX, VIP, Recliner, Xtreme seating or Gold class screenings online and at the Box Office upon payment of the difference.
Upgrade to 3D are redeemable for entry into the screening only, customers will be charged for the purchase of 3D glasses if required.
Purchase of the e-codes does not give priority over general tickets or other visitors to Vue.
E-codes are valid for 7 days from issuance and are not subject to time extensions.
Expiry dates are clearly outlined within the confirmation email including E-codes.
Cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer including Meerkat Movies.
Film classifications apply.
E-codes are not to be used for financial gain in resale.
The cinema manager’s decision is final.
Please note that due to our advance booking policy the film and performance you wish to attend may be sold out and seats might not be available.
Close
Vue Pass Tickets
1. Vue Adult Non-London 2D – VSTM5
1.1 Vouchers must be exchanged for an admission ticket either at the Box Office or online and cannot be used to make bookings over the phone.
1.2 Not accepted in the following locations: Bromley, Croydon Grants, Croydon Purley Way, Dagenham, Eltham, Finchley Road, Fulham Broadway, Harrow, Islington, North Finchley, Piccadilly, Romford, Shepherds Bush, Staines, Watford, Westfield London, Westfield Stratford and Wood Green, West End (Leicester Square).
1.3 Valid for 1 ticket and must be used at the time of exchange.
1.4 Non-transferable, non-exchangeable and non-refundable.
1.5 Valid for a single use only and cannot be re-instated or replaced once redeemed (this includes if you cancel your booking).
1.6 Not valid for Premieres, Big Screen Events and alternative/special showings including Mini Mornings, Senior friendly, Autism Friendly and Scene screenings.
1.7 Can be used to book VIP, Recliner, Xtreme seating or Gold class screenings online and at the Box Office at an additional upgrade fee. IMAX upgrades will also be at an additional cost and we recommend checking pricing directly with the cinema before purchase of Vue Pass E-Codes.
1.8 2D vouchers cannot be upgraded to a 3D screening.
1.9 3D vouchers must be purchased for 3D screenings and are redeemable for entry into the screening only, customers will be charged for the purchase of 3D glasses if required.
1.10 Do not have priority over general tickets.
1.11 The voucher expires on the expiration date, it is not subject to extensions.
1.12 Expiry dates are printed on the paper voucher.
1.13 E-Codes are valid for up to 12 months from issuance and are not subject to extensions.
1.14 Cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer including Meerkat Movies.
1.15 Film classifications apply.
1.16 Vouchers are not to be used for financial gain in resale.
1.17 The cinema managers decision is final.
Please note that due to our advance booking policy the film and performance you wish to attend may be sold out and seats might not be available
2. Vue Adult London 2D – VSTM1
2.1 Vouchers must be exchanged for an admission ticket at all Vue locations excluding West End (Leicester Square), either at the Box Office or online and cannot be used to make bookings over the phone
2.2 Valid for 1 ticket and must be used at the time of exchange.
2.3 Non-transferable, non-exchangeable and non-refundable.
2.4 Valid for a single use only and cannot be re-instated or replaced once redeemed (this includes if you cancel your booking).
2.5 Not valid for Premieres, Big Screen Events and alternative/special showings including Mini Mornings, Senior friendly, Autism Friendly and Scene screenings.
2.6 Can be used to book VIP, Recliner, Xtreme seating or Gold class screenings online and at the Box Office at an additional upgrade fee. IMAX upgrades will also be at an additional cost and we recommend checking pricing directly with the cinema before purchase of Vue Pass E-Codes.
2.7 2D vouchers cannot be upgraded to a 3D screening.
2.8 3D vouchers must be purchased for 3D screenings and are redeemable for entry into the screening only, customers will be charged for the purchase of 3D glasses if required.
2.9 The voucher expires on the expiration date, it is not subject to extensions.
2.10 Expiry dates are printed on the paper voucher.
2.11 E-Codes are valid for up to 12 months from issuance and are not subject to extensions.
2.12 Cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer including Meerkat Movies.
2.13 Film classifications apply.
2.14 Vouchers are not to be used for financial gain in resale.
2.15 The cinema managers decision is final.
Please note that due to our  advance booking policy the film and performance you wish to attend may be sold out and seats might not be available.
3. Vue Adult London 3D – VSTM2
3.1 Vouchers must be exchanged for an admission ticket at all Vue locations excluding West End (Leicester Square), either at the Box Office or online and cannot be used to make bookings over the phone
3.2 Valid for 1 ticket and must be used at the time of exchange.
3.3 Non-transferable, non-exchangeable and non-refundable.
3.4 Valid for a single use only and cannot be re-instated or replaced once redeemed (this includes if you cancel your booking).
3.5 Not valid for Premieres, Big Screen Events and alternative/special showings including Mini Mornings, Senior friendly, Autism Friendly and Scene screenings.
3.6 Can be used to book VIP, Recliner, Xtreme seating or Gold class screenings online and at the Box Office at an additional upgrade fee. IMAX upgrades will also be at an additional cost and we recommend checking pricing directly with the cinema before purchase of Vue Pass E-Codes.
3.7 2D vouchers cannot be upgraded to a 3D screening.
3.8 3D vouchers must be purchased for 3D screenings and are redeemable for entry into the screening only, customers will be charged for the purchase of 3D glasses if required.
3.9 Do not have priority over general tickets.
3.10 The voucher expires on the expiration date, it is not subject to extensions.
3.11 Expiry dates are printed on the paper voucher.
3.12 E-Codes are valid for up to 12 months from issuance and are not subject to extensions.
3.13 Cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer including Meerkat Movies.
3.14 Film classifications apply.
3.15 Vouchers are not to be used for financial gain in resale.
3.16 The cinema managers decision is final.
Please note that due to our advance booking policy the film and performance you wish to attend may be sold out and seats might not be available.
4. Vue Adult Non-London 3D – VSTM6
4.1 Vouchers must be exchanged for an admission ticket either at the Box Office or online and cannot be used to make bookings over the phone
4.2 Not accepted in the following locations: Bromley, Croydon Grants, Croydon Purley Way, Dagenham, Eltham, Finchley Road, Fulham Broadway, Harrow, Islington, North Finchley, Piccadilly, Romford, Shepherds Bush, Staines, Watford, Westfield London, Westfield Stratford and Wood Green, West End (Leicester Square).
4.3 Valid for 1 ticket and must be used at the time of exchange.
4.4 Non-transferable, non-exchangeable and non-refundable.
4.5 Valid for a single use only and cannot be re-instated or replaced once redeemed (this includes if you cancel your booking).
4.6 Not valid for Premieres, Big Screen Events and alternative/special showings including Mini Mornings, Senior friendly, Autism Friendly and Scene screenings.
4.7 Can be used to book VIP, Recliner, Xtreme seating or Gold class screenings online and at the Box Office at an additional upgrade fee. IMAX upgrades will also be at an additional cost and we recommend checking pricing directly with the cinema before purchase of Vue Pass E-Codes.
4.8 2D vouchers cannot be upgraded to a 3D screening.
4.9 3D vouchers must be purchased for 3D screenings and are redeemable for entry into the screening only, customers will be charged for the purchase of 3D glasses if required.
4.10 Do not have priority over general tickets.
4.11 The voucher expires on the expiration date, it is not subject to extensions.
4.12 Expiry dates are printed on the paper voucher.
4.13 E-Codes are valid for up to 12 months from issuance and are not subject to extensions.
4.14 Cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer including Meerkat Movies.
4.15 Film classifications apply.
4.16 Vouchers are not to be used for financial gain in resale.
4.17 The cinema managers decision is final.
Please note that due to our advance booking policy the film and performance you wish to attend may be sold out and seats might not be available.
5. Vue Adult Every Film Every Day* 2D – VSTM8
5.1 Vouchers must be exchanged for a 2D admission ticket at the following locations only*: Aberdeen, Accrington, Altrincham, Ashbourne, Barrow in Furness, Basingstoke, Bedford, Bicester, Birkenhead, Birmingham Star City, Blackburn, Bristol Cribbs, Bristol Longwell Green, Bromley, Bury The Rock, Cardiff, Carlisle, Carmarthen Cheshire Oaks, Cleveleys, Cramlington, Croydon Grants, Croydon Purley Way, Cwmbran, Dagenham, Darlington, Doncaster, Eastleigh, Edinburgh Ocean, Edinburgh Omni, Eltham, Farnborough, Finchley North, Finchley Road, Fulham Broadway, Gateshead, Glasgow Fort, Halifax, Hamilton, Harrow, Hartlepool, Hull, Inverness, Islington, Lancaster, Leamington Spa, Leeds Kirkstall, Leeds Light, Leicester, Limerick, Livingston, Lowry, Manchester Printworks, Merthyr Tydfil, Newcastle under Lyme, Northampton, Norwich, Oxford, Plymouth, Portsmouth, Reading, Redditch, Rhyl, Romford, Scunthorpe, Sheffield, Southport, Staines, Stirling, Swansea, Thanet, Thurrock, Torbay, Westfield Stratford, Wood Green, York. *Vue reserves the right to withdraw or amend this listing at any time. See myvue.com/legal for current participating locations.
5.2 These can be booked either at the Box Office or online and cannot be used to make bookings over the phone
5.3 Valid for 1 ticket and must be used at the time of exchange.
5.4 Non-transferable, non-exchangeable and non-refundable.
5.5 Valid for a single use only and cannot be re-instated or replaced once redeemed (this includes if you cancel your booking).
5.6 Not valid for Premieres, Big Screen Events and alternative/special showings including Mini Mornings, Senior friendly, Autism Friendly and Scene screenings.
5.7 Can be used to book VIP, Recliner, Xtreme seating or Gold class screenings online and at the Box Office at an additional upgrade fee. IMAX upgrades will also be at an additional cost and we recommend checking pricing directly with the cinema before purchase of Vue Pass E-Codes.
5.8 2D vouchers cannot be upgraded to a 3D screening.
5.9 3D vouchers must be purchased for 3D screenings and are redeemable for entry into the screening only, customers will be charged for the purchase of 3D glasses if required.
5.10 Do not have priority over general tickets.
5.11 The voucher expires on the expiration date, it is not subject to extensions.
5.12 Expiry dates are printed on the paper voucher.
5.13 E-Codes are valid for up to 12 months from issuance and are not subject to extensions.
5.14 Cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer including Meerkat Movies.
5.15 Film classifications apply.
5.16 Vouchers are not to be used for financial gain in resale.
5.17 The cinema managers decision is final.
Please note that due to our advance booking policy the film and performance you wish to attend may be sold out and seats might not be available.
Close
Your Trip To Vue terms and conditions
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE “YOUR TRIP TO VUE” COMPETITION (THE “COMPETITION”)
These terms and conditions (together with the documents referred to in them) apply to your participation in the Competition (“Terms”). By entering the Competition, you confirm that you agree to and will be bound by these Terms and that you have read and understood the Privacy Policy. Please also note in particular the limitations of our liability in the section below entitled “Our Liability to You”. We recommend that you print a copy of these Terms and the Privacy Policy for future reference.
ABOUT VUE AND THE COMPETITION
• The promoter of this Competition is Vue Entertainment Limited, 10 Chiswick Park 566 Chiswick high Road, London W4 5XS (“Promoter”).
• To contact us, please call us on 0345 308 4620.
• Vue is running the Competition as part of the www.yourtriptovue.com website (“Site”). The Site is part of Vue’s ongoing efforts to hear the opinions and thoughts of Vue customers regarding their experiences with Vue and Vue products.
• The Competition opens for entry on 17 December 2019 and closes on 26 November 2020 (“Entry Period”). There will be monthly prize draws each calendar month during the Competition, with the draw for each calendar month to be held during the first week of the following calendar month. There will be one winner for each calendar month during the Competition.
ELIGIBILITY
• Entry to the Competition is open to all legal residents of England, Wales, Scotland and the Republic of Ireland aged 18 or over at the time of entry, except:
o Vue employees and their immediate families (such as children, spouses, siblings, aunts, uncles and grandparents); and
o Employees, officers or agents of any companies associated with the Competition.
• No more than one (1) entry may be made per household per week.
• You are only eligible to win one prize in any 12 week period, regardless of the number of entries you have submitted.
• Providing incorrect information (such as a false name or address) will mean you are ineligible to enter the Competition.
• Vue may disregard any entry it believes has been made in breach of these Terms.
HOW TO ENTER THE COMPETITION
• To enter the Competition all you need to do is complete and submit the survey form on the Site (www.yourtriptovue.com.com) during the Entry Period. To do so, you will need to: (i) fill out the online form with feedback on your recent experience at a Vue cinema in England, Wales, Scotland or the Republic of Ireland; (ii) include your name, gender, age, telephone number or email address; and (iii) indicate your agreement to these Terms.
• Your entry must also comply with the submission guidelines in the section below entitled “Competition Rules and Procedures”.
• If you are resident in the Republic of Ireland, you will also be required to correctly answer a skill-based multiple choice question in order to be eligible to enter the Competition. The question will be presented to you during the survey submission process.
• Once you have submitted your survey form in accordance with these Terms, you will be entered into the draw for that calendar month, which will take place during the first week of the following calendar month.
THE PRIZE
• There will be one £100 Vue Gift Card (“Gift Card”) to be won in each monthly draw.
• The Gift Card is subject to Vue’s Gift Card Terms and Conditions. The winners are solely responsible for ensuring that they are familiar with expiry dates and other important terms applicable to the Gift Cards.
• In particular, all Gift Cards have a validity period of 12 months and unused balances will be lost after the expiry date. The balance of a Gift Card may only be redeemed at the till point of any cinema operated by Vue in England, Wales, Scotland and the Republic of Ireland and may not, for the avoidance of doubt, be redeemed online or by telephone.
• No cash alternative is available to the prize and it cannot be transferred, sold or exchanged.
• If the Promoter considers it appropriate, or if it becomes necessary for reasons beyond the Promoter’s control, a prize may be varied or swapped for a suitable alternative of equal or greater value in our discretion.
COMPETITION RULES AND PROCEDURES
• Please note that, first and foremost, the following rules and procedures are not intended to require Competition entries to only be positive, Vue wants them to reflect the real views of real people. Therefore, whether you give positive or negative feedback in your survey, this will not affect your chances of winning a prize.
• Entries must relate to your own personal experience of a Vue cinema.
• Entries must be written in good faith and must be honestly believed, appropriate, civil, tasteful and accord with generally accepted standards of etiquette. Entries must in particular not:
o be illegal or unlawful under any applicable local, national or international law or regulation;
o infringe any third party's legal rights (including any copyright, moral right, database right, trade mark right, design right, right in passing off, or other intellectual property right);
o be libellous, maliciously false, harassing or threatening;
o infringe any right of confidence, right of privacy, or right under data protection legislation;
o be fraudulent, have a fraudulent purpose or effect, be in contempt of any court, or in breach of any court order;
o be obscene, offensive, sexually explicit, promote violence or promote discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age;
o be untrue, false, inaccurate or misleading; or
o constitute spam.
WINNER SELECTION AND NOTIFICATION
• Vue will draw a winner in the Competition once per calendar month. Each month’s draw will take place in the first week of the subsequent month.
• Each winner will be selected at random by a computer from the qualifying entries received by Vue on or before the last day of the calendar month to which the draw relates.
• For the avoidance of doubt, qualifying entries received after the last day of each calendar month will be entered into the next month’s draw.
• Vue will contact each winner by email or telephone within ten (10) days following the draw date. Vue reserves the right to draw an alternative winner if a winner cannot reasonably be contacted within 28 days of the relevant draw.
• The Gift Card is a physical item and therefore winners will be required to provide a valid postal address in order to claim their prize.
• Each winner’s Gift Card will be sent to them at the postal address which they provided when contacted by Vue. The Gift Card will be delivered within 14 days of the winner’s confirmation of this address.
PRIVACY AND PUBLICITY
• Competition winners may be asked to take part in free publicity surrounding their win, but participation in such publicity is not compulsory.
• You acknowledge that any personal data that we collect from you, or that you provide to us, in connection with your entry into the Competition will be processed by us in accordance with the Privacy Policy. Please read this policy carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
• Please note that Vue may contact you to discuss your survey feedback for the purpose of improving the products and services we offer.
• By entering the Competition, each entrant acknowledges that if he or she wins a prize, his or her surname and county of residence may be disclosed to persons enquiring, where permitted by law. Any entrant may object to their information being made available in this way, or may request that the amount of information made available be reduced, by contacting the Promoter using the contact details at the end of these Rules. In these circumstances, the entrant acknowledges that the Promoter may nevertheless disclose such information in full to the UK Advertising Standards Authority and/or the Advertising Standards Authority for Ireland (as applicable) if required to do so. This may happen where, for example, we are required to demonstrate that a valid award took place. To request disclosure of winners’ details, enquirers must submit a request by email to us at [email protected] by 31 December 2020. Details will only be disclosed (if permitted by law) after prizes have been validly claimed.
OUR LIABILITY TO YOU
• If Vue fails to comply with these Terms it will be responsible for the loss or damage which you suffer which is a foreseeable result of its breach of the Terms or its negligence. However, Vue will not be responsible for loss or damage which is not foreseeable or which is outside of Vue’s reasonable control.
• No responsibility or liability will be accepted by Vue for entries which are not received or are lost in transmission for any reason. Proof of sending or transmission will not be accepted as proof of entry. Corrupted, damaged, unintelligible, inaudible or incomplete entries will be invalid.
GENERAL
• Discretion: Where these Terms refer to the exercise of any discretion by Vue such discretion shall be absolute and no correspondence shall be entered into regarding any associated decisions.
• Events Beyond our Control: Events may occur that render the Competition itself or the selection of a winner impractical due to reasons beyond Vue’s control. We may, at our discretion, make such variations or amendments to the Competition as we feel are necessary as a result of such events.
• Cancellation of the Competition: Vue reserves the right to vary, cancel or suspend the Competition or these Terms in whole or in part at any time if we consider it necessary or appropriate to do so, including if there is any actual or anticipated breach of applicable law or if variation, cancellation or suspension is necessary due to an event outside our reasonable control. We will not have any liability, whether to you or to any third party, as a result of such actions.
• Disqualification: Without limiting the options available to us, we reserve the right at any time to disqualify any person from participating in the Competition if we regard them as being in breach of these Terms or any applicable laws or any other terms and conditions referred to in these Terms.
• Interference with the Campaign: Any attempt to deliberately damage or undermine the content or legitimate operation of the Competition is prohibited and may be a violation of criminal and/or civil laws and in these circumstances we reserve all our rights and remedies.
• Entire Agreement: These Terms (together with the documents referred to in them) constitute the entire agreement between you and Vue in relation to your entry to the Competition, and supersede and extinguish all previous agreements in respect of the Competition.
• Other Promotions: Any other promotions run by Vue will be governed by their own separate terms and conditions
• General Terms: In addition to these Terms, your use of Vue websites shall also be subject to any Terms of Use or Privacy Policies shown on those websites from time to time.
• Assignment: Vue may at any time assign, transfer, mortgage, charge or deal in any other manner with any or all of its rights and obligations under or arising from these Terms.
• Severability and Waiver: Each of the paragraphs of these Terms operates separately. If any court or relevant authority decides that any of them are unlawful, the remaining paragraphs will remain in full force and effect. Our failure to enforce any term of these Terms will not constitute a waiver of that provision.
• Third Party Rights: These Terms relate to an agreement between you and Vue. No other person shall have any rights to enforce any of these Terms.
• Accessing these Terms: Any website on which these Terms are posted is only intended to be accessed from England, Wales, Scotland and the Republic of Ireland. We make no representation that materials relating to this Competition are appropriate or available for use at other locations. Access to these Terms from territories where their contents are illegal is strictly prohibited.
• Applicable Law and Jurisdiction: If you are resident in England, Wales or Scotland, you agree that these Terms shall be governed by the laws of England and Wales and that any dispute arising under or in relation to these Terms and/or the Competition shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales, except that if you are resident in Scotland you may also bring proceedings in the Scottish courts. If you are resident in the Republic of Ireland, you agree that these Terms shall be governed by Irish law and any dispute arising under or in relation to these Terms and/or the Competition shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Ireland.
Close
Wowcher and Living Social Tickets
E-Codes valid from 20 Nov 2019 – 28 Feb 2020 and are valid for online redemption only.
Not valid on blockbuster releases before specified dates as detailed below:
•        Not valid on the following films for the duration of the deal – Le Mans 66, Frozen 2, Star Wars Rise of Skywalker
•        Valid for Jumanji: The Next Level after 27th December 2019
•        Valid for Cats after 3rd Jan 2020
One voucher per person.
May buy multiple as gifts
E-Codes valid for standard 2D screenings only.
Not valid for Premieres, Big Screen Events and alternative/special showings including Bollywood, Mini Mornings, Senior, Autism Friendly and Scene screenings
Tickets are subject to availability, normal age restrictions and any other relevant standard terms including Vue’s general admission terms.
E-Codes are valid for one use only and cannot be reinstated or reversed if you cancel your booking.
Deal excludes Vue West End (Leicester Square) and Vue Cardiff
Close
Visa Checkout Free Large Popcorn Terms and Conditions
Vue Cinemas and Visa Checkout
Free Large Popcorn Terms and Conditions
A. PARTICIPATION
By entering this Vue Cinemas offer (the “Offer”), you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions (“Terms and Conditions”) for the Vue Cinemas and Visa Checkout Free Large Popcorn Offer.
1.The Offer is open to legal residents in Great Britain (excluding Northern Ireland) who are 18 years or over. Employees and their immediate families (parents, spouse, partner, children, siblings, grandparents and grandchildren) of the Promoter, and anyone (including the Promoter’s agents and suppliers) professionally connected with this Offer are not eligible to enter.
The Offer starts at 10.00am on 07/05/19 (the “Start Date”) and ends at 11.59pm on 02/09/19 (the “Closing Date”) OR when 40,000 applications have been received and the offer has been distributed (whichever happens sooner) (collectively, the “Offer Period”.
2. Entrants must have registered for a Visa Checkout account at the time of entry (a “Visa Checkout account”).
B. ENTRY
3. The Offer is one free large box of popcorn for each booking, when an entrant books cinema tickets in advance and makes a valid payment online using Visa Checkout at Myvue.com during the Offer Period (a “Qualifying Payment”).
4. When an entrant makes a Qualifying Payment, they will be emailed an Offer redemption code. This code can be exchanged for free large popcorn at the participating Vue venue for a period of 12 months beginning on the date their email was generated.
5. The Offer may be redeemed at participating Vue Cinemas in Great Britain excluding Vue Eltham.
6. There is no limit as to how many times an entrant may participate in this Offer.
7. The Promoterreserves the right to substitute the Offer with another offer of similar value in the event the Offer is not available.
8. Anyone trying to circumvent these Terms and Conditions by using alternative details will be disqualified from this Offer. Bulk entries made from trade, consumer groups or third parties will not be accepted. If it becomes apparent that a participant is using a computer(s) to circumvent these terms and conditions by, for example, the use of ‘script’, ‘brute force’ or any other automated means, that person’s entry will be disqualified and any discount applied will be void. Syndicate entries or those made using methods such as computer macro, script or the use of automated devices or processes are not allowed and all such entries will be disqualified and any discount will be null and void. In the event that the Offer is subject to any form of multiple entry activity or other abuse, either as described above or by way of other mechanisms, the Promoter reserves the right to include additional fields on the entry page of the Offer’s website. Such added fields will only require entrants to provide verification information that they are obliged to retain under these Terms & Conditions to redeem this Offer.
C. LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY
9. So far as is permitted by law or regulation, the Promoter and its associated companies and agents exclude responsibility and all liabilities arising from:
a) any postponement or cancellation of the Offer;
b) any changes to, supply or application of any discount; or
c) any act or default by any participant.
10. The Promoter will not be held liable to any participant for any fraud committed by any third party, the performance of any contractual or other obligations of any third parties associated with the Offer nor for any events beyond its control.
11. Nothing in these Terms and Conditions in any way limits the Promoter (or any other person or organisation’s) liability for (i) fraud, or (ii) death or personal injury caused by its own negligence.
D. GENERAL
12. The card issuer’s and any merchant’s standard terms, conditions, fees and charges will apply to the use of Visa Checkout during the Offer Period.
13. The Promoter’s decision is final in all matters relating to the Offer.
14. The Promoter reserves (in its sole discretion and so far as is legally permissible) the right to verify, using all reasonable means available to it, whether an entrant is eligible and/or whether an entry is valid and/or if there has been an eligible Qualifying Payment”
If there is any reason to believe that there has been a breach of these Terms and Conditions, the Promoter may, at its sole discretion, refuse to accept an entry and rescind or invalidate the Offer.
15. The Promoter reserves the right to terminate or temporarily suspend this Offer in the event of technical or other difficulties that might compromise its integrity but will always endeavour to minimise the effect on entrants.
16. In the event of unforeseen circumstances outside its reasonable control, and where circumstances make this unavoidable, the Promoter reserves the right to modify these Terms and Conditions prior to the Closing Date.
17. In administering the Offer, the Promoter may collect personal information from entrants. Unless entrants have opted in to receive marketing, promotional and offer emails/messages, the Promoter will only use entrants’ information for the purpose of the administering this Offer and in accordance with Vue Entertainment’s Privacy Policy and any preferences expressed by entrants during the Offer entry process. Please see Vue Entertainment’s Privacy Policy at http://www.myvue.com/legal/for more details. Entrants have the right to access, withdraw, and correct their personal data, and to oppose the collection or processing of it. They may request such action by contacting Promoter at https://www.myvue.com/get-in-touch/faqs-and-contact-us
18. Once an entrant has Signed Up or Logged In to the website, they may tick the “opt in” boxes within the ‘My Account’ page thereby opting in to receive marketing promotions and offer emails from the Promoter. By ticking these boxes, entrants agree to allow the Promoter to retain their details for this purpose for a reasonable period beyond the Offer Period. Entrants may unsubscribe from receiving these communications at any time via the unsubscribe functionality found in any marketing communications received from Vue Entertainment. This will not affect their right to be entered into this Offer.
19. If entrants select the opt-in feature to receive marketing communications from the Promoter when making an entry, omission to opt-in again when making a subsequent entry does not represent a valid request to opt-out of receiving those communications. Entrants who wish to opt-out having previously opted-in at the time of an earlier entry must follow the instructions on the website or any further communications to opt-out of receiving those communications.
20. The Offer, these Terms and Conditions, and any matter arising out of or in connection with them are governed by the laws of England and Wales and are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of these courts.
The promoter of this Offer is Vue Entertainment Limited, 10 Chiswick Park 566 Chiswick high Road, London W4 5XS ( the “Promoter”).
Close
Express Pick Up Pre-Paid Snacks - Vue Cambridge and Cramlington
Vue is now offering an Express Pick Up lane which is available only at Vue Cambridge and Vue Cramlington (“Eligible Cinemas”). When you purchase cinema tickets online for those Eligible Cinemas, you will be offered 20% off selected snacks at those Eligible Cinemas when you pre-pay for them online at the same time as your ticket purchase. You must collect any pre-ordered snacks on or by the date of your cinema tickets.
What is eligible for the 20% off discount?
1 - Popcorn tubs, hot dogs, nachos, soft drinks
2 - Kids Combo;
3 - Snack It Combo; and
4 - The first Regular or Large Combo which consist of a soft drink or Classic Coke or water, and either popcorn, nachos or hot dogs.
What is ineligible for the 20% off discount?
1 - Multiple combos are not included because a separate discount will be applied which is greater than the 20% off offer
2 - Single or multiple Bolt Ons (which may include junior popcorn, regular nachos, Haagen-Dazs mini tub, Ben &Jerry's mini tub, bagged confectionary and bagged chocolate) are not included. Again this is because a separate discount will be applied which is greater than the 20% off offer
3 - Any of the following:
a - Hot drinks
b - Alcoholic drinks
c - Ben & Jerry’s ice cream counter
d - Pick’n’mix
e - Bagged crisps
f - Bagged popcorn
Other exclusions
This offer is not valid in conjunction with the ‘All Inclusive Family Ticket’.
How to collect your pre-paid snacks
Purchasers of Express Pick Up pre-paid snacks will receive a confirmation email for the chosen food and drinks products, which is only valid for collection at the Eligible Cinemas and on the date of the cinema tickets purchased at the same time.
You may collect your pre-paid snacks at any till at the Eligible Cinemas, although Express Pick Up purchasers can use the dedicated Express Pick Up till (when it is open). The voucher can be displayed on a mobile phone or printed out.
Availability or change to the order
If for any reason any of the pre-ordered items are not available at the Eligible Cinema at the time of collection, purchasers will be offered alternative products of the same or greater value, or offered a refund at the cinema.
If you change your mind, Vue will in its sole discretion allow you to change your selected pre-paid snack for another eligible product of the same or lower price.
Cancellation of food and drink orders
You are not entitled to cancel your purchase in respect of any food or drink items.
Please also see Vue’s Online Ticket Terms in respect of your purchase of cinema tickets.
General
There is no cash alternative.
Vue reserves the right to withdraw or amend this offer at any time.
Vue’s Guest Admissions Policy and Online Ticket Terms also apply.
For details of our privacy policy go to www.myvue.com/privacy
Vue Entertainment Limited, 10 Chiswick Park, 566 Chiswick High Road, London W4 5XS
Close
Express Pre Order - Vue Bromley and Newcastle Under Lyme
Express Pick Up at Vue Bromley and Vue Newcastle Under Lyme:
Vue is now offering an Express Pick Up lane which is available only at Vue Bromley and Vue Newcastle Under Lyme (“Eligible Cinemas”). When you purchase cinema tickets online for those Eligible Cinemas, you will be offered the opportunity to pre-pay for selected snacks at those Eligible Cinemas at the same time as your ticket purchase. You must collect any pre-ordered snacks on or by the date of your cinema tickets.
Other exclusions
This offer is not valid in conjunction with the ‘All Inclusive Family Ticket’.
How to collect your pre-paid snacks
Purchasers of Express Pick Up pre-paid snacks will receive a confirmation email for the chosen food and drinks products, which is only valid for collection at the Eligible Cinemas and on the date of the cinema tickets purchased at the same time.
You may collect your pre-paid snacks at any till at the Eligible Cinemas, although Express Pick Up purchasers can use the dedicated Express Pick Up till (when it is open). The voucher can be displayed on a mobile phone or printed out.
Availability or change to the order
If for any reason any of the pre-ordered items are not available at the Eligible Cinema at the time of collection, purchasers will be offered alternative products of the same or greater value, or offered a refund at the cinema.
If you change your mind, Vue will in its sole discretion allow you to change your selected pre-paid snack for another eligible product of the same or lower price.
Cancellation of food and drink orders
You are not entitled to cancel your purchase in respect of any food or drink items.
Please also see Vue’s Online Ticket Terms in respect of your purchase of cinema tickets.
General
There is no cash alternative.
Vue reserves the right to withdraw or amend this offer at any time.
Vue’s Guest Admissions Policy and Online Ticket Terms also apply.
For details of our privacy policy go to www.myvue.com/privacy
Vue Entertainment Limited, 10 Chiswick Park, 566 Chiswick High Road, London W4 5XS
Close
Pre Order - Vue Exeter and Farnborough
Express Pick Up at Vue Exeter and Vue Farnborough:
Vue is now offering an pre-order service which is available only at Vue Exeter and Vue Farnborough (“Eligible Cinemas”). When you purchase cinema tickets online for those Eligible Cinemas, you will be offered the opportunity to pre-pay for selected snacks at those Eligible Cinemas at the same time as your ticket purchase. You must collect any pre-ordered snacks on or by the date of your cinema tickets.
Other exclusions
This offer is not valid in conjunction with the ‘All Inclusive Family Ticket’.
How to collect your pre-paid snacks
Purchasers of Express Pick Up pre-paid snacks will receive a confirmation email for the chosen food and drinks products, which is only valid for collection at the Eligible Cinemas and on the date of the cinema tickets purchased at the same time.
You may collect your pre-paid snacks at any till at the Eligible Cinemas. The voucher can be displayed on a mobile phone or printed out.
Availability or change to the order
If for any reason any of the pre-ordered items are not available at the Eligible Cinema at the time of collection, purchasers will be offered alternative products of the same or greater value, or offered a refund at the cinema.
If you change your mind, Vue will in its sole discretion allow you to change your selected pre-paid snack for another eligible product of the same or lower price.
Cancellation of food and drink orders
You are not entitled to cancel your purchase in respect of any food or drink items.
Please also see Vue’s Online Ticket Terms in respect of your purchase of cinema tickets.
General
There is no cash alternative.
Vue reserves the right to withdraw or amend this offer at any time.
Vue’s Guest Admissions Policy and Online Ticket Terms also apply.
For details of our privacy policy go to www.myvue.com/privacy
Vue Entertainment Limited, 10 Chiswick Park, 566 Chiswick High Road, London W4 5XS
Close
Festive Star Search with Disney Scan
Participating Vue cinemas: Vue Stratford and Vue Westfield White City (the “Venues”).
1. Customers participating in the Festive Star Search with Disney Scan will be able to scan ‘star’ triggers located at the Venues.  Scanning the trigger will result in the customer being able to download a unique discount code.
2. Each discount code, when downloaded, is valid for one free upgrade to VIP seating when purchasing a standard ticket at the Venue where the trigger was scanned (the “Offer”).  Each discount code entitles the customer to an upgrade for one standard ticket only.
3. This Offer is only valid at the Venues and not at any other Vue cinemas.
4. The Offer is valid during cinema opening hours from 2 December 2020 until 7 January 2020 (inclusive) and is not subject to time extensions.  Cinema opening hours are subject to change at short notice due to restrictions imposed by the UK government in relation to Covid-19.
5. Possession of a discount code does not give priority over general tickets or other visitors to Vue.  There are limited VIP seats available for each film screening, which are allocated on a first come, first served basis.  Therefore, Vue can offer no guarantee that VIP seating will be available for the customer’s preferred film screening time.
6. The discount codes are non-transferable, non-exchangeable and non-refundable. Discount codes cannot be exchanged for gift cards. This Offer is not valid in conjunction with any other offer.
7. Discount codes are valid for a single use only and cannot be reinstated or replaced once redeemed.
8. Additional charges apply for 3D screenings, 3D glasses, IMAX or Xtreme screens. The Offer is not valid for use in relation for purchases for Vue Scene screens.
9. Ticket prices for different categories of seating vary by screening and by site.
10. Prices for each class are displayed on price lists in cinema and at www.myvue.com. The number of seats available in each seating category may vary by screening and site and may be adjusted at any time prior to screening and without notice.
11. This Offer is only valid for tickets purchased at the box offices of either of the Venues or the www.myvue.com website.
12. The price of a ticket shall be as stated at the time of purchase. Vue reserves the right to change prices at any time and without notice.
13. This Offer is subject to availability, and there is no cash alternative.
14. Vue reserves the right to withdraw or amend this Offer at any time.
15. Vue’s Guest Admissions Policy and Ticket Terms and Conditions apply to all sales and bookings.
Promoter: Vue Entertainment Limited, 10 Chiswick Park, 566 Chiswick High Road, London, W4 5XS.
Close
My Rewards and Offers
1. This Offer is valid at all Vue venues in the United Kingdom and is open to UK residents aged 18 or over excluding employees and their families of Vue Entertainment Limited (the “Promoter”) and each of its group companies, their agents or anyone professionally connected with this Offer.
2. Receive a free regular box of popcorn or 22oz soft drink  (the “Product”) when you present a valid ticket for a film screening at the Vue venue in question on the same day, together with a valid email including a redemption voucher (the “Voucher”) (the “Offer”).
3. This Offer is non-transferable and may only be claimed by the named recipient of the email.
4. Only one Voucher may be redeemed per customer per year.  By presenting a Voucher for redemption, Offer recipients agree to accept and be bound by these terms and conditions.
5. The Voucher is valid for 14 days from the day the Voucher is issued.
6. The Promoter reserves the right to reject forged, damaged, illegible or incomplete Vouchers.  The Promoter shall not be responsible for any Vouchers that are lost or wrongly delivered due to an incorrect email address being submitted.
7. The Promoter’s decision is final in all matters relating to the Offer and no correspondence will be entered into.
8. This Offer is not valid in conjunction with any other food or beverage offer, food or beverage promotion , or food or beverage discount scheme.
9. This Offer is subject to availability.
10. There is no cash alternative and the Promoter reserves the right to withdraw, suspend or amend this Offer at any time in the event of unforeseen circumstances beyond its reasonable control.
11. The Promoter reserves the right to substitute any part of the prize package for an item of equal or greater value if it is unavailable for reasons outside of the Promoter’s control.
12. Admission to Vue is subject to Vue’s Guest Admissions Policy, and Vue’s Online and Offline Ticket Terms and Conditions apply (see https://www.myvue.com/legal/terms-and-conditions).
13. This Offer, these terms and conditions, and any matter arising out of or in connection with them shall be governed by English law and shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
14. The Promoter is Vue Entertainment Limited, 10 Chiswick Park, 566 Chiswick High Road, London W4 5XS.
Search
Showing elsewhere
venues
Sorry, no matches found, want to go to What's On?
venues
Perhaps this is what you're looking for?
venues
Sorry, no matches found, want to go to What's On?