http://www.megatrax.com/privacy_policy.php
Register
|
Login
0Cart
Find it for me
License Music
Browse Volumes
Search Tracks
Catalogs
Radio Imaging
Custom Music
Why Megatrax
Support
MEGATRAX PRODUCTION MUSIC PRIVACY POLICY
THIS PRIVACY POLICY EXPLAINS THE PERSONAL DATA AND INFORMATION MEGATRAX MAY
COLLECT FROM YOU AND THE WAY ANY SUCH PERSONAL DATA AND INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE
TO MEGATRAX PRODUCTION MUSIC, LLC (“MEGATRAX”) MAY BE USED. BY
USING THE WEBSITE, YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE TO AND ACCEPT ALL OF THE TERMS AND
CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY CONTAINED HEREIN IN FULL. YOU MUST REFRAIN FOR ANY USE OF THE MEGATRAX WEBSITE,
IF YOU HAVE ANY OBJECTION TO ANY OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONs STATED HEREIN.
This Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) in
no way affects, alters or amends any privacy policy you may or may not have in
any other agreement(s) in which you may have with Megatrax and/or any of the Megatrax
licensees and affiliates. To the extent
that there is a conflict between this Privacy Policy stated herein and said
agreement(s), the terms and conditions in such agreement(s) shall govern and
control said agreement(s).
1. PERSONAL
INFORMATION MEGATRAX COLLECTS
Megatrax may collection information from you
in connection with your use of the Site and/or your use, in any manner, of the
production music and/or content (“Content”) on the Site, including, without
limitation to the following information.
Profile Information. If you elect to become a registered user of
the website, www.megatrax.com, (the “Site”) and establish an account with
Megatrax, you will be required to create a username and password (together, the
“User ID”) and provide the following information: your name; your company’s
name, your email address, mailing address, country and phone number. If you enter into a license agreement with
Megatrax, you may also provide additional information at your election, by way
of example, your specific location, contacts, your project titles, invoice and
billing information, etc.
Activity Information.
When you access or use the Site on one or more devices, request information
from Megatrax, sign-up for the Megatrax email list, access an offer that
Megatrax may provide, fill out a survey, request customer support or otherwise
contact Megatrax in any way, Megatrax may collect information including the
email address, postal address, and telephone or mobile number you may provide in
connection with such activity.
Social Media or Other Third-Party Service
Account Information.
When you login, access, or otherwise connect the Site to or
through a social media or other third-party service (e.g., YouTube, Facebook, Word
Press, LinkedIn, Twitter, etc.), Megatrax may collect certain information about
you from that service, including your email address, telephone number,
birthdate, user ID or username, and password associated with that service. Subject to choices you have made in your
registration with, and privacy settings on, such social media or other
third-party services, Megatrax may also receive information about you, such as
your public profile information, photos, pages you have "liked", and
other account and profile data.
Public Information.
When you publicly post or share comments, content or other information in
connection with Megatrax, the Site, and/or the Content on a social media
platform and/or other third-party service, Megatrax may collect information
about you that accompanies such posts, including your user ID, or username,
email address, and avatar.
Information
Autmatically Disclosed.
Megatrax may use a variety of technologies such as web beacons, pixel
tags, log files, local shared objects, application program interfaces, software
development kits, or other technologies to automatically collect certain
information about visitors to, and users of, the Site. For example, the information Megatrax may
automatically collect may include, but is not limited to:
Technical
and device information, including your browser or device type,
unique identifier of any of your computer(s), mobile device(s), or other
device(s) used to access or use the Site, IP address, mobile device model,
mobile device operating system and streaming URL.
Usage
information, including the date and time you visit
the Site, the areas or pages of the Sites that you visit, the amount of time
you spend viewing or using the Site, the number of times you return to the
Site, other Site or app usage data (such as when you link to a third-party
service), and emails or other communications that you open, forward or
click-through to our Site, and your interaction with songs, playlists and/or
other and related audiovisual content, including, without limitation, the
Content you stream and/or download, any Content you add to a project, any
Content you request a license and any and all information provided on any such
license. If you access your Megatrax
account on multiple devices or browsers, Megatrax may associate your usage
information across one or more devices with your account.
Location
information, when you access or use the Site,
including location information either provided by a mobile device interacting
with the Site (including through beacon technologies), or associated with your
IP address, where Megatrax is permitted by applicable law.
Megatrax may also use Service Providers to
support the Site, better understand how you are using the Site, deliver and improve the Site and related
content, personalize your experience, communicate with you and respond to and
process your requests and orders, and help Megatrax serve more personalized
advertising to you on the Site and third-party sites and apps. Some of these third parties may use
technologies such as cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, log files, application
program interfaces, or software development kits to receive, collect, and store
information about you.
2. USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Megatrax may use your personal information for
various reasons, including, but not limited to:
To respond to your inquiries and submissions,
process your orders or fulfill your license order, requests, provide you with
notices, invoices, news, events, new services and new Content (unless you choose
not to opt in to receive certain types of communications), changes to your
account and changes to the Megatrax policies, and to contact and communicate
with you when necessary or as other otherwise allowed by this Privacy Policy;
To enhance your experience and provide you
with customized content and messaging on the Site, including providing you with
personalized content, recommendations about that you might enjoy, and to
identify and link to your account across devices that you may use to access the
Site;
To provide you with personalized offers and advertising
on and off the Site, including via email, push notifications, or across other
websites, mobile applications, devices, social media or third-party services
that you use;
To provide, optimize, measure, or improve the
Site, Content, videos, operations and/or technologies used in connection
therewith;
To use your data in an aggregated or
de-identified format for analytical, demographic, marketing, or other similar
purposes;
Detect, investigate and prevent activities that
may in our sole discretion violate our policies or be illegal;
To carry out our obligations and enforce our
rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and Megatrax; and,
For other purposes disclosed at the time you
provide your information or otherwise with your consent.
Megatrax may also use your personal
information, in good faith, in the event Megatrax deems it necessary to protect
and/or defend the legal rights and property of Megatrax, Megatrax’s agents,
licensees, distributors and/or contractors, to protect the security and safety
of the Site and other users, either individually or as a whole, and in order to
confirm with the requirements of all applicable laws, without limitation.
3. SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Megatrax does not lease or sell your personal
information to any outside third party, except to the extent as disclosed in
this Privacy Policy. Megatrax may share
your personal information with third parties for the purpose of processing
license fees and, with service providers, for the purpose of administrating and
maintaining the Site’s services, features, functions and operations, including,
but not limited to, processing payments, storing data and/or conducting audits.
Your personal information may be disclosed as
part of a merger, acquisition or sale of Megatrax and/or its assets. Such information may also be disclosed in the
event of a bankruptcy, insolvency and/or receivership in any court having
jurisdiction thereof.
Megatrax may share your information with third
parties to enforce Megatrax’s Terms and Conditions or policies, including this
Privacy Policy, to ensure the safety and security of the Megatrax customers and
third-parties, to protect the rights and property of Megatrax and the rights of
third-parties.
Megatrax may also disclose aggregate,
anonymous or de-identified information about our users and information that
does not identify any individual, without restriction, including to third
parties for their marketing or analytics uses.
Megatrax also may share your information as
disclosed to you at the time of collection with your consent.
4. SECURITY
Megatrax will use standard security procedures
and practices to safeguard your personal information. You acknowledge and agree that there is no degree
of security measures that can be taken which can guarantee that any information
is completely secure and, as such, Megatrax does not guarantee the security of
your personal information. You further
acknowledge that you are transmitting your personal information to Megatrax and
do so at your own risk. Your User ID
protects your user account and you agree to use a unique and strong password,
limit access to your computer and/or browser, keep your User ID strictly
confidential, change your password periodically, and log out of your account
after each use.
You shall be solely responsible for any and
all access to the Site and/or use of the content therewith which was done with
your User ID, whether or not you are responsible for such access, authorized
such access and/or such access was authorized on your behalf. You agree to promptly notify Megatrax in
writing of any and all known or suspected unauthorized uses of your User ID and
to immediately change your password for your User ID.
Megatrax reserves the right to block, suspend
and/or terminate access, use and registration privileges to you and/or any user
of the Site if Megatrax believes, in its sole discretion, that the identity of
said user may not be valid.
5. Your Account and Profiles
Megatrax may use technology that allows it to
recognize you so that you do not need to log-in to your account each time you
use the Site. If you no longer want
Megatrax to identify you in this manner, you can log-out of your account on the
applicable device. You understand that
if you allow others to access your Megatrax account, they will be able to view
and modify any profiles, projects, and any other setting associated with your
account. As the account holder, you are
responsible for maintaining the privacy and security of your account, as well
as the usage by those with whom you allow shared access.
6. Your Controls and Choices
Megatrax provides you the ability to exercise
certain controls and choices regarding its collection, use and sharing of your
information in connection with the Site. In accordance with applicable law, such
controls and choices may include:
Account Information
If you wish to verify, correct, update or
delete your account, please contact Megatrax at the address or e-mail in Section
9 “Contact Information” as stated below. If you choose to delete your account, Megatrax
may still retain certain information for analytical purposes and recordkeeping
integrity, as well as to prevent fraud, resolve disputes, enforce Megatrax’s
Terms and Conditions, or other policies, including this Privacy Policy, take
actions Megatrax may deem necessary due to technical and legal requirements,
and as dictated by constraints related to the security, integrity, and operation
of the Site and services provided by Megatrax.
Opt-In Preferences
When you register for the Site, you may choose
to receive emails from Megatrax with updates, offers, and other information
related to your account with Megatrax. If you do not want to receive such emails you
may uncheck the box allowing for the delivery of such notification or you may click
on the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email. Even if you unsubscribe from receiving such
marketing emails, Megatrax may still send you transactional emails.
Online Tracking and Advertising
Certain parts of the services and the Site
require the use of tracking technologies, such as Web beacons. You are free to adjust your browser and/or
operating system settings to limit certain tracking, but by doing so, you may
not be able to use certain features in the Site or take full advantage of all
of our offerings. Please refer to your
browser's or operating system's website "Help" section for more
information on how to control your tracking preferences.
Megatrax may use certain technologies to
deliver more relevant advertising and to link data collected across other
computers or devices that you may use. To
understand your choices for receiving more relevant advertising or to manage
your online tracking or advertising preferences, please review the information
below:
Megatrax adheres to the DAA's Self-Regulatory
Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising. You may choose not to receive targeted
advertising from many ad networks, data exchanges, marketing analytics and
other service providers, by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance's (DAA)
opt-out page at http://www.aboutads.info/choices, or the DAA's AppChoices tool
at http://youradchoices.com/appchoices.
On your mobile device, you may also adjust
your privacy and advertising settings to control whether you want to receive
more relevant advertising.
Changing your online tracking or advertising
preferences will not impact collection, use, or sharing of information by Megatrax
for other purposes, such as those relating to the access, processing, fulfillment
or delivery of the Content.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, you may
request information about the disclosure of personal information to third
parties for their direct marketing purposes. Pursuant to California Civil Code Section
1798.83(c)(2), Megatrax does not share your personal information with third
parties for their direct marketing purposes unless you provide your consent to
such sharing. To make a request for
information about our disclosure of personal information to third parties for
their direct marketing purposes, please contact Megatrax at 7629 Fulton Avenue,
North Hollywood, California 91605, Attn: Business Affairs. You must put the statement "Your
California Privacy Rights" in the subject field. Megatrax is not responsible for notices that
are not labeled or sent improperly, or do not have complete information.
7. THIRD-PARTY
CONTENT, LINKS AND PLUG-INS
The Site may contain links to other sites and
applications not owned or controlled by Megatrax and as such, Megatrax is not
responsible for the privacy practices of those sites and applications. Megatrax encourages you to be aware when you
leave the Site and to read the privacy policies of other sites and applications
that may collect your personal information.
Independent of the ability to use a social or
other third-party service to login or access the Site and/or your account, Megatrax
may also offer you the specific ability to interact with social media services
on or through the Site, including through plugins, widgets, iFrames, software
development kits, or application program interfaces (collectively, "Social
Plug-Ins"). These Social Plug-Ins
may allow Megatrax and/or the applicable social media service to receive data
from or about you. In some cases,
Megatrax may know that you clicked on a Social Plug-In, such as a Facebook or
Twitter Follow button, or receive other information from the social media
services. Similarly, if you have
previously provided personal information to a social media service operating a
plug-in on the Site, then such social media service may recognize you on the Site.
Your use of Social Plug-Ins is subject
to each social media services' privacy policy, which may be different from
Megatrax’s, so please read these policies carefully to understand their
policies and your options. As with
linked sites, Megatrax has no control over the information that is collected,
stored, or used by Social Plug-Ins, and is not responsible for the practices of
such services.
8. PRIVACY
POLICY CHANGES
Megatrax hereby reserves the right to change
any of the provisions contained in this Privacy Policy at any time, in its sole
discretion, and no waiver will be effective to any said change unless the same
is in writing and signed by Megatrax. It
is your responsibility to check the Privacy Policy of the Site regularly to
determine if there has been any change(s), and in the event there has been,
that such change(s) are acceptable. Your
continued use of the Site after any and all change(s) shall be deemed your unfettered
acceptance of any such change(s). If any
such change(s) to this Privacy Policy are not acceptable to you, you must immediately
refrain from any further use of the Site and/or its content. If and when any change(s) are made to the
Privacy Policy, the “last updated” date will be updated as well to reflect the
date of change.
9. CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have a comment or question about the Megatrax
Privacy Policy, please contact Megatrax at:
Name: Business Affairs Department
Address: 7629 Fulton Avenue, North Hollywood,
California 91605
Email: info@megatrax.com
Phone Number: (818) 255-7100
These Terms and Conditions were last updated
on March 19, 2018.
Browse Volumes
Search Tracks
Catalogs
Why Megatrax
Support
Contact Us  |  Subscribe  |  FAQ  |  Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use
Megatrax © 2020 All Rights Reserved
INSTANT LICENSING STEPS
1.
Register(New users only).
2.
Select your track.
3.
Add the track toyour shopping cart.
4.
Select your license type.
5.
Fill in production nameand description.
6.
Pay via credit card.
7.
Click agree to synclicense terms.
8.
You'll immediately receive
download links in the
following formats: MP3 320,
AIFF 44.1kHz, AIFF 48kHz,
WAV 44.1kHz, WAV 48kHz.
Licensed tracks will be
available for download
anytime for 14 days.
NOTE: Instant licensing is available for limited
clearances in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, Central America
and South America.
For all other territories and
licensing queries, please contact info@megatrax.com.
Login to Megatrax.com
Email
Password
Keep me logged in
Don't have an account? Register
Forgot password?
Password Recovery
If you have lost your account password, simply enter your email address below. Directions for resetting your password will be emailed to the address on file.
Email
If you do not have access to the email address, you may not be able to recover your account without first calling our technical support at 818-255-7100.
Register
Please provide us with your email address and a password.Please note: passwords must be at least 8 characters long, contain one letter, one upper-case letter, one number, and one symbol.
Email Address
Password
Confirm Password
So that we may locate your licensing account, please provide the following information:
*First Name
*Last Name
*Telephone
*Company
Business Type
Job Title
*Address 1
Address 2
*City
*State/Province
*Postal Code
*Country
Select Country
Afghanistan (AF)Albania (AL)Algeria (DZ)American Samoa (AS)Andorra (AD)Angola (AO)Anguilla (AI)Antarctica (AQ)Antigua and Barbuda (AG)Argentina (AR)Armenia (AM)Aruba (AW)Australia (AU)Austria (AT)Azerbaijan (AZ)Bahamas (BS)Bahrain (BH)Bangladesh (BD)Barbados (BB)Belarus (BY)Belgium (BE)Belize (BZ)Benin (BJ)Bermuda (BM)Bhutan (BT)Bolivia (BO)Bosnia and Herzegovina (BA)Botswana (BW)Bouvet Island (BV)Brazil (BR)British Indian Ocean Territory (IO)Brunei Darussalam (BN)Bulgaria (BG)Burkina Faso (BF)Burundi (BI)Cambodia (KH)Cameroon (CM)Canada (CA)Cape Verde (CV)Cayman Islands (KY)Central African Republic (CF)Chad (TD)Chile (CL)China (CN)Christmas Island (CX)Cocos (Keeling) Islands (CC)Colombia (CO)Comoros (KM)Congo (CG)Congo, the Democratic Republic of the (CD)Cook Islands (CK)Costa Rica (CR)Cote D'Ivoire (CI)Croatia (HR)Cuba (CU)Cyprus (CY)Czech Republic (CZ)Democratic People's Republic of Korea (KP)Denmark (DK)Djibouti (DJ)Dominica (DM)Dominican Republic (DO)Ecuador (EC)Egypt (EG)El Salvador (SV)Equatorial Guinea (GQ)Eritrea (ER)Estonia (EE)Ethiopia (ET)Falkland Islands (Malvinas) (FK)Faroe Islands (FO)Fiji (FJ)Finland (FI)France (FR)French Guiana (GF)French Polynesia (PF)French Southern Territories (TF)Gabon (GA)Gambia (GM)Georgia (GE)Germany (DE)Ghana (GH)Gibraltar (GI)Greece (GR)Greenland (GL)Grenada (GD)Guadeloupe (GP)Guam (GU)Guatemala (GT)Guinea (GN)Guinea-Bissau (GW)Guyana (GY)Haiti (HT)Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands (HM)Holy See (Vatican City State) (VA)Honduras (HN)Hong Kong (HK)Hungary (HU)Iceland (IS)India (IN)Indonesia (ID)Iran, Islamic Republic of (IR)Iraq (IQ)Ireland (IE)Israel (IL)Italy (IT)Jamaica (JM)Japan (JP)Jordan (JO)Kazakhstan (KZ)Kenya (KE)Kiribati (KI)Kuwait (KW)Kyrgyzstan (KG)Lao People's Democratic Republic (LA)Latvia (LV)Lebanon (LB)Lesotho (LS)Liberia (LR)Libyan Arab Jamahiriya (LY)Liechtenstein (LI)Lithuania (LT)Luxembourg (LU)Macao (MO)Macedonia, the Former Yugoslav Republic of (MK)Madagascar (MG)Malawi (MW)Malaysia (MY)Maldives (MV)Mali (ML)Malta (MT)Marshall Islands (MH)Martinique (MQ)Mauritania (MR)Mauritius (MU)Mayotte (YT)Mexico (MX)Micronesia, Federated States of (FM)Moldova, Republic of (MD)Monaco (MC)Mongolia (MN)Montserrat (MS)Morocco (MA)Mozambique (MZ)Myanmar (MM)Namibia (NA)Nauru (NR)Nepal (NP)Netherlands (NL)Netherlands Antilles (AN)New Caledonia (NC)New Zealand (NZ)Nicaragua (NI)Niger (NE)Nigeria (NG)Niue (NU)Norfolk Island (NF)Northern Mariana Islands (MP)Norway (NO)Oman (OM)Pakistan (PK)Palau (PW)Palestinian Territory, Occupied (PS)Panama (PA)Papua New Guinea (PG)Paraguay (PY)Peru (PE)Philippines (PH)Pitcairn (PN)Poland (PL)Portugal (PT)Puerto Rico (PR)Qatar (QA)Republic of Korea (KR)Reunion (RE)Romania (RO)Russian Federation (RU)Rwanda (RW)Saint Helena (SH)Saint Kitts and Nevis (KN)Saint Lucia (LC)Saint Pierre and Miquelon (PM)Saint Vincent and the Grenadines (VC)Samoa (WS)San Marino (SM)Sao Tome and Principe (ST)Saudi Arabia (SA)Select Country (00)Senegal (SN)Serbia and Montenegro (CS)Seychelles (SC)Sierra Leone (SL)Singapore (SG)Slovakia (SK)Slovenia (SI)Solomon Islands (SB)Somalia (SO)South Africa (ZA)South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands (GS)Spain (ES)Sri Lanka (LK)Staff (DS)Sudan (SD)Suriname (SR)Svalbard and Jan Mayen (SJ)Swaziland (SZ)Sweden (SE)Switzerland (CH)Syrian Arab Republic (SY)Taiwan, Province of China (TW)Tajikistan (TJ)Tanzania, United Republic of (TZ)Thailand (TH)Timor-Leste (TL)Togo (TG)Tokelau (TK)Tonga (TO)Trinidad and Tobago (TT)Tunisia (TN)Turkey (TR)Turkmenistan (TM)Turks and Caicos Islands (TC)Tuvalu (TV)Uganda (UG)Ukraine (UA)United Arab Emirates (AE)United Kingdom (GB)United States (US)United States Minor Outlying Islands (UM)Uruguay (UY)Uzbekistan (UZ)Vanuatu (VU)Venezuela (VE)Viet Nam (VN)Virgin Islands, British (VG)Virgin Islands, U.s. (VI)Wallis and Futuna (WF)Western Sahara (EH)Yemen (YE)Zambia (ZM)Zimbabwe (ZW)
Website
Language
English
Spanish
Portuguese
*
I agree to the Terms of Use
I would like to receive Email from Megatrax -> Click here to receive news from Megatrax including new release alerts
Processing registration
FIND IT FOR ME
in one of three ways:
Live Chat
EMAIL REQUEST
CALL 1-888-MEGA-555 (1-888-634-2555)