http://www.arch.tamu.edu/inside/site-policies/
Site Policies
College of Architecture Contact Information
Links to state resources
Texas home page
Texas Homeland Security
Texas A&M University Links
University homepage
Privacy and Security Rules
Web Accessibility
System Open Records Policy
Public Social Media Notification
Texas A&M College of Architecture Web Privacy and Security Policy
Texas A&M College of Architecture follows the State of Texas Institution of Higher Education Website Link and Privacy Policy.
Information Technology Services and the Communications Office maintain the College of Architecture websites as a public service.
The following is the privacy and security policy for this site:
Cookies
We do not use cookies to collect information. (Note: A cookie file contains unique information a website can use to track such things as passwords, lists of pages you've visited, and the date when you last looked at a specific page or to identify your session at a particular website.)
Personally Identifiable Information
If you send us an electronic mail message with a question or comment that contains personally identifying information, or fill out a form that emails us this information, we will use the personally-identifiable information only to respond to your request and analyze trends. We may redirect your message to another government agency or person who is in a better position to answer your question.
Analytics & Statistics
For site management functions, information is collected and may be used for analysis and statistical purposes. We may use this information to create summary statistics, which are used for purposes such as assessing what information is of most interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas.
We also may use this information for site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users by detecting unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this service are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Texas Penal Code Chapters 33 (Computer Crimes) or 33A (Telecommunications Crimes).
The following information is collected for this analysis:
User Client hostname - The hostname (or IP address if DNS is disabled) of the user/client requesting access.
HTTP header, "user-agent" - The user-agent information includes the type of browser, its version, and the operating system it's running on.
HTTP header, "referrer" - The referrer specifies the page from which the client accessed the current page.
System date - The date and time of the user/client request. Full request - The exact request the user/client made.
Status - The status code the server returned to the user/client.
Content length - The content length, in bytes, of the document sent to the user/client.
Method - The request method used.
Universal Resource Identifier (URI) - The location of a resource on the server.
Query string of the URI - Anything after the question mark in a URI.
Protocol - The transport protocol and version used.
Information Security
We employ extensive security measures consistent with the Texas Administrative Code (TAC) "Information Security Standards" and Texas A&M University Rules and Standard Administrative Procedures to protect against unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or destruction of information under our control, as well as the loss, misuse, or alteration of our websites and/or associated electronic information resources. The information resources that support our websites undergo an annual information security risk assessment per the Texas A&M University Security Controls Catalog control RA-3.
Information Access
The Texas Public Information Act, with a few exceptions, gives you the right to be informed about the information our websites collect about you. It also gives you the right to request a copy of that information, and to have the university correct any of that information. You may request to receive and review any of this information, or request corrections to it, by contacting the appropriate public information officer.