http://www.sydneytheatre.com.au/privacy-policy
ENews Sign UpRegisterLog inBUY TICKETSMy Cart SYDNEY THEATRE COMPANYWhat’s onBrowse all eventsTicket informationCOVID-19 updateGiftsThirtiesAccessible performancesInsight EventsNow playingRules for LivingThe Picture of Dorian GrayComing soonThe Wharf Revue: Good Night and Good LuckPlaying Beatie BowAppropriateHome, I’m Darling2021Our Act 1 SeasonBenefits of a ticket packageBook NowSTC VirtualYour visitVisitor Safety InformationThe Wharf TheatresRoslyn Packer TheatreWalsh Bay KitchenSydney Opera HouseSydney Opera House DiningBefore, during, after your visitMagazineEducationSchools DaysStudent LearningTeacher LearningResourcesOur CommunityContact STC EducationSupportDonateCorporate OpportunitiesAboutArtistic visionHistoryResident ArtistsInformation for artistsSTC's Wharf Renewal ProjectSTC on tourMediaVenue hireBoard and staffSTC CommitmentsSustainabilityCareersContact LoginRegisterEnews Sign upWhat’s on2021STC VirtualYour visitMagazineEducationSupportAboutMy Cart
Privacy Policy
Last updated 14 August 2020
In this Privacy Policy, Company, us, we or our means Sydney Theatre Company Ltd (ABN 87 001 667 983). We are committed to respecting your privacy. Our Privacy Policy sets out how we collect, use, store and disclose your personal information. We are bound by the Australian Privacy Principles contained in the Privacy Act 1998 (Cth) (Privacy Act).
By providing personal information to us, including by purchasing tickets indirectly from one of our ticketing or theatre partners, you consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and any other arrangements that apply between us. We may change our Privacy Policy from time to time by publishing changes to it on the sydneytheatre.com.au and roslynpackertheatre.com.au websites (the Websites). We encourage you to check our Websites periodically to ensure that you are aware of our current Privacy Policy. Please note that this Privacy Policy should be read in conjunction with (and is subject to) any other privacy statement that the Company may provide to you when we collect your personal information or provide a particular program or service.
Personal information includes information or an opinion about an individual that is reasonably identifiable. For example, this may include your name, age, gender, postcode and contact details. It may also include financial information, including your credit card information.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
We only collect personal information for purposes which are directly related to our services, functions or activities, including producing theatre programmes, operating and hiring out Company venues, involving the community in Company programs and promoting and seeking support and donations for the Company, and only when it is necessary for, or directly related to our purposes. If you do not provide this information we may not be able to provide you with some or all of our services, including tickets to our productions.
We may collect the following types of personal information:
contact details, including name, mailing or street address, email address and telephone number;
financial details, including your bank account number and credit or debit card details;
identification information, including age or date of birth and gender;
details of the products and services you have purchased or that you have enquired about, including any additional information necessary to effect those purchases and respond to your enquiries;
your device ID, device type, geo-location information, computer and connection information, statistics on page views, traffic to and from the Websites, ad data, IP address and standard web log information;
information you provide to us through customer surveys and any information relating to you that you provide to us directly through our Website or to our representatives, or indirectly through your use of our Website or through other websites or accounts from which you permit us to collect information;
information about you contained in images or video from CCTV cameras installed at our venues, in compliance with relevant surveillance legislation;
with your consent, your health or sensitive information, such as access seating requirements, recent travel destinations, body temperature, cold/flu like symptoms, and trade union membership details; or
any other personal information that may be required in order to facilitate your dealings with us.
We may collect these types of personal information either directly from you, or from third parties, such as individuals who purchase tickets on your behalf or your employer. We may collect this information:
when you register on our Website;
when you purchase tickets, or a person purchases tickets on your behalf, to our theatre productions, or to productions staged at our venues;
when you donate to us or otherwise support the Company;
when you communicate with us through correspondence, chats, email, or when you share information with us from other social applications, services or websites;
when you visit our venues or work locations;
when you interact with our Websites, services, content and advertising; or
from our partners, including third party suppliers, such as theatre and ticketing organisations, and third party service providers.
We may also collect your personal information if you are, or are employed by, our production partners, organisations that hire our venues, our suppliers (including service and content providers), contractors, agents and other partners.
In addition, when you apply for a job or position with us we may collect certain information from you (including your name, contact details, working history and relevant records checks) from any recruitment consultant, your previous employers and others who may be able to provide information to us to assist in our decision on whether or not to make you an offer of employment or engage you under a contract. This Privacy Policy does not apply to acts and practices in relation to employee records of our current and former employees, which are exempt from the Privacy Act.
WHY DO WE COLLECT, USE AND DISCLOSE PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We may collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information for the following purposes:
to provide you with, and allow you to redeem, tickets to our theatre programs, including season tickets and gift vouchers;
to engage with, and acknowledge the support of, current and potential donors;
to enable you to access and use our Websites;
to ensure we operate as a COVIDsafe environment following the advice or direction of NSW Health;
to operate, protect, improve and optimise our Websites, programs, services and our users’ experience, such as to perform analytics, conduct research and for advertising and marketing;
to send you reminders, notifications in case of changes in the date or time or a performance and information requested by you;
to send you marketing and promotional messages, information about upcoming performances, and other information that may be of interest to you, including information sent by, or on behalf of, our partners that we think you may find interesting;
to administer rewards, surveys, contests, or other promotional activities or events sponsored or managed by us or our partners;
to comply with our legal obligations, resolve any disputes that we may have with any of our users, and enforce our agreements with third parties; and
to consider your employment application.
We may use or disclose information we hold about you in order to combine such information with information about you collected from or held by other trusted partners or from public sources and, in some cases, we may use a trusted service provider to undertake this process. We do this so that we and those other trusted partners can better understand your preferences and interests, personalise your experience and enhance the products and services that you receive in order to serve you better.
DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR DIRECT MARKETING?
Making you aware of carefully selected information about the Company, its programs and initiatives and other theatre related programs and services is an integral part of our services. We may use and disclose your personal information to tailor the communications you receive, to tell you about programs or initiatives provided by the Company or our partners that may appeal to you and to engage with you in relation to, and provide you information about, donations and other philanthropic opportunities.
We may also disclose to our trusted partners or media agencies, such as Facebook and Google, anonymised identifiers which are allocated to you, and which are associated with other information that we hold about you. We do this so that we can provide you with tailored information and content when you visit the websites of, or interact with, those partners and agencies.
These communications may take the form of emails, SMS, mail or other forms of communication, in accordance with the Spam Act 2003 (Cth) and the Privacy Act. If you do not want to receive marketing materials from us, please opt-out by using the opt-out facilities provided in the communication (eg. an unsubscribe link) or by contacting us using the details set out below.
TO WHOM DO WE DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We may disclose personal information for the purposes described in this privacy policy to:
our employees and related bodies corporate;
third party suppliers and service providers (including mail houses, IT providers, payment systems providers, consultants, contractors, agents and persons who collaborate with us or help us deliver programs and events);
where we partner with another theatre or ticketing organisation for a production, or an organisation hires our venues for a production, to those organisations and their service providers;
our sponsors or promoters of any competition that we conduct via our services;
anyone to whom our assets or businesses (or any part of them) are transferred;
specific third parties authorised by you to receive information held by us, including payment system operators (including merchants receiving card payments); and/or
other persons, including government agencies, regulatory bodies and law enforcement agencies, or as required, authorised or permitted by law.
In order to improve future programming and marketing, we may use or disclose ticketing information with other artistic companies and agencies for research purposes. We will only disclose this information where we have aggregated and processed the information into a format such that you will not be able to be identified.
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION OUTSIDE AUSTRALIA
We may disclose personal information outside of Australia to our third party service providers, including providers located in the United States.
When you provide your personal information to us, you consent to the disclosure of your information outside of Australia and acknowledge that we are not required to ensure that overseas recipients handle that personal information in compliance with Australian Privacy Law. We will, however, take reasonable steps to ensure that any overseas recipient will deal with such personal information in a way that is consistent with the Australian Privacy Principles and this Privacy Policy.
USING OUR WEBSITE AND COOKIES
We may collect personal information about you when you use and access our website.
While we do not use browsing information to identify you personally, we may record certain information about your use of our website, such as which pages you visit, the time and date of your visit and the internet protocol address assigned to your computer.
We may also use 'cookies' or other similar tracking technologies on our website that help us track your website usage, remember your preferences and facilitate online transactions. Cookies are small files that store information on your computer, TV, mobile phone or other device. They enable the entity that puts the cookie on your device to recognise you across different websites, services, devices and/or browsing sessions. You can disable cookies through your internet browser but our websites may not work as intended for you if you do so.
We may also use cookies to enable us to collect data that may include personal information. For example, where a cookie is linked to your account, it will be considered personal information under the Privacy Act. We will handle any personal information collected by cookies in the same way that we handle all other personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
SECURITY
We may hold your personal information in either electronic or hard copy form. We take reasonable steps to protect your personal information from misuse, interference and loss, as well as unauthorised access, modification or disclosure and we use a number of physical, administrative, personnel and technical measures to protect your personal information. However, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information.
LINKS
Our website may contain links to websites operated by third parties. Those links are provided for convenience and may not remain current or be maintained. Unless expressly stated otherwise, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of, or any content on, those linked websites, and have no control over or rights in those linked websites. The privacy policies that apply to those other websites may differ substantially from our Privacy Policy, so we encourage individuals to read them before using those websites.
ACCESSING OR CORRECTING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You can access the personal information we hold about you by contacting us using the information below. Sometimes, we may not be able to provide you with access to all of your personal information and, where this is the case, we will tell you why. We may also need to verify your identity when you request your personal information.
If you think that any personal information we hold about you is inaccurate, please contact us and we will take reasonable steps to ensure that it is corrected.
MAKING A COMPLAINT
If you think we have breached the Privacy Act, or you wish to make a complaint about the way we have handled your personal information, you can contact us using the details set out below. Please include your name, email address and/or telephone number and clearly describe your complaint. We will acknowledge your complaint and respond to you regarding your complaint within a reasonable period of time. If you think that we have failed to resolve the complaint satisfactorily, we will provide you with information about the further steps you can take.
CONTACT US
For further information about our Privacy Policy or practices, or to access or correct your personal information, or make a complaint, please contact us using the details set out below:
The Privacy Officer
Sydney Theatre Company
PO Box 777
Millers Point NSW 2000
privacy@sydneytheatre.com.au
T: (02) 9250 1700
F: (02) 9251 3687
You may also contact us in person at 22 Hickson Road, Walsh Bay, NSW.