https://www.reddwarf.co.uk/terms
Our use of cookies
We use necessary cookies to make our site work. We'd also like to set optional analytics cookies to help us improve it. Saving these settings will set a cookie on your device to remember your preferences.
For more detailed information about the cookies we used, see our Privacy Policy.
Necessary cookies
Necessary cookies enable core functionality such as security and site preferences. You may disable these by changing your browser settings, but this may affect how the website functions.
Analytics cookies
We'd like to set Google Analytics cookies to help us to improve our website by collecting and reporting information on how you use it. For more information on how these cookies work, please see our Privacy Policy. The cookies collection information in an anonymous form.
Accept
Save and close
NewsAboutWatchBuyExplore
FeaturesComplete GuideSpace Corps DatabaseGallery
Beyond
Quarantine CommentariesLockdown TheatreGames & QuizzesLinksFan ClubHelp/FAQ
Terms of use for www.reddwarf.co.uk
If you disagree with any of the below terms of use, please do not use this site.
TRADEMARKS COPYRIGHTS AND RESTRICTIONS
1. TRADE MARK & COPYRIGHT 1989-2020 BY GRANT NAYLOR
PRODUCTIONS LTD. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. All materials on this site, including,
but not limited to images, illustrations, audio clips, and video clips
(collectively the "Material") is protected by copyrights owned, licensed to
or controlled by Grant Naylor Productions Ltd. UNAUTHORISED COPYING,
REPRODUCTION, REPUBLISHING, UPLOADING, DOWNLOADING, POSTING, TRANSMITTING OR
DUPLICATING OF ANY OF THE MATERIAL IS PROHIBITED.
2. Your use of this site constitutes your agreement to
abide by these Terms of Use.
Grant Naylor Productions Ltd, and their agents
and assignees, as applicable ("Grant Naylor Productions Ltd") reserve the right,
in their sole discretion, to modify, alter or otherwise update these Terms
of Use at any time and you agree be bound by such modifications, alterations
or updates.
You agree to review these Terms of Use on a periodic basis.
3. Grant Naylor Productions Ltd hereby grants you a personal,
non-exclusive, non-assignable and non-transferable license to use and display,
for home, noncommercial and personal use only, one copy of any Material and/or
software that you may download from this site, including, but not limited to,
any files, codes, text, audio or images incorporated in or generated by the
oftware (collectively the "Downloaded Material") provided, however, that you
must maintain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in such
Downloaded Material. You acknowledge and agree that you may not sublicense,
assign or otherwise transfer this license or the Downloaded Material and
that no title to the Downloaded Material has been or will be transferred
to you from Grant Naylor Productions Ltd or anyone else.
You also agree
that you will not alter, disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer or otherwise
modify the Downloaded Material.
SUBMISSIONS POLICY
4. Although we welcome your comments on the Red Dwarf show
and this site, Grant Naylor Productions Ltd does not accept unsolicited
submissions for its shows, sites and other products.
Therefore, please
do not make any such submissions to Grant Naylor Productions Ltd through
this site or otherwise including story ideas, character ideas, plot suggestions,
set or costume designs, or scripts.
Grant Naylor Productions Ltd generally
does not review any such submissions.
While we appreciate your comments,
Grant Naylor Productions Ltd. cannot make a guarantee that it will respond
to your messages.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you do send us a submission,
you shall assign all rights in the submission to Grant Naylor Productions
Ltd and agree not to assert any ownership right of any kind in the submission
(including, but not limited to copyright, trademark, unfair competition,
moral rights, or implied contract) and you waive the right to receive any
financial or other consideration in connection with such unsolicited submission
including but not limited to credit.
LINKED SITES
5. Grant Naylor Productions Ltd is not necessarily affiliated
with sites which may be linked to this site	(including but not limited to
the Arcade Games Site, the Red Dwarf Shop Sites) and is not responsible
for their	content ("Linked Sites").
The Linked Sites are for your
convenience only and you access them at your own risk.
DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS
6. Grant Naylor Productions Ltd. is not responsible or liable
for any virus, infections or contamination of your system or delays,
interruptions, inaccuracies, errors, or omissions what occur or which arise
out of your use of this site or with respect to the Material contained on
this site.
This site and all Materials contained on it are distributed and
transmitted "as is" without warranties of any kind, either express or implied,
including, without limitation, warranties of title or implied warranties
of satisfactory quality or fitness for a particular purpose.
The entire risk
as to the quality, accuracy, adequacy, completeness, correctness and validity
of any Material rests with you.
Grant Naylor Productions Ltd. is not
responsible for any special, indirect, incidental, or consequential damages
that may result from the use of, or the inability to use, the Materials
contained on this site whether the material is provided or otherwise supplied
by Grant Naylor Productions Ltd or anyone else.
Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in no event shall Grant Naylor Productions Ltd's total liability to you for
any and all claims, damages, losses, and causes of action (whether in contract
or tort or otherwise) exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing
this site.
RULES FOR BULLETIN BOARDS AND CHATROOMS
Grant Naylor Productions Ltd is not responsible for any user-generated material
("Content") posted on the Bulletin Boards, Chat Rooms or other forums conducted
on this site ("Forums"). Any content published on these forums expresses the views
of its author only.
You shall not upload, transmit, distribute or otherwise publish through such Forums
any content which:
a) libels, defames, or is obscene, pornographic, indecent, abusive, or threatening
or incites violence, sadistic, cruelty or racial hatred;
b) infringes any intellectual property right of any entity or person, including,
but not limited to violating anyones copyrights or trademarks;
c) violates any law;
d) advocates illegal activity; or
e) advertises or otherwise solicits funds or is a solicitation for goods or services
(collectively "Non-Approved Material");
f) which gives the impression that the content originated from Grant Naylor Productions
Limited.
You agree to indemnify Grant Naylor Productions Ltd for any and all claims, damages,
losses, and causes of action arising out of your submission, publication or transmittal
of Non-Approved Material or your failure to comply with these Terms of Use. While
Grant Naylor Productions Ltd does not and cannot review every message posted by users
in the Forums and is not responsible for the content of these messages, Grant Naylor
Productions Ltd reserves the right to delete, move, or edit messages that it, in its
sole discretion, deems abusive, defamatory, obscene, in violation of copyright or
trademark laws, or otherwise unacceptable without any further liability to you.
All content you submit or upload may be reviewed by staff members. All content you submit
or upload may be sent to third-party verification services (including, but not limited to,
spam prevention services). Do not submit any content that you consider to be private
or confidential.
You are granting us with a non-exclusive, permanent, irrevocable, unlimited license to use,
publish, or re-publish your Content in connection with the Forums. You retain copyright
over the Content.
These terms may be changed at any time without notice.
If you do not agree with these terms, please do not register or use these Forums.
If you wish to close your account, please contact us.
OTHER
8. Grant Naylor Productions Ltd may revise these terms
from time to time by updating or revising this posting, with the revised
terms taking effect as of the date of its posting.
Grant Naylor
Productions Ltd. controls and operates this Web Site from its offices in
London, United Kingdom and makes no representation that these materials
are appropriate or available for use in other locations.
If you use
this Web Site from other locations you are responsible for compliance
with all applicable local laws.
Grant Naylor Productions Ltd products
are available in many parts of the world.
However, this Web Site may
describe products that are not available worldwide.
If any portion of
these terms is held to be unenforceable, the unenforceable portion
shall be construed in accordance with applicable law to the greatest
extent possible and the remainder of the provisions shall remain in
full force and effect.
Any cause of action you may have with respect
to this Web Site must be commenced within one year after the claim or
cause of action arises or such claim or cause of action is barred.
These terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the United Kingdom without regard to its conflicts of law
provisions.
Any legal action arising from your use of this Web Site
shall take place in a court located in the United Kingdom.
These Terms
of Use shall be construed in accordance with the laws of England.
FOLLOW
Facebook
Twitter
FOLLOW
YouTube
RSS Feed
HELP/FAQS
Got a question about Red Dwarf or this website?
Check out our FAQ section and see if we've got an answer for you!
LEGAL
© 2020 Grant Naylor Productions. All rights reserved.
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy