https://www.mtg.com/policies-guidelines/
MTG
About
Our Story
Our Values
Leaders
Corporate Governance
News
Regulatory
General
Features
Press Contacts
Press Images
Subscribe
Brands & Products
Esports
Online Gaming
MTG VC-Fund
Investors
MTG Split
Financial Reports
Annual Report
Presentations
The Share
General Meetings
Calendar
Contacts
Responsibility
How we work
CR Reports
Policies & Guidelines
CR Contacts
Join
Open Positions
ensv
AboutExplore About
Our Story
Our Values
Leaders
Corporate Governance
NewsExplore News
Regulatory
General
Features
Press Contacts
Press Images
Subscribe
Brands & ProductsExplore Brands & Products
Esports
Online Gaming
MTG VC-Fund
InvestorsExplore Investors
MTG Split
Financial Reports
Annual Report
Presentations
The Share
General Meetings
Calendar
Contacts
ResponsibilityExplore Responsibility
How we work
CR Reports
Policies & Guidelines
CR Contacts
JoinExplore Join
Open Positions
Policies & Guidelines
The codes, policies and guidelines that keep us on the straight and narrow.
Choose section
Core Employee PoliciesCorporate Responsibility PolicySupplier Code of ConductPrivacy policy
Core Employee PoliciesCorporate Responsibility PolicySupplier Code of ConductPrivacy policy
Core Employee PoliciesIt’s always good to establish some ground rules. And these are upliftingly no-nonsense. Even if we do say so ourselves. MTG’s employee Code of Conduct and MTG’s anti-bribery and anti-corruption policies outline our views on leading a successful and responsible business.
MTG Code of Conduct
MTG Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy
Something’s not right? MTG’s Whistleblower policy outlines a blow-by-blow account of how to sound that whistle.
MTG Whistleblower Policy
All forms of modern slavery, forced or child labour, exploitation and discrimination are prohibited at MTG, and since we are committed to doing business ethically and responsibly at all times we have prepared this statement in relation to the UK Modern Slavery Act.
MTG Modern Slavery Act Statement
Corporate Responsibility PolicyDownload our corporate responsibility policy here
MTG Corporate Responsibility Policy
Supplier Code of ConductDo the right thing and we’ll do right by you. It’s pretty simple really.
MTG Supplier Code of Conduct
Privacy policyModern Times Group MTG AB, 556309-9158, Skeppsbron 18, Box 2094, 111 30 Stockholm, Sweden (MTG, we, us or our) is the data controller in respect to your personal data and is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy and personal integrity when you use mtg.com (our Service). This Privacy Policy will help you understand what personal data we collect through this Service, why it is collected and how we use it. It will also clarify how you can exercise your rights when you trust us to handle your personal data.
We ask that you take a moment to read this Privacy Policy carefully and familiarise yourself with its contents. If you have any questions, you are welcome to contact us using the contact information provided at the end of this Privacy Policy.
Please note that this Service may contain links to and from websites held by our affiliated brands and products. If you follow a link to any of these websites or use third party services, you should be aware that they have their own privacy policies and that we do not assume any liability for their processing of your personal data. Please read their privacy policies before providing your personal data to them.
What personal data do we collect and why?
When you subscribe to MTG’s press releases and reports using our Service, we collect personal data about you, based on your consent, to facilitate the automatic delivery of regulatory and general press releases to your email inbox once they are published on our Service.
The personal data that you actively provide to us in this case is your e-mail address.
We may also collect other information regarding your use of our Services through cookies and similar technologies. You can find out more about this in our Cookies Policy.
Is it mandatory to provide personal data?
The personal data that we request from you is required by us for administrative and technical reasons in order to provide our Service’s subscription feature. You can unsubscribe from our Service’s communications at any time by using the Unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email you received from us when subscribing, or by contacting comms(at)mtg.com.
Who whom might we share personal data?
Intra-Group transfers
We may disclose your personal data to other companies within the MTG Group if it is necessary for administrative purposes or the provision of our Services to you. MTG Group companies with access to your personal data follow practices consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Third parties for security or other legitimate reasons
We may also disclose your personal data to third parties if we reasonably believe that disclosure of such personal data is necessary:
• to comply with valid legal obligations including subpoenas, court orders, governmental requests or search warrants, and as otherwise authorized by law;
• to protect our rights or property, or the safety of our customers or employees;
• to protect against fraudulent, malicious, abusive, unauthorized or unlawful use of or subscription to our Services and to protect our network, Services, devices and users from such use;
• to advance or defend against complaints or legal claims in court, administrative proceedings and elsewhere;
• as part of mergers & acquisitions, provided that the prospective buyer or seller agree to respect your personal data in a manner consistent with our Privacy Policy;
• to outside auditors and regulators.
Third party suppliers
We may use third party suppliers to perform services for us, such as infrastructure and IT services (including but not limited to data storage), customer services, customer inquiry processing and other statistical analyses. In the performance of these services, third party suppliers may have access to your personal data but are only authorized to process it strictly on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions.
Where do we process personal data?
The personal data that we collect from you may be transferred to and stored at a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”), including destinations that are not subject to a decision by the European Commission establishing an adequate level of protection of personal data. It can be shared with other companies within the MTG Group, and be processed by staff working for us or for one of our suppliers located outside the EEA. Such personnel may, for example, be involved in the fulfilment of your subscription request and execution of our support services. We will take all reasonable necessary steps to ensure that your personal data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and we have adopted appropriate safeguards to protect it. If you wish to have further information or a copy of these safeguards, please contact us using the contact information provided at the end of this Privacy Policy.
How long do we keep personal data?
We will only keep your personal data for as long as we consider necessary for the fulfilment of your subscription request, after which we will securely delete or in some cases anonymise your personal data. We perform regular status checks to review when personal data needs to be deleted. However, as we process personal data for various purposes, the actual period for which your personal data will be stored will depend on the circumstances.
How do we protect personal data?
Safeguarding your personal data is a priority for us. Any personal data that you provide to us is stored on secure servers, and we use rigorous procedures to protect against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal data.
Although we work hard to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee that our safeguards will prevent every unauthorized attempt to access, use or disclose personal data. However, in the event of a physical or technical incident, we maintain security and incident response plans to handle such incidents in a timely manner and limit any negative effect of such incidents.
How can you access your personal data?
We understand that you may require further information from us regarding your personal data and how it is processed, or that you may wish to update or correct the personal data with which you have provided us. In light hereof, you have inter alia the following rights:
• Right to access your personal data: you have the right to obtain confirmation from us as to whether or not personal data concerning you are being processed, and, where that is the case, access to the personal data and information.
• Right to rectification of personal data: if you find that personal data that we process about you is inaccurate, you have the right to have us correct such personal data.
• Right to erasure of personal data (right to be forgotten): under certain circumstances, such as if your personal data has been unlawfully processed or you have withdrawn your consent (if the processing of your personal data is based on consent), you have the right to request and obtain erasure of your personal data from us.
• Right to restriction of processing: under certain circumstances, such as if you question the accuracy of your personal data or you have objected to our legitimate purpose to process your personal data, you have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data until a solution has been found.
• Right to object to processing: under certain circumstances, such as if you question our legitimate interest to process your personal data, you have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to such processing.
• Right to data portability: if your personal data is processed by automated means based on your consent or for the fulfilment of our contractual relationship, you have the right to request that we provide you with your personal data on a machine-readable format for transmission to another data controller.
• Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority: you have the right to lodge a complaint regarding our processing of your personal data with your supervisory authority.
Please contact us using the contact details provided below to make a request in respect of your rights. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to respond to your request within 30 days of receiving such a request. If we cannot honour your request within the 30-day period, we will let you know the reasons why and when we expect to be able to fulfil your request.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. Therefore, you should make sure to review the latest version of this Policy on a regular basis. We will post any Privacy Policy changes here, and, if the changes are significant, we will provide you with a more prominent notice such as an email notification. If we change this Privacy Policy in a way that will affect how we use your personal data, we will advise you of the choices you may have as a result of those changes. We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.
Contact
As a subscriber to press releases and reports from MTG, you can unsubscribe at any time by using the Unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email you received when subscribing, or by contacting press(at)mtg.com.
For any questions or comments regarding MTG’s Privacy Policy, please contact press(at)mtg.com.
For data subject access requests and other queries around personal data processed by MTG, please contact privacy(at)mtg.com.
Who we are MTG (Modern Times Group MTG AB (publ.)) is a strategic operational and investment holding company in esports and gaming entertainment. Born is Sweden, our shares are listed on Nasdaq Stockholm (‘MTGA’ and ‘MTGB’).
Find us!
Choose Country
Germany
Netherlands
Sweden
US
Headquarters
Modern Times Group MTG AB
Skeppsbron 18, Box 2094,
111 30 Stockholm, Sweden
Tel: +46 8 562 000 50
ESL (Turtle Entertainment) HQ / InnoGames
Turtle Entertainment (ESL)
Schanzenstraße 23
Cologne 51063
Email: info@turtle-entertainment.com
InnoGames
Friesenstraße, 13
20097, Hamburg
Tel: + 49 40 7889335 0
Email: info@innogames.com
Zoomin.TV
Danzigerbocht 41F
1013 AM Amsterdam
Phone: +31 20 320 99 75
Email: info@zoomin.tv
DreamHack
DreamHack
Telefonvägen 30
126 26 Hägersten
Email: esport@dreamhack.se
MTG USA / Kongregate
MTG USA
2 Embarcadero Center, 8th Floor
San Francisco, CA 94111
Kongregate
450 Sansome Street, 12th Floor
San Francisco, CA 94111
Email: inquiries@kongregate.com
We use cookies to analyse our traffic and render this website more user friendly.
I agree
Read more
×
Press releases
Reports
E-mail address
Subscribe