http://www.crafts-beautiful.com/terms-conditions
Terms & Conditions
Access to and use of 'crafts-beautiful.com' both within the UK and internationally is provided by Aceville Publications Ltd on the following terms:
By using crafts-beautiful.com you agree to be bound by these terms, which shall take effect immediately on your first use of crafts-beautiful.com. If you do not agree to be bound by all of the following terms please do not access, use and/or contribute to crafts-beautiful.com.
Aceville Publications Ltd may change these terms from time to time and so you should check these terms regularly. Your continued use of crafts-beautiful.com will be deemed acceptance of the updated or amended terms. If you do not agree to the changes, you should cease using this website. If there is any conflict between these terms and specific local terms appearing elsewhere on crafts-beautiful.com (including house rules) then the latter shall prevail.
USE OF crafts-beautiful.com
You agree to use crafts-beautiful.com only for lawful purposes, and in a way that does not infringe the rights of, restrict or inhibit anyone else's use and enjoyment of crafts-beautiful.com. Prohibited behaviour includes harassing or causing distress or inconvenience to any person, transmitting obscene or offensive content or disrupting the normal flow of dialogue within crafts-beautiful.com.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
All copyright, trademarks, design rights, patents and other intellectual property rights (registered and unregistered) in and on crafts-beautiful.com and all content (including all applications) located on the site shall remain vested in Aceville Publications Ltd or its licensors (which includes other users). You may not copy, reproduce, republish, disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer, download, post, broadcast, transmit, make available to the public, or otherwise use crafts-beautiful.com content in any way except for your own personal, non-commercial use. You also agree not to adapt, alter or create a derivative work from any crafts-beautiful.com content except for your own personal, non-commercial use. Any other use of crafts-beautiful.com content requires the prior written permission of Aceville Publications Ltd.
The names, images and logos identifying Aceville Publications Ltd, or third parties and their products and services are subject to copyright, design rights and trademarks of Aceville Publications Ltd, and/or third parties. Nothing contained in these terms shall be construed as conferring any license or right to use any trademark, design right or copyright of Aceville Publications Ltd, or any other third party.
ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
As a registered member you will occasionally receive e-mail updates about special offers, new services and other news. We hope you'll find these updates interesting and informative. But if you'd rather not receive them, let us know by changing your E-Subscription Preferences in your Control Panel.
CONTRIBUTIONS TO ACEVILLE PUBLICATIONS LTD
By sharing any contribution (including any text, photographs, graphics, video or audio) with Aceville Publications Ltd you agree to grant to Aceville Publications Ltd, free of charge, permission to use the material in any way it wants (including modifying and adapting it for operational and editorial reasons) for Aceville Publications Ltd services in any media worldwide (including on Aceville Publications Ltd's site accessed by international users).
Copyright in your contribution will remain with you and this permission is not exclusive, so you can continue to use the material in any way including allowing others to use it.
In order that Aceville Publications Ltd can use your contribution, you confirm that your contribution is your own original work, is not defamatory and does not infringe any UK laws, that you have the right to give Aceville Publications Ltd permission to use it for the purposes specified above, and that you have the consent of anyone who is identifiable in your contribution or the consent of their parent / guardian if they are under 16.
Please do not endanger yourself or others, take any unnecessary risks or break any laws when creating content you may share with Aceville Publications Ltd.
If you do not want to grant Aceville Publications Ltd the permission set out above on these terms, please do not submit or share your contribution to or with crafts-beautiful.com
crafts-beautiful.com COMMUNITIES
In order to participate in and contribute to selected crafts-beautiful.com communities you are required to register with crafts-beautiful.com. Any personal information supplied to crafts-beautiful.com as part of this registration process and/or any other interaction with crafts-beautiful.com will be collected, stored and used in accordance with Aceville Publications Ltd Privacy Policy. You agree to use crafts-beautiful.com communities (including message boards) in accordance with the following Community Rules. These apply across all crafts-beautiful.com community sites and services.
You should, however, read the local house rules of the particular site or service you're using, as there may be some local variations to these Community Rules.
About your posts:
Contributions must be civil and tasteful.
No disruptive, offensive or abusive behaviour: contributions must be constructive and polite, not mean-spirited or contributed with the intention of causing trouble.
No unlawful or objectionable content: unlawful, harassing, defamatory, abusive, threatening, harmful, obscene, profane, sexually oriented, racially offensive or otherwise objectionable material is not acceptable.
Be patient: users of all ages and abilities may be taking part in the relevant crafts-beautiful.com community.
No spamming or off-topic material: we don't allow the submission of the same or very similar contributions many times. Please don't re-submit your contribution to more than one discussion, or contribute off-topic material in subject-specific areas.
No advertising or promoting.
No spoilers: material which contains plot developments which haven't been transmitted on UK television will be deleted unless submitted in a designated 'spoilers' area or marked as a 'spoiler'.
Contributions containing languages other than English may be removed unless allowed in the relevant local house rules.
No impersonation.
No inappropriate (e.g. vulgar, offensive etc) user names.
URLs (web site addresses) can only be posted if allowed under any relevant local house rules.
Deliberate misuse of the complaints facility is not permitted. If you persist in doing this, action may be taken against your account.
Your Aceville Publications Ltd Account:
If you use multiple logins for the purpose of disrupting a community or annoying other users you may have action taken against all of your accounts.
All accounts must be registered with a valid personal email address that you access regularly so that moderation emails can be sent to you. Accounts registered with someone else's email address, or with temporary email addresses may be closed without notice. We may require users to re-validate their account if we believe they have been using an invalid email address.
Aceville Publications Ltd reserves the right to close accounts if any user is seen to be using proxy IPs (Internet Protocol addresses) in order to attempt to hide the use of multiple Aceville Publications Ltd accounts, or if an non UK user pretends to be a UK user, or disrupts any of our services in any way.
Safety:
We advise that you never reveal any personal information about yourself or anyone else (for example: telephone number, postal address, home address or email address or any other details that would allow you to be personally identified) in any Aceville Publications Ltd community.
Legal requirements: You may not submit or share any defamatory or illegal material of any nature in crafts-beautiful.com communities. This includes text, graphics, video, programs or audio. Contributing material to a crafts-beautiful.com community with the intention of committing or promoting an illegal act is strictly prohibited. You agree to submit to or share with crafts-beautiful.com communities only contributions which are your own original work. You must not violate, plagiarise, or infringe the rights of Aceville Publications Ltd or third parties including copyright, trade mark, trade secrets, privacy, publicity, personal or proprietary rights.
If you're under 16:
Please get a parent's or guardian's permission before taking part in any crafts-beautiful.comcommunity.
Never reveal any personal information about yourself or anyone else (for example, school, telephone number, your full name, home address or email address).
If you breach these Community Rules:
If you fail to abide by these Community Rules (and/or any variations in relevant local house rules) when taking part in a crafts-beautiful.com community, you will be sent an email which informs you why your contribution has been refused or edited. This email will also include a warning that continuing to break the rules may result in action being taken against your account or accounts.This action may include any content posted by you being checked before allowed to go on the site or a temporary or permanent suspension of your ability to participate in any or all of crafts-beautiful.com community areas. If you submit or share offensive or inappropriate content to or with any crafts-beautiful.com communities or anywhere else on crafts-beautiful.com or otherwise engage in any disruptive behaviour on crafts-beautiful.com, and Aceville Publications Ltd considers such behaviour to be serious and/or repeated, Aceville Publications Ltd may use whatever information that is available to it about you to stop any further such infringements. This may include informing relevant third parties such as your employer, school or email provider about the infringement(s).
Aceville Publications Ltd reserves the right to delete any contribution, or take action against any Aceville Publications Ltd account, at any time, for any reason.
DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
The majority of content posted in crafts-beautiful.com communities is created by members of the public. The views expressed are theirs and unless specifically stated are not those of Aceville Publications Ltd. Neither Aceville Publications Ltd are responsible for any content posted by members of the public on crafts-beautiful.com or for the availability or content of any third party sites that are accessible through crafts-beautiful.com. Any links to third party websites from crafts-beautiful.com do not amount to any endorsement of that site by Aceville Publications Ltd and any use of that site by you is at your own risk.
Nothing in these terms limits or excludes Aceville Publications Ltd's liability for death or personal injury caused by its proven negligence. Subject to the previous sentence, Aceville Publications Ltd shall not be liable for any of the following losses or damage (whether such damage or losses were foreseen, foreseeable, known or otherwise): (a) loss of data; (b) loss of revenue or anticipated profits; (c) loss of business; (d) loss of opportunity; (e) loss of goodwill or injury to reputation; (f) losses suffered by third parties; or (g) any indirect, consequential, special or exemplary damages arising from the use of crafts-beautiful.com regardless of the form of action.
Aceville Publications Ltd do not warrant that functions available on crafts-beautiful.com will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that crafts-beautiful.com or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to implement sufficient procedures and virus checks (including anti-virus and other security checks) to satisfy your particular requirements for the accuracy of data input and output.
GENERAL
If any of these terms are determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by reason of the laws of any state or country in which these terms are intended to be effective, then to the extent and within the jurisdiction in which that term is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted from these terms and the remaining terms shall survive and continue to be binding and enforceable.
The failure or delay of Aceville Publications Ltd to exercise or enforce any right in these terms does not waive Aceville Publications Ltd's right to enforce that right.
These terms shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England and Wales which shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any disputes.
Copyright © Aceville Publications Ltd
Registered in England and Wales No 04109672
Registered Office Address: 82c East Hill, Colchester, Essex, CO1 2QW