http://www.armaghpipers.com/safeguarding-policy
Skip to content
Armagh Pipers Club > Safeguarding Policy
Armagh Pipers Club is committed to the highest standards of safeguarding practice. Our tutors are AccessNI checked and provided with safeguarding refresher training by external experts at the start of each year. The Club is currently (August 2020) reviewing its written Safeguarding Policy to address in more detail topics that have gained new importance in recent times, such as interactive teaching via Zoom and similar platforms, and social media use. The revised policy will be published here once the APC Board has approved the text. It will also be shared with relevant organisations for advice, and reviewed again next summer.The Club’s Safeguarding Officers are Siobhan Scowcroft and Mary McCabe. Siobhan can be contacted on safeguarding@armaghpipers.com. Either can be contacted via the Club’s office, or any member of the Board, if you have any questions or concerns.
Basket
Donate to the Armagh Pipers Club
£ Donation Amount:
Enter a Custom Amount
Continue
Select Payment Method
Credit Card
PayPal
Personal Info
First Name									*
Last Name
Email Address									*
Credit Card Info
Notice: Credit Card fields are disabled because your site is not running securely over HTTPS.
Donation Total:
£25.00
.
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTManage consent
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Translate »