http://www.remo.com/company/terms-and-conditions/
Remo takes your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.
What this Privacy Policy Covers
This Privacy Policy covers Remo's treatment of personally identifiable information that Remo collects when you are on the Remo site and when you use Remo's services. This policy also covers Remo's treatment of any personally identifiable information that Remo's business partners share with Remo.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Remo does not own or control, or to people that Remo does not employ or manage. Remo collects personally identifiable information when you register for a Remo account, when you visit Remo pages, and when you sign up for Remo product giveaways or other promotions.
When you enter a promotion, sweepstakes, or contest hosted by Remo or sponsored by Remo and/or our many partners, we ask for your name, address, and email address.
You may be asked to provide additional information or to answer certain questions, some of which may be optional, in order to participate.
We may contact you in connection with a particular promotion, such as a product giveaway or contest, in order to update you of your status, administer the promotion, let you know that a promotion has ended and whether you’ve won, and for other purposes.
Remo may also receive personally identifiable information from our business partners.
When you register with Remo, we ask for your name, email address, birth date, gender, occupation, industry, and personal interests. Once you register with Remo and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us.
Remo also automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, Remo cookie information, and the pages you requested.
Remo uses information for three general purposes: To customize the advertising and content you see. To fulfill your requests for certain products and services. To contact you about specials and new products.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Remo will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to anyone. Remo may send personally identifiable information about you to other companies or people when:
We have your consent to share the information. We need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested.
We need to send the information to companies who work on behalf of Remo to provide a product or service to you. (Unless we tell you differently, these companies do not have any right to use the personally identifiable information we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us.).
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process.
We find that your actions on our web sites violate any of our usage guidelines for specific products or services. Cookies. Remo may set and access Remo cookies on your computer. Advertisers or other companies do not have access to Remo cookies.
Your Ability to Edit and Delete Your Account Information and Preferences
Remo gives you the ability to edit your Remo Account Information and Preferences at any time. Your Remo Account Information is password-protected for your privacy and security. In certain areas Remo uses industry-standard SSL-encryption to protect data transmissions.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Remo may amend this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on our pages.
Legal Statement
All material and information presented by Remo is intended for educational purposes only. The Health and Wellness information on this site is not intended to treat, cure, or prevent any condition or disease. IT IS IMPERATIVE YOU CONSULT WITH YOUR OWN PHYSICIAN OR HEALTH CARE PRACTITIONER REGARDING ANY SUGGESTIONS AND RECOMMENDATIONS MADE OR INFORMATION PROVIDED HEREIN. Remo shall have no liability to you as a publisher of information or seller of any products or services, and should never be relied upon in this regard.
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to negligence, shall Remo be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages, arising out of the use, or the inability to use, the materials published on this site.
REMO IS NOT MAKING ANY WARRANTY PROVISIONS AND IS PROVIDING THIS SITE AND ITS CONTENTS ON AN “AS IS” BASIS AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO THIS OR ITS CONTENTS.
Neither Remo nor any of its directors, employees, or other representatives will be liable for damages arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this site. This is a comprehensive limitation of liability that applies to all damages of any kind, including, without limitation, compensatory, direct, indirect, punitive or consequential damages from the use of or any of the information provided by this site, loss of data, income or profit, loss of or damage to property, and claims of third parties.