http://www.away-mission.com/about-us-107.html#privacy
Home
/
About Us
About Us
Table of Contents
Who We Are
Returns & Exchanges
Shipping Policy
Billing Conditions/Payment Methods
Privacy & Security
Who We Are
We are a family-owned and operated convention company and online store based out of Pembroke Pines, FL 33027. We want to share our passion and love for everything Star Trek (yes...including Star Trek V). We have been involved in the convention business for over 20 years and like other Trekkies, we would count on the vendors' room to get our Trek paraphernalia. However, we recently started noticing a lack of Star Trek products except for a few ships and action figures whenever a movie came out. Where are the cool things like mugs, shirts, bobble heads for our desks at work?
So we figured if we are wanting Trek stuff, then others are too. We are constantly on the look out for the newest, coolest Trek stuff as well as the collectible pieces that are rare and special.
Returns & Exchanges
Return Policy
Returns are accepted within 30 days of purchase.
We are happy to help you with your returns as long as the return process is initiated within 30 days of the purchase date.
If we shipped you the wrong product, or it arrived defective or damaged
We're sorry! We will send a replacement for your purchase, provided the returned item(s) are received in their original packaging, along with all accessories, warranty cards, manuals, software, etc. Please see the "How to Make a Return" section below for instructions on initiating a return.  Once approved, we will email you a shipping label.  Simply pack the items back into the shipping box, as you received it, attach the provided label to the box, and drop it off at any US Post Office or FedEx Office (depending on shipping method). Once we receive your item, we will contact you via email with an update on your replacement shipping and tracking information.
If you ordered the wrong item, wrong size, or simply changed your mind
We will issue a refund for your purchase (minus the shipping cost), provided the returned item(s) are received back in their original packaging, along with all accessories, warranty cards, manuals, software, etc., where applicable, provided your purchase is in "as-new" condition, and the purchased product was not noted as a clearance, close-out or non-returnable item. Food products, opened movies, video games, undergarments, products with downloadable content cannot be returned for refund.
When your return is received, you will be issued a refund to your credit card for the merchandise only minus a 10% restocking fee. You will receive an email confirmation of receipt along with the details of your refund.
You will be responsible for all shipping costs of non-defective merchandise.
How to Make a Return
To initiate a return, please use our Contact Us form and select “RMA Request” from the Subject drop down menu.
We will contact you directly with further instructions.
Event/Convention Cancellation/Refunds
Away Mission, LLC values your patronage and we feel that our cancellation policy is very fair, as most conventions we surveyed offer no refunds for any reason.
You may cancel for any reason up to 30 days before the show, and get a partial (80%) refund. The 20% refund charge will be applied to all cancellations regardless of when the reservation was made.
No refunds can be issued less than 30 days from show, as by that time all ticket sales will have stopped and we would be unable to re-sell your ticket and re-assign your seat. We will however offer a credit for a future show, if you notify us that you are unable to attend (by phone or email), at least 48 hours before show the start of the show.
All guests are contracted to appear and all convention contracts specify that appearances are subject to change as film and television work demands take precedence as can a personal conflict. Our event will take place whether a specific guest cancels or not (we always try to book replacements) and therefore we cannot issue admission ticket or ticket package refunds if a particular guest does not fulfill their appearance contract. Of course we will always refund separately purchased photo ops and autograph tickets for a guest if they cancel. Please note prior to purchasing your tickets that you are buying a ticket for the event itself and not for specific guest appearance(s). We will not be able to refund admission ticket money if guests change.
No refunds can be made at the event for any reason. If you are due a refund for an agreed upon reason, a refund to your credit card will be processed within 10 business days after your request.
If you are a "No Show" on the date of the event and have made no effort to notify us (either by phone or email) that you cannot attend, no credit whatsoever will be offered, as we will have lost all ability to try to re-sell your ticket in advance or at the door.
No partial refund will be given for unused days (ex. If you attend on Saturday but cannot attend on Sunday, no refund will be given for the unused Sunday portion).
The same applies for any special events you may have ordered tickets for, such as a Play or Banquet - as the Hotel will have billed us for a specific number of patrons at that point, and again we would not have time to re-sell that Play or Banquet ticket.
In the unlikely event that the show is cancelled for any reason, full refunds would be issued. Or if you prefer, credit would be given for a future event.
All purchases are non-transferable. When registering on-site you may be asked to show government issued identification.
By purchasing tickets from Away Mission, LLC you agree to accept and abide by these rules.
Shipping Policy
Processing Time
All orders ship within 2 business days with the exception of textiles and apparel. All textiles and apparel (t-shirts, tank tops, onesies, towels, blankets, etc.) are printed to order.  Please allow 5 working days to ship in addition to shipping carriers’ estimates.
All shipping transit times quoted are business days (Monday-Friday), not calendar days. Weekends and holidays are not considered business days.
Transit Time
The delivery times are in reference to the time spent in transit (once your order has made it to the shipper, i.e. FedEx, USPS, etc.) This time does not include the processing time.
An email with tracking information will be sent once an order has been shipped.
Tracking is not available on:
-- USPS First Class Mail-- USPS International Economy-- Priority Shipping (to APOs)
If you choose one of these options, please note you are assuming responsibility for any damage or loss of your order.
Insurance
All shipping options include insurance except for shipping methods where tracking is not available.
Billing Conditions/Payment Methods
We accept Visa, MasterCard, Discover, and American Express. We also accept PayPal. Please ensure that your billing and shipping addresses are exactly correct, to avoid delays in order processing. Incorrect information may cause a delay in the processing of your order. Your order may also be delayed if additional verification of billing information is necessary.
All prices listed on our website are in U.S. Dollars.
We are based in Florida and charge sales on orders shipping to Florida. Florida sales tax is 6.5%.
Privacy & Security
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which The Away Mission collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the www.away-mission.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by The Away Mission.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, credit card information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
The Away Mission may collect and use Users’ personal information for the following purposes:
-- To improve customer service: Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.-- To improve our Site: We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.-- To process payments: We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.-- To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature: To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.-- To send periodic emails: We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission or have purchased from The Away Mission in the past.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Away Mission has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
This document was last updated on March 23, 2016
Newsletter
Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
Subscribe
Company
About Us
Returns & Exchanges
Shipping Policy
Payment Methods
Privacy & Security
Quick Links
Site Map
Search Terms
Advanced Search
Account
Orders and Returns
Connect With Us
Facebook
Twitter
Blog
© 2020 The Away Mission. All Rights Reserved.
This website/event is not endorsed, sponsored or affiliated with CBS Studios Inc. or the STAR TREK franchise.
The STAR TREK Properties are owned by CBS Studios Inc.