http://www.asf-uk.org/our-privacy-policy/
Our privacy policy
ASF-UK is a charity registered in the UK and a company limited by guarantee. This privacy policy details how we process and use any personal information collected about you through your use of this site.
Your privacy is important to us. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and the General Data Protection Regulations). We only use your information as set out below.
If after reading this page you have any queries about this website and your privacy, please contact info@asf-uk.org.
What information do we collect about you?
We collect information about you when you apply for membership, participate in one of our workshops and seminars, volunteer with us or get tickets to our events. We also collect information if you register to receive our newsletter, or other marketing materials. Website usage information is collected using cookies.
In order to comply with our legal obligations, we store: personal information of people who work or have worked and volunteered with us; Disclosure and Barring checks on workers – which may include some Criminal Offences data; and payment details for our suppliers.
How will we use this information about you?
We collect information about you to process and manage your membership, or your application to our workshops and seminars, booking for events, and to improve our offers and services in order to process your requests. If you agree, we will email you with news updates and information about other events, offers or services we think may be of interest to you. Your information collected from the website is used to personalise your repeat visits to our website.
As an international company, copies of our email/telephone contacts database are occasionally used by ASF-UK team members working outside the UK. We also use commercial third parties such as MailChimp which store information on servers based outside the UK but which meet the GDPR requirements as they carry Privacy Shield certification.
We will not share your information for marketing purposes with companies outside our organisation unless you have given us permission to do so when requesting further details about a partner offer.
Newsletters and Marketing
We would like to send you information about our work, events, offers, and opportunities such as callouts for volunteering opportunities by email and through our newsletter. By disclosing your personal information to us and signing up to receive our newsletter, you consent to the collection, storage and processing of your personal information by ASF-UK in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy. You may opt out at a later date.
You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes.
If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please email info@asf-uk.org
Access to your information and correction
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please email or write to us at the following address:
ASF-UK
27, Dingley Place
London
EC1V 8BR
Email: info@asf-uk.org
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up-to-date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
Cookies
By default, this website uses a cookie, a text file placed on your computer, to identify you as a distinct individual to the extent that it is necessary for you to use this website. This cookie does not contain any personal information about you, and is deleted when you leave the website or close your browser. We do not use this data to identify individual visitors and nor do we ever sell this information to third parties. You can change the settings in your browser to refuse cookies. However, in a few cases some of our website features may not function as a result.
For further information about cookies visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org
Other websites
Our website contains links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to this website so when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policies.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 20th May 2018.
Copyrights 2018 ASF-UK
Follow
Follow asf-uk.org
Get every new post on this blog delivered to your Inbox.
Join other followers: