https://www.firemountaingems.com/customerservice/privacypolicy
Shipping Notice and COVID-19 Safety Information
Beads
Swarovski® crystal
Gemstone Beads
Acrylic Beads
Bone & Horn Beads
Celestial Crystal®
Czech Glass Beads
Czech Fire-Polished
Deepak's Gem Palace
Glass Beads
Large-Hole Beads
Metal Beads
Pearls
Promo Beads
Seed & Bugle Beads
Shell Beads
Wood & Nut Beads
Jewelry Supplies
Almost Instant Jewelry®
Arts and Crafts
Bead Caps
Cabochons
Chains
Charms
Clasps
Earring Findings
Faceted Gemstones
Findings and Components
Glassworking Supplies
Glues & Adhesives
Head Pins
Jewelry Displays
Jewelry Packaging
Jump Rings
Metalsmithing
Metal Clay
Mountings & Settings
Organizers
Pendants
Polymer and Air-dry Clays
Rhinestones
TierraCast®
Tools
Stringing Material
Accu-Flex® Beading Wire
FireLine®
Powercord®
Wire-Wrapping Wire
Gold-Filled Wire
Sterling Silver Wire
Wrapit Wire®
Zebra Wire™ Colored Copper Wire
Jewelry and Gifts
Bracelets
Earrings
Necklaces
Jewelry Maker's Library
Bead Stringing
Chainmaille
Fiber & Textiles
Gallery of Designs
Gemstone Meanings
Metal Clay
Mixed Media
Polymer Clay
Seed Beading
Wireworking
How-To Videos
Customer Service
Privacy
Home
/
Customer Service
/
Privacy
How we use information
Our site uses an order form allowing you to request information, products and services. Contact information (name, email address, telephone number, address, etc.) is also used to get in touch with you when necessary. Financial information (credit card number, credit card expiration date, etc.) is only used to bill you for products and services purchased at Fire Mountain Gems and Beads.
We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our web site. Your IP address may also be used to gather broad demographic information and to recognize customer traffic patterns and site usage. This information assists us in developing the design and layout of the site.
To enhance your shopping experience, our site uses cookies. Cookies are alpha-numeric identifiers that are transferred to your computer's hard drive through your web browser. Cookies make it possible for us to recognize you when you visit. By doing this, we can personalize your return visits and save you time during checkout. For the most rewarding shopping experience, your browser must be set to accept cookies.
You may, from time to time, receive information from us about new features, new services and special offers we think you'll find valuable. If you'd like to opt out of receiving future email offers from Fire Mountain Gems and Beads, please log in to your account and click "Email Preferences" or click the unsubscribe link within that email. We may share your mailing address with reputable businesses that can provide you with valuable, relevant offers and information. If you do not wish to have your name shared with these carefully screened businesses, please log in to your account and click on "Contact Information" and select "No, I'm not interested" under the privacy section or please call customer service at 1-800-423-2319.
This site may now, or in the future, contain links to other sites. Fire Mountain Gems and Beads is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such sites.
By using our web site or purchasing product from us, you agree to the collection and use of information as set forth in this privacy policy. This policy may be updated at any time. We will post any changes to our privacy policy on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect and how we use it.
If, at any time, you have questions or concerns about Fire Mountain Gems and Beads privacy policy, please feel free to email us at:
questions@firemtn.com
or call customer service, toll-free, at 1-800-423-2319 to speak to one of our friendly Customer Service representatives.
Security methods
We maintain administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect your personal information. When we collect or transmit sensitive information such as a credit or debit card number, we use industry standard methods to protect that information. Fire Mountain Gems and Beads does not retain credit or debit card numbers on our systems. However, no e-commerce solution, website, mobile application, database or system can be completely secure. You also need to take reasonable steps to protect your personal information against unauthorized disclosure or misuse by unauthorized persons.
Third-Party Automated Collection and Interest-Based Advertising
Fire Mountain Gems and Beads participates in interest-based advertising (IBA), also known as Online Behavioral Advertising. We use third-party advertising companies to display ads and send emails tailored to your individual interests based on how you browse and shop online.
We allow third-party companies to collect certain information when you visit our website. This information is used to serve ads only for Fire Mountain Gems and Beads products. These companies use non-personally-identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, hardware/software information, cookie and session ID) and personally identifiable information (e.g., static IP address) during your visits to this and other websites to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you, or advertising-related services, such as ad delivery. These parties typically use a cookie, web beacon or other similar tracking technologies to collect this information.
Children's Privacy
We recognize the importance of protecting children's online privacy. Fire Mountain Gems and Beads does not intentionally collect information from children under the age of 13, and Fire Mountain Gems and Beads does not target its website to children.
Et Cetera
We are not responsible for typographical errors. Prices are subject to change without prior notice. To assure the highest level of customer service and satisfaction, Fire Mountain Gems and Beads frequently records calls to our customer care center. We are a 100% direct marketing company and have no sales showroom. Any letters, photographs or products sent to Fire Mountain become our property and we reserve the right to publish any such material unless the submission specifically states otherwise in writing. Jewelry or objects shown in photographs used to show pertinent features of a product are for illustrative use only and we reserve all of our rights to control third party use of our intellectual property.