http://www.fwsymphony.org/privacy-policy
Skip to the content
Privacy Policy
The Fort Worth Symphony Orchestra Association has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: www.fwsymphony.org.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information.
This site contains links to other sites. The Fort Worth Symphony is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor's contact information (like their e-mail address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our company to our customers. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary and shared with other companies who may want to contact our visitors. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services.
SecurityThis site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Purchases made online are handled by a secure server.
Choice/Opt-OutOur site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us or any third party we may share information with at the point where we request information about the visitor.
This site gives users the following contact options to keep from receiving solicitations from us:
1. Users may change their preferences and personal information online.2. You can send e-mail to ticks@fwsymphony.org3. You can send mail to the following postal address:330 E. 4th St., Ste. 200, Fort Worth, TX 76102
Correct/UpdateThis site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
1. Users may change their preferences and personal information online.2. You can send e-mail to ticks@fwsymphony.org3. You can send mail to the following postal address:330 E. 4th St., Ste. 200, Fort Worth, TX 76102
Contacting the Web SiteIf you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
Scott Griffitts, Vice President of TechnologyFort Worth Symphony Orchestra Association330 E. 4th St., Ste. 200Fort Worth, TX 76102sgriffitts@fwsymphony.org
Home
Privacy Policy
Cookie Notice
Find out more about how this website uses cookies to enhance your browsing experience.
Accept Cookies