http://www.janeausten.co.uk/policies/privacy-policy
Skip to content
The Jane Austen Online Gift Shop Mailing List!
• 10% Off your first purchase.• Exclusive product discounts.• Hugely popular quizzes & blogs.• Join over 25,000 others.
Subscribe
Jane Austen Centre
About UsBuy TicketsContact & Opening HoursRegency Tea RoomThings To Do In BathHere For CultureCovid 19
Online Gift Shop
Featured
Christmas Gift Guide
Pride and Prejudice Collection
Mr Darcy Collection
Emma Collection
Sense and Sensibility Collection
Persuasion Collection
Mansfield Park Collection
Northanger Abbey Collection
All Collections A-Z
Our Customer Reviews
Christmas Gift Guide
eGift Cards
Christmas Decorations
New Products
Bestsellers
Gifts Under £20
Gifts Under £50
Gifts Under £100
Jane Austen Teas
Gifts for Readers
Sewing Gifts
Stationery
Games
Jewellery
Finest Gold & Silver
Jane Inspired
British Artisans
Charms & Pendants
Bracelets
Bangles & Cuffs
Necklaces & Pendants
Earrings
Brooches & Badges
At Home
Netherfield Collection
Kitchen & Tableware
Home Decor & Accessories
Dressing Table & Boudoir
Teapots & Mugs
William Morris Collection
Cross Stitch Collection
Attire
Clothing & Accessories
Nightwear
Bags
Regency Dress Up
Books
Luxury Hardbacks
Clothbound books
Signed Editions
Novels
Spin-Offs
Non-Fiction
Regency World
Jane Austen Blog
Jane Austen News
The Jane Austen Quiz
Submit An Article
Festival News
Press
Jane in the News
Jane Celebrated
In Praise Of Jane
Jane Austen
Jane Miscellany and Prayers
Jane Austen's Work
Sequels and Spinoffs
Histories, Biographies and Non-Fiction
Film Reviews
Media Reviews
The Austen Family
Jane Austen In Bath
Jane's Books and Characters
Arts and Entertainments
Extended Reading
Regency Life & Times
Advice
Authors, Artists and Vagrants
Customs and Manners
Games to Play
Home and Hearth
Hands On Crafts
Landscape and Property
Military History
Regency History
Society Figures
Trades and Professions
Regency Recipes
Beverages
Desserts
Main Dishes
Snacks and Sides
Regency Fashion
Accessories
Fashion For Children
Fashion To Make
Fashionable Furnishings
Men's Fashion
Women's Fashion
Join Our Mailing List
Online Gift Shop - Home
Account
Cart
Your cart is empty
Privacy policy
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Our commitment to privacyJane Austen Limited is committed to protecting your privacy. As part of this commitment, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available at the bottom of every standard page on the web site.
Our Privacy Policy does not affect your statutory rights as a consumer.
Introduction
This Privacy and Cookies Policy relates to our use of any personal information we collect from you via online services and other channels:
All Jane Austen Limited websitesJane Austen Limited social media contentOther forms of Jane Austen Limited web activity, such as competitions, surveys, content and newsletter opt-in formsTransactional data provided from third party businesses, when orders are fulfilled by Jane Austen LimitedInformation you provide to us by phone, email, letter, other forms of correspondence and in personForms for transaction, employment or other purchases
This Privacy and Cookies Policy explains the following:
Who We Are
What Information We May Collect About YouHow Information About You May Be UsedInformation on Data Provided With Consent, Such as Email Newsletters and Digital Marketing, Direct Mail and Data Provided With Consent To Share With Third PartiesThe Storage, Deletion and Availability of Your Personal Data to YouInformation On The Use of Web Browser CookiesInformation on Changes To This PolicyWho we areThe data controller is Jane Austen Limited (referred to in this policy as “we” or “us).
Jane Austen Limited operates the Jane Austen Centre and the Jane Austen Online Gift Shop at www.janeausten.co.uk. Our company registration number is 03656831.
We ship our products all over the world from Bath in the UK.
Our registered addresses are as follows:
The Jane Austen Centre and Tea Rooms : 40 Gay Street, Bath, BA1 2NT, United KingdomThe Jane Austen Online Gift Shop : Unit 18, Brassmill Enterprise Centre, Bath, BA1 3JN
The information we collect
When you purchase from Jane Austen Limited or provide information to Jane Austen Limited directly we may receive personal information about you. The types of personal information collected may include:
NameAddressEmail addressTelephone number(s)Date of BirthGenderDetails of transactions you make from us.Details of when you have contacted us by email, post or telephone. Please note that we may keep a record of that correspondance.Group information.Your account login details, including the password you have chosenJane Austen Limited also collects information about you, your shopping preferences (such as what you have bought, when and where you bought it and how much you paid for it) and your use of Jane Austen Limited websites and other digital channels, such as our social media properties and digital media adverts. This includes collecting unique online identifiers such as IP addresses, which are numbers that can uniquely identify a specific computer or other network device on the internet, and cookies, which are text files downloaded to your web browser containing a unique user ID and selected information to enhance your online shopping experience. For more information, please see the “Cookie Policy” section of this policy, on the use of cookies and similar technologies.
When you browse our websites, we may collect information about your online browsing behaviour and information about when you click on one of our adverts (including those shown on other organisations’ websites). We may also collect information about the device you have used to access our services, such as the device type, operating system and browser type.
We may also obtain data from third parties to enrich our understanding of our customers. This information is used to understand who shops with us and allows us to create customer segments with defined characteristics. Creating segments of customers may then help us to target similar groups of people with content and advertising.
If you are a member of our email and digital marketing list, we may collect information on the communications which you open, including any links that you click.
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient’s address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
NameAddressPhone NumberWe DO NOT collect Credit/Debit Card Information – all website payment details are taken and by a specialist third party payment processor (Stripe/Paypal).
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
All information will be collected lawfully and in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulations 2018 and The Data Protection Act 1998.
How we use information
We never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent and the information we have will be as accurate and up to date as possible. You may contact us to find what information is held about you. If you find any inaccuracies please let us know and we will delete or correct it for you. You may also request that we delete all data we hold about your from our systems.
Jane Austen Limited will use your personal information for a number of purposes, including the following:
To allow you to use our e-commerce siteTo process your orders and refunds. Please note that your details may need to be passed to a third party in order for them to supply or deliver the product or service that you ordered and we may retain your details for a reasonable period of time after you have completed the transaction in order to fulfil any contractual obligations such as refunds, guarantees etc.To process payments and prevent fraudulent transactions (we may retain your details for these purposes for a reasonable period of time and we may pass your details to a third party to carry out these functions).To process trade applications or any other applications made onlineTo deal with any enquiries you may have about our servicesTo improve the content and appearance of the Website or App, to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you.To send you materials when requestedTo contact you about our services, for example by phone, email or post or by replying to social media posts or messages which you have directed at as.Manage promotions and competitions that you take part inTo provide digital experiences that are optimised to your profileTo generate understanding of our customers and to create customer segments for marketing purposesTo provide you with relevant advertising, via digital and non-digital mediumsTo monitor and understand online behaviour and the use of Jane Austen Limited websites.To aggregate information for marketing and strategic development purposes, after removing personally identifiable informationTo enrich with additional data to assist in further understanding of our customers, for the purposes outlined aboveTo enable you to access specific materials and sections within the siteTo make you aware of new and existing products, promotions and to provide you with information that we believe is relevant to our contactsTo carry out market research and internal research and development, and to improve our systems,product range, service and stores. This allows us to better serve you as a customer.To monitor how our services are used to detect and prevent fraud, other crimes and misuse. This helps us to make sure that you can safely use our services.Why do we process your data in these ways?To assess and process your job application (we may retain a record of your information for a reasonable period of time following the end of our recruitment selection process for administration purposes).To administer any prize draws or competitions run by Jane Austen Ltd. Please refer to the specific terms & conditions for each prize draw or competition.To carry out assessment and analysis (for example market, customer and product analysis) to enable us to review, develop and improve the products or services which we offer.
You should be aware that if we are requested by the police or any other regulatory or government authority investigating suspected illegal activities to provide your personal information or any other information we obtain about you, we are entitled do so.
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order to complete that order and for the uses outlined above. Processing your data in these ways allow us to manage your customer account, provide you with the goods and services you wish to buy and assist with any order queries you have. It also enables us to personalise our offers and services for you, helping us to meet your needs as a customer and to improve your customer experience.
We will only share this information for use by third parties to market their own products to you when you have given your explicit, opted-in consent. If you have previously given consent and no longer wish for your details to be shared, or if you no longer wish to receive mailings from Jane Austen Limited, please contact us. We will remove your details within 30 days of receipt of your request.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We offer gift-cards by which you can personalize a product you order for another person. Information you provide to us to create a gift-card is only used for that purpose, and it is only disclosed to the person receiving the gift.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without your prior explicit consent.
You agree that you do not object to us using your personal information for any of the purposes outlined in this privacy policy and you confirm that you do not and will not consider any of these purposes as a breach of any of your rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (Regulation (EU) 2016/679).
We will not keep your personal information processed by us for any purpose or purposes for longer than is necessary for that purpose or for those purposes. Under data protection legislation you have the right to access information held about you.
Marketing
Jane Austen Limited will send you relevant offers and news about our products in a number of ways, including by email and digital marketing channels, but only if you have previously agreed to receive them.
Our communications are designed to tell you about the benefits we can offer, so that you have exclusive access to our best deals. We use the information we have about you to tailor the content and try to ensure that the offers are as relevant to you as possible.
Email newsletters and digital marketing
We send email newsletters and undertake digital marketing activities as a legitimate interest of the company. Undertaking these activities is an essential part of distributing awareness of our products and services to our customer base.
In order to ensure that you agree to receive email newsletters and digital marketing activity targeted via your data we offer the option to OPT-IN or OPT-OUT on your first purchase online, when you have previously opted-out and when you register for email and digital marketing.
You can contact us at any time to opt-out of receiving these forms of marketing. We will then remove your details from these activities in a reasonable time-frame, no longer than 30 days. If you wish to opt-out of email newsletters and digital marketing activity please contact us.
Should you choose not to receive such communications you will still be able to make use of offers and purchase new products that are included in such marketing activity, but in practice we are unlikely to be able to make you aware of them.
Jane Austen Limited are unable to process the data of customers if they are under the age of 16 without seeking parent/guardian approval. If you wish to receive marketing communications from us and are under the age of 16, please ask your parent/guardian to contact us.
Direct mail
Jane Austen Limited also send direct mail as a legitimate interest of the company if you have made a purchase from us. Undertaking these activities is an essential part of distributing awareness of our products and services to our customer base.
In order to ensure that you agree to receive direct mail activity targeted via your data when you have not made a purchase from us we offer an OPT-IN option at the point where you submit your data to us.
You can also contact us at any time to opt-out of receiving marketing communications via post. We will then remove your details from these activities in a reasonable time-frame. If you wish to opt-out of direct mail marketing activity please contact us.
Please note that we will not share your data with third party direct mail providers unless you specifically opt-in for this form of advertising (See below)t
Telephone and text message
Jane Austen Limited may contact you by telephone as a legitimate interest of the company if you have made a purchase from us.
You can also contact us at any time to opt-out of receiving marketing communications via telephone or text message. We will then remove your details from these activities in a reasonable time-frame. If you wish to opt-out of telephone or text message marketing activity please contact us.
Please note that we will not share your data with third party direct mail providers unless you specifically opt-in for this form of advertising (See below)
Cookies and similar technologies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
Here are the main types of cookie that we use:
1. Site functionality cookies – these cookies allow you to navigate the site and use our features, such as “Wishlist” and “Recently Viewed”.
2. Site analytics cookies – these cookies allow us to measure and analyse how customers use our sites, to improve our service.
3. Customer preference cookies – These cookies will remember your preferences so you do not have to keep entering the same information over and over again.
4. Targeting or advertising cookies – these cookies are used to deliver ads that are more relevant to you. They also limit the number of times that you see an ad and help us measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.
By using our site, you agree to us placing these sorts of cookies on your device and accessing them when you visit the site in the future. If you want to delete any cookies that are already on your computer, the “help” section in your browser should provide instructions on how to locate the file or directory that stores cookies. Further information about cookies can be found at https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-pecr/cookies-and-similar-technologies/ . Please note that by deleting or disabling future cookies, your user experience may be affected and you might not be able to take advantage of certain functions of our site.
We also use Google Analytics, the web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses cookies to collect information about details of our users’ visits to the site (including IP addresses) and the resources they access on it.
You can also install the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-On to prevent Google Analytics cookies being set, available for download here: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
Data retention
We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity. If you request the deletion of your Jane Austen Limited account your personal information will be removed as soon as we can reasonably achieve (no longer than 30 days). It is necessary to retain some data for statutory legal purposes and the remaining information is anonymised for analytical purposes. For further information about deleting your account please see the section below.
Requesting copies of, or removing data held about youUnder the GDPR you have the right to request a copy of the personal information Jane Austen Limited holds about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected. We have a legal duty to supply, correct or delete personal information about you on our files.
You can delete your account and request the removal of your personal information at any time. This will erase your records from our systems and will prevent us from being able to assist you with any previous purchases.
Please send requests and questions about this or any other question about this Privacy and Cookies Policy via our contact us page.
We will need two copies of forms of identification, which can be:
PassportDriving licenceBirth certificateUtility bill (from last 3 months)Current vehicle registration documentBank statement (from last 3 months)Rent book (from last 3 months).
Our commitment to data security
We know how important it is to keep your data secure. In this section, we set out some of the measure we have in place to protect it:
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
We use technical safeguards, such as firewalls and data encryption, and access to your data is only given to employees who need it to carry out their job responsibilities.
We enforce safeguards in connection with the collection, store and disclosure of personal data. If you request your personal data, we may ask for proof of identity before supplying it to you.
The personal data that we collect from you may be transferred to and stored at a destination outside the EU. It may also be processed by companies operating outside this area in their role a data processor. We have put appropriate checks and protection in place to ensure that your data is protected in line with this policy.
Our commitment to children’s privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 16, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 16.
How to contact us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please contact us on online@janeausten.co.uk or via the form on the Contact Us page.