http://www.broadjam.com/legal/coppa.php
Menu
Sign Up
Login
COPPA Notice
Broadjam provides a place on the web for music fans of all ages to get involved with the new and emerging
music scene. We offer fans opportunities to listen to and download music, and also to interact with musicians
and discuss industry news with other members. Visit our About Us page to learn more about Broadjam and our
mission.
Broadjam takes protecting the privacy of our members very seriously. We have a formal privacy policy and have
created a special process for people 12 years old or younger who are interested in becoming members of Broadjam. This
procedure is designed to protect the privacy of your child and to comply with the Children's Online Privacy
Protection Act ("COPPA") and related rules.
To gain access to Broadjam's products and services, we ask people to register to become members of Broadjam. The
registration process begins when a person electronically indicates to us his or her age. Parents, if your child
indicates that he or she is 12 years old or younger, we will ask your child to provide his or her name, email
address, your name, your email address, and your phone number. Subsequently, we will email you a message with
instructions regarding how to set up a Broadjam account for your child. If you opt not to activate your child's
account, all information collected in the registration process will be purged from our system.
Table Of Contents:
Article 1 COPPA Notice
1. The Information Broadjam Collects
2. How We Use the Information
3. Security
4. Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites and Sponsors
5. Parental Review of Information
6. Contact Us
7. Updates & Effective Date
Contents:
COPPA Notice
1. The Information Broadjam Collects
At Broadjam, we collect individually identifying information from all of our members. We use this information to help tailor our content more precisely to the needs of Broadjam members. Broadjam may not require a child to disclose more information than is reasonably necessary to become a Broadjam member. The information we actively collect includes the following:
First name
Last name
Street address
City
State or Province
Zip code
Country
Phone number
Fax number
Birth date
Gender
Biography
Screen name
Email address
Password
Musician or non-musician
Music Industry-related profession
Music Industry-related hobbies
Performing artist group associations
Brand names of musical gear member uses
Music Industry magazines user reads
Musical skills
Live or studio performer if a musician
All of member's personal record, film, and performance events perceived as significant
Favorite artists, songs, and videos on Broadjam Inc.
Credit card number and expiration date if the member chooses to make purchases on the website
The information we passively collect through the user's traffic and cookies, which are small text files of information saved to a user's hard drive while browsing the website, includes the following:
Web page user is currently viewing
Last web page visited
Date and time user logged on to the website
User's IP address
back to top
2. How We Use the Information
In order to establish a more personalized relationship, we will also use member information to determine what services they truly value. Broadjam may combine information about your child that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies. We will not, without your consent, sell our customer e-mail address list to third parties but may use our lists to notify your child of specials and products offered by others that we think your child may find worthwhile. We will endeavor to ensure that only authorized employees of Broadjam Inc. will have access to your child's personal information, and all employees of Broadjam Inc. have been required to read our security policies upon their employment whether they are authorized to access your personal information or not. For your child's information and protection on the Broadjam Inc. site and on the Internet in general, keep in mind that whenever your child voluntarily discloses personal information on message boards, through e-mail, or in chat areas, that information can be collected and used by others. Similarly, if your child posts personal information in public places, your child may receive unsolicited e-mail messages. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Broadjam Inc. reserves the right to disclose user information when required by law, or if we have reason to believe that someone is causing injury to or interference with our rights or property, or the rights and property of others. For more information, please view our Privacy Policy.
back to top
3. Security
Broadjam is committed to ensuring the security of your information. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, maintain data accuracy and ensure the appropriate use of information, appropriate physical and electronic procedures have been put into place to safeguard and secure the information collected online. Broadjam trains its employees on our privacy policy guidelines and makes our privacy policy available to our business partners.
Broadjam uses Secured Sockets Layer (SSL) for secure transmissions. SSL applies encryption between two communicating applications, such as your PC and the server. Your name, other personal information, and all credit cards and other payment information that you transmit to us will be protected by 128-bit encryption technology, provided your browser is properly configured and your computer is operating properly. The SSL technology requires that you have a reasonably current browser that is capable of supporting 128-bit encryption. Current browsers such as these will activate the appropriate security features when you enter an online transaction through this site. Furthermore, Broadjam takes reasonable measures to maintain the confidentiality of credit cards, debit cards, charge cards, and other access numbers under its control. Card numbers are stored for the duration of the transaction, and then deleted. Additionally, we take similar measures to protect email addresses that provided through the website.
back to top
4. Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites and Sponsors
Broadjam does not share its members' individually identifying information with any third parties or sponsors. Although Broadjam may provide aggregate, statistical data to responsible advertisers and other third parties, the aggregate information does not include data from which the identities of any member can be determined. It is important to note that the Broadjam Inc. site contains links to other sites, and that those sites may not follow the same privacy policies as Broadjam Inc. For instance, if you click on an advertisement on the Broadjam Inc. site, you may be taken away from Broadjam Inc. to an entirely different site. These links can also be from advertisers, content providers and/or partners who may use Broadjam Inc.'s logo and/or style as a result of a co-branding agreement yet they may still not follow the same privacy policies as Broadjam Inc.
back to top
5. Parental Review of Information
Parents, if you would like to review your child's personal information, correct errors in your child's information, or delete any of your child's information, please log onto the Broadjam.com website using your child's username and password. Once on the website, proceed to your child's "My Profile" page. All the personal information that Broadjam has collected from your child is listed on his or her "My Profile" page. Any changes you make to the information on the "My Profile" page will be effective immediately, and any electronic copies of the previous information will be automatically deleted from Broadjam's records. If you would like to delete your child's Broadjam account and/or refuse to allow any further collection or use of your child's information, please contact our Broadjam Privacy Manager via email, mail or telephone. If you write to Broadjam, please be sure to include your e-mail address and a telephone number where we can reach you. To protect your child's privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you access to the personal information that we collect and maintain about your child.
back to top
6. Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our COPPA privacy policy and/or practices, please contact us at the following e-mail address, mailing address and telephone number: Email: privacy@broadjam.com
Mailing Address: Broadjam, Inc. Attn: Privacy Manager 100 S. Baldwin St. Ste. #204, Madison, WI 53703
Phone: 1-608-271-3633
back to top
7. Updates & Effective Date
From time to time, we may update this privacy notice. We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personally identifiable information by placing a notice on our site. We encourage you to periodically check back and review this policy so that you always will know what information we collect, how we use it, and to whom we disclose it. The Privacy Notice posted on this site was updated on or about 4/20/06.
back to top