https://www.beatsuite.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Beatsuite.com
Privacy Policy
The Beat Suite respects your rights to privacy and this statement outlines the practices in which we regard any information we provide or obtain about the users of this website.
As a customer of The Beat Suite we may require you to provide certain information to us in order to provide a service to you. Items of information given may include, but are not limited to, your name, address, phone number, email address and website details.
The information you have provided to us enables The Beat Suite to complete all the transactions you request through the website. The information you disclose to us and the details of that information may be passed on any necessary payment processors. The nature of the Internet means that information may pass through any country.
EmailWe may send you promotional materials via post or email, once you have registered on the website and given your authorisation for us to do so. The material we may send to you may include information on special promotions, services or new products.
We may also send you our company newsletter from time to time of which you may opt-out at any time by editing your user account.
You may revise information given to us at any point in time, this may be achieved through amending your account details.
CookiesWhen you visit The Beat Suite website, The Beat Suite automatically places a text file called a cookie in your computer's hard drive. This small piece of information is stored on your web browser and can be retrieved later. This cookie can only be read by The Beat Suite website.
Cookies allow The Beat Suite to recognise the information you have given to us via the website, such as your user account and project folders you may have created. It also helps us to recognise areas of the website that are most relevant to your professional needs.
Your surfing behaviour will not be examined before or after leaving The Beat Suite website.
If you believe the above to be untrue and The Beat Suite have not followed the above policy, or you would like to be removed from our system then please email us.
DisclaimersNeither The Beat Suite nor its directors, employees, licensors, content providers, affiliates or other representatives unless specifically stated in these terms and conditions of use, privacy policy, elsewhere on this website or as other otherwise required by law are liable for any damages of any kind (including lost profits, direct, indirect, compensatory, consequential, exemplary, special, incidental, or punitive damages) arising after being on this website. This also covers damages concerning the client's inability to use the website, the performance The Beat Suite website and the content whether or not we have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
The Beat Suite uses as much effort as possible to ensure the correctness, reliability and accuracy of the content, but we make no representations or warranties as to the content's correctness, accuracy, or reliability.
There are links to other websites on the The Beat Suite website. These websites are not controlled by The Beat Suite therefore we are not responsible for any content contained on these websites. The Beat Suite is not responsible for any loss suffered by you in relation to your use of our website. You waive any and all claims against The Beat Suite for any and all issues regarding these links.
?
100% Secure Payments