http://www.thecarvedtree.co.uk/privacy-policy/
HOME
ABOUT
Testimonials
GALLERIES
Videos
PROCESS
CONTACT
Links
Accessibility Statement
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Privacy Policy
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; this privacy policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.
1. What information do we collect?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:
•    information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website;
•    information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us;
•    information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website services, email notifications and/or newsletters.
2. Cookies
A cookie consists of information sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.
To enable cookies
If you’re not sure of the type and version of web browser you use to access the Internet:
For PCs: click on ‘Help’ at the top of your browser window and select the ‘About’ option
For Macs: with the browser window open, click on the Apple menu and select the ‘About’ option
How to check cookies are enabled for PCs
Google Chrome
1.    Click on ‘Tools’ at the top of your browser window and select Options
2.    Click the ‘Under the Hood’ tab, locate the ‘Privacy’ section, and select the ‘Content settings’ button
3.    Now select ‘Allow local data to be set’
Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.0, 7.0, 8.0
1.    Click on ‘Tools’ at the top of your browser window and select ‘Internet options’ , then click on the ‘Privacy’ tab
2.    Ensure that your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable cookies in your browser
3.    Settings above Medium will disable cookies
Mozilla Firefox
1.    Click on ‘Tools’ at the top of your browser window and select Options
2.    Then select the Privacy icon
3.    Click on Cookies, then select ‘allow sites to set cookies’
Safari
1.    Click on the Cog icon at the top of your browser window and select the ‘Preferences’ option
2.    Click on ‘Security’, check the option that says ‘Block third-party and advertising cookies’
3.    Click ‘Save’
How to check cookies are enabled for Macs
Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 on OSX
1.    Click on ‘Explorer’ at the top of your browser window and select ‘Preferences’ options
2.    Scroll down until you see ‘Cookies’ under Receiving Files
3.    Select the ‘Never Ask’ option
Safari on OSX
1.    Click on ‘Safari’ at the top of your browser window and select the ‘Preferences’ option
2.    Click on ‘Security’ then ‘Accept cookies’
3.    Select the ‘Only from site you navigate to’
Mozilla and Netscape on OSX
1.    Click on ‘Mozilla’ or ‘Netscape’ at the top of your browser window and select the ‘Preferences’ option
2.    Scroll down until you see cookies under ‘Privacy & Security’
3.    Select ‘Enable cookies for the originating web site only’
Opera
1.    Click on ‘Menu’ at the top of your browser window and select ‘Settings’
2.    Then select ‘Preferences’, select the ‘Advanced’ tab
3.    Then select ‘Accept cookies’ option
All other browsers
Please consult your documentation or online help files.
3. Using your personal information
Personal information submitted to us via this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website.
We may use your personal information to:
•    enable your use of the services available on the website;
•    send you email notifications which you have specifically requested;
•    send to you marketing communications relating to our business which we think may be of interest to you by post or, where you have specifically agreed to this, by email or similar technology (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications);
•    deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the website.
We will not without your express consent provide your personal information to any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing.
4. Disclosures
We may disclose information about you to any of our employees, officers, agents, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes as set out in this privacy policy.
In addition, we may disclose your personal information:
•    to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
•    in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;
•    in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk).
Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to third parties.
5. Security of your personal information
We will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
Of course, data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
You are responsible for keeping your password and user details confidential. We will not ask you for your password (except when you log in to the website).
6. Policy amendments
We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website.  You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes.
7. Your rights
You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you.  Provision of such information will be subject to the supply of appropriate evidence of your identity.
You may instruct us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes by email at any time.  In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes.
8. Third party websites
The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites.
Powered by WordPress Theme created by Black & Eve Designs.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy