https://www.stc-alberta.org/about/privacy
General STC Privacy StatementSTC is not responsible for, and expressly disclaims all liability for, damages of any kind arising out of use, reference to, or reliance on any information contained within the STC website. While the information contained within the site is updated periodically, no guarantee is given that the information provided on the STC website is correct, complete, and up-to-date. The names and contact information on the STC website are published to facilitate contact with those listed for STC purposes only. It is not intended, and we request that it not be used for commercial purposes.Reference on the STC website to any specific commercial firm, commercial product, process, or service by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not constitute or imply its endorsement, recommendation, or favor by STC, the members of the STC Board of Directors or administrative councils, the STC electronic media committee, or the individual chapters and Special Interest Groups (SIGs) of STC.ApplicabilityThe opinions expressed by contributors to the STC chapter and SIG websites and opinions expressed by contributors through discussion on the various listserves sponsored by STC are solely those of individual writers and do not reflect the opinions of STC, the members of the STC administrative council, the STC electronic media committee volunteers, or the individual chapters of STC.Although the STC website may include links providing direct access to other Internet resources, including websites, STC has not participated in the development and does not exert any editorial or other control over those sites. STC is not responsible for the accuracy or content of information contained in those sites. Links from STC to third-party sites do not constitute an endorsement by STC of the parties or their products and services.The appearance on the website of advertisements and product or service information does not constitute an endorsement by STC. STC has not investigated the claims made by any advertiser. Product information is based solely on material received from suppliers.STC Alberta Privacy StatementWeb users can visit the STC Alberta website (stc-alberta.org) without telling us who they are or revealing any personal information about themselves. STC Alberta does not collect information through its website that personally identifies individuals except when individuals contact us and provide such specific information voluntarily by email. In such cases, STC Alberta may collect, retain, and use such information in the same manner as it does other correspondence sent to STC Alberta. Unless it is permitted or required to do so by law, any such personal information about individual users will not be transferred by STC Alberta to unaffiliated third parties without the consent of the user. STC Alberta does not share, sell, or transfer personal information that it collects to third parties for their own marketing efforts.STC Alberta may, from time to time, collect traffic information regarding users’ sessions while the users remain anonymous, to permit statistical analyses of users’ behaviour (for the purpose of improving the design of the website). Only aggregated data from these analyses, not individual data, will be used for this purpose. STC Alberta will not seek to match IP addresses to identifiable individuals, unless we are required by law to do so or we are investigating detected or suspected security breaches or other illegal behaviour, and we need to do so in order to carry out the investigation.With respect to communicating with us over the Internet, please note that Internet communications are not secure and accordingly we cannot guarantee that the information you send to STC Alberta will not be intercepted, collected, and misused by others without your consent. You may not wish to send sensitive personal information to STC Alberta by use of the Internet and we invite you to contact us by regular mail or facsimile. Announcements Call for Industry Professionals to Join an Advisory Committee with University of Calgary Continuing Education JobLink Submission Form for Employers Volunteer Opportunities Essential Accounting ServicesJoblinkJobLink Submission Form for Employers9:27 PM 24 Mar 2017