http://www.venuecymru.co.uk/privacy-and-cookies-policy
Skip to main content
Box office: 01492 872000
Search
X
Covid-19
Following government advice Venue Cymru and Theatr Colwyn will not be staging shows, screening films or holding conference events at this time. We will continue to follow guidance as to when we should recommence our programme. For more information click here.
Close
Privacy Policy
Venue Cymru and Theatr Colwyn's Privacy Policy
Overview
Maintaining the security of your data is a priority at VENUE CYMRU and THEATR COLWYN, and we are committed to respecting your privacy rights. We pledge to handle your data fairly and legally at all times. VENUE CYMRU and THEATR COLWYN are also dedicated to being transparent about what data we collect about you and how we use it.
This policy, which applies whether you visit our store(s), use your mobile device or go on line, provides you with information about:
how we use your data;
what personal data we collect;
how we ensure your privacy is maintained; and
your legal rights relating to your personal data.
How we use your data
General
Venue Cymru and Theatr Colwyn (and trusted partners acting on our behalf) uses your personal data:
to provide goods and services to you;
to make a tailored website available to you;
to manage any registered account(s) that you hold with us;
to verify your identity;
with your agreement, to contact you electronically about promotional offers and products and services which we think may interest you;
for market research purposes - to better understand your needs;
to enable Venue Cymru to manage customer service interactions with you; and
where we have a legal right or duty to use or disclose your information (for example in relation to an investigation by a public authority or in a legal dispute).
Marketing
Promotional communications
Venue Cymru and Theatr Colwyn uses your personal data for electronic marketing purposes (with your consent) and may send you postal and electronic mail to update you on the latest Venue Cymru and Theatr Colwyn offers.
Venue Cymru and Theatr Colwyn aims to update you about products and services which are of interest and relevance to you as an individual.
You have the right to opt out of receiving promotional communications at any time, by:
changing marketing preferences via your Venue Cymru and Theatr Colwyn account;
making use of the simple “unsubscribe” link in emails or the “STOP” number for texts; and/or
contacting Venue Cymru or Theatr Colwyn via the contact channels set out in this Policy.
We may analyse your browsing and purchasing activity, both on-line and in store, and your responses to marketing communications. The results of this analysis, together with other demographic data, allows us to ensure that we contact you with information on products and offers that are relevant to you. To do so, we use software and other technology (automated processing).
Sharing data with third parties
Our service providers and suppliers
In order to make certain services available to you, we may need to share your personal data with some of our service partners. These include IT, delivery and marketing service providers.
Venue Cymru and Theatr Colwyn only allows its service providers to handle your personal data when we have confirmed that they apply appropriate data protection and security controls. We also impose contractual obligations on service providers relating to data protection and security, which mean they can only use your data to provide services to Venue Cymru/Theatr Colwyn and to you, and for no other purposes.
Other third parties
Venue Cymru and Theatr Colwyn will not disclose your personal data to any third party, except as set out below. We will never sell or rent our customer data to other organisations for marketing purposes.
We may share your data with:
mailing houses we will use to undertake marketing activity, this data will be processed according to the data processing agreement;
credit reference agencies where necessary for card payments;
governmental bodies, regulators, law enforcement agencies, courts/tribunals and insurers where we are required to do so: -
to comply with our legal obligations;
to exercise our legal rights (for example in court cases);
for the prevention, detection, investigation of crime or prosecution of offenders; and
for the protection of our employees and customers.
The Consortium
In 2011 VENUE CYMRU and THEATR COLWYN joined a Consortium managed by Wales Millennium Centre that made it possible for our venues to benefit from the same ticketing system, Tessitura, used by arts organisations at a lower level of investment than would otherwise be required. It is a collegiate approach to the use of Tessitura with consortium partners, sharing a system for mutual benefit rather than a more traditional corporate relationship.
The organisations in our Consortium are currently:
Wales Millennium Centre
Welsh National Opera
BBC National Orchestra of Wales
National Dance Company Wales
National Theatre Wales
Liverpool Everyman and Playhouse
Whilst all ‘organisation specific’ data is locked down to the appropriate organisation (ie transactional information, payment data, customer interactions, ticket history etc.), there is a general tab on a customer’s record which is shared amongst Consortium partners. This means that each consortium member can view the following information: Name, Address, Phone Number, E-mail Address.
However, under no circumstance are they allowed to make use of this information unless you have specifically given them permission to do so.
CCBC
The Council is required by law to protect the public funds it administers and so may use any information you have provided for the prevention, detection and investigation of fraud and irregularity, for the performance of a contract, or, task carried out in the public interest, or to comply with a legal obligation.   Part 6 of the Local Audit and Accountability Act 2014 and the Accounts and Audit (Wales) Regulations are the Legal basis.
How long do we keep your data?
We will not retain your data for longer than necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy. Different retention periods apply for different types of data, however the longest we will normally hold any personal data is 10 years.
What personal data do we collect?
Venue Cymru may collect the following information about you:
your name;
your contact details: postal address including billing and delivery addresses, telephone numbers (including mobile numbers) and e-mail address;
purchases and orders made by you;
your on-line browsing activities on Venue Cymru websites;
your password(s);
when you make a purchase or place an order with us, your payment card details;
your communication and marketing preferences;
your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses;
your location;
your correspondence and communications with Venue Cymru; and
other publicly available personal data, including any which you have shared via a public platform (such as a Twitter feed or public Facebook page).
Our website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
This list is not exhaustive and, in specific instances, we may need to collect additional data for the purposes set out in this Policy. Some of the above personal data is collected directly, for example when you set up an on-line account on our websites, or send an email to our customer services team. Other personal data is collected indirectly, for example your browsing or shopping activity. We may also collect personal data from third parties who have your consent to pass your details to us, or from publicly available sources.
How we protect your data
Our controls
Venue Cymru is committed to keeping your personal data safe and secure.
Our security measures include: -
encryption of data;
regular cyber security assessments of all service providers who may handle your personal data;
regular scenario planning and crisis management exercises to ensure we are ready to respond to cyber security attacks and data security incidents;
security controls which protect the entire Venue Cymru IT infrastructure from external attack and unauthorised access; and
internal policies setting out our data security approach and training for employees.
What can you do to help protect your data
Venue Cymru will never ask you to confirm any bank account or credit card details via email. If you receive an email claiming to be from Venue Cymru or Theatr Colwyn asking you to do so, please ignore it and do not respond.
If you are using a computing device in a public location, we recommend that you always log out and close the website browser when you complete an online session.
In addition, we recommend that you take the following security measures to enhance your online safety both in relation to Venue Cymru/Theatr Colwyn and more generally: ­-
keep your account passwords private. Remember, anybody who knows your password may access your account.
when creating a password, use at least 8 characters. A combination of letters and numbers is best. Do not use dictionary words, your name, email address, or other personal data that can be easily obtained. We also recommend that you frequently change your password. You can do this accessing your account, clicking ‘your account’, clicking ‘your data’ and selecting ‘change password’.
avoid using the same password for multiple online accounts.
Your Rights
You have the following rights:
the right to ask what personal data that we hold about you at any time,
the right to ask us to update and correct any out-of-date or incorrect personal data that we hold about you free of charge; and
(as set out above) the right to opt out of any marketing communications that we may send you.
If you wish to exercise any of the above rights, please contact us using the contact details set out below.
Legal basis for Venue Cymru and Theatr Colwyn processing customer personal data
General
Venue Cymru/Theatr Colwyn collects and uses customers’ personal data because is it necessary for:
the pursuit of our legitimate interests (as set out below);
the purposes of complying with our duties and exercising our rights under a contract for the sale of goods to a customer; or
complying with our legal obligations.
In general, we only rely on consent as a legal basis for processing in relation to sending direct marketing communications to customers via email or text message.
Customers have the right to withdraw consent at any time. Where consent is the only legal basis for processing, we will cease to process data after consent is withdrawn.
Our legitimate interests
The normal legal basis for processing customer data, is that it is necessary for the legitimate interests of Venue Cymru/Theatr Colwyn, including:-
selling and supplying goods and services to our customers;
protecting customers, employees and other individuals and maintaining their safety, health and welfare;
promoting, marketing and advertising our products and services;
sending promotional communications which are relevant and tailored to individual customers (including administering our loyalty scheme);
understanding our customers’ behaviour, activities, preferences, and needs;
improving existing products and services and developing new products and services;
complying with our legal and regulatory obligations;
preventing, investigating and detecting crime, fraud or anti-social behaviour and prosecuting offenders, including working with law enforcement agencies;
handling customer contacts, queries, complaints or disputes;
managing insurance claims by customers;
protecting Venue Cymru, its employees and customers, by taking appropriate legal action against third parties who have committed criminal acts or are in breach of legal obligations to Venue Cymru;
effectively handling any legal claims or regulatory enforcement actions taken against Venue Cymru; and
fulfilling our duties to our customers, colleagues, shareholders and other stakeholders.
Cookies Policy
What are cookies?
Like most websites, Venue Cymru and Theatr Colwyn websites use cookies to collect information. Cookies are small data files which are placed on your computer or other devices (such as smart ‘phones or ‘tablets’) as you browse this website. They are used to ‘remember’ when your computer or device accesses our websites. Cookies are essential for the effective operation of our websites and to help you shop with us online. They are also used to tailor the products and services offered and advertised to you, both on our websites and elsewhere.
Information collected
Some cookies collect information about browsing and purchasing behaviour when you access this website via the same computer or device. This includes information about pages viewed, products purchased and your journey around a website. We do not use cookies to collect or record information on your name, address or other contact details. Venue Cymru and Theatr Colwyn can use cookies to monitor your browsing and purchasing behaviour.
How are cookies managed?
The cookies stored on your computer or other device when you access our websites are designed by:
Venue Cymru/Theatr Colwyn, or on behalf of Venue Cymru/Theatr Colwyn, and are necessary to enable you to a make purchases on our website;
third parties who participate with us in marketing programmes; and
third parties who broadcast web banner advertisements on behalf of Venue Cymru/Theatr Colwyn.
What are cookies used for?
The main purposes for which cookies are used are: -
For technical purposes essential to effective operation of our websites, particularly in relation to on-line transactions and site navigation.
For Venue Cymru/Theatr Colwyn to market to you, particularly web banner advertisements and targeted updates.
To enable Venue Cymru/Theatr Colwyn to collect information about your browsing and shopping patterns, including to monitor the success of campaigns, competitions etc.
To enable Venue Cymru/Theatr Colwyn to meet its contractual obligations to make payments to third parties when a product is purchased by someone who has visited our website from a site operated by those parties.
How do I disable cookies?
you want to disable cookies you need to change your website browser settings to reject cookies. How you can do this will depend on the browser you use.
What happens if I disable cookies?
This depends on which cookies you disable, but in general the website may not operate properly if cookies are switched off. If you only disable third party cookies, you will not be prevented from making purchases on our sites. If you disable all cookies, you will be unable to complete a purchase on our sites.
Our use of CCTV
We monitor and record images using closed circuit television at our venue. We do this for the purposes of crime prevention and public safety.
Recordings of visitors to our venue
We, or third parties authorised by us, may carry out film and/or sound recording during, before or after a performance and/or in our venue from time to time. Whilst we take reasonable steps to make sure that visitors are notified of such recording when they enter our venue and are given an opportunity to avoid such recording, by attending our venue you consent to you and any persons (including any children) who may accompany you, being included in such recordings and such recordings subsequently being used by us for any reasonable commercial purposes, including without limitation, for marketing and promotional purposes. We will not make any payment to you in respect of your inclusion in such recordings.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about how Venue Cymru and Theatr Colwyn uses your personal data that are not answered here, or if you want to exercise your rights regarding your personal data, please contact us by any of the following means:
phone us on: 01492 879771
e-mail us at: info@venuecymru.co.uk
write to us at Venue Cymru, Promenade, Llandudno, Conwy, LL30 1BB
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office. Further information, including contact details, is available at https://ico.org.uk/