http://www.revival-art.com/legal-uf2
Legal
About UsOur Company Company Formation and Founding Principles Our Core ValuesFuture Goals and VisionOur TeamRob GrasaAaron GreenwoodToby MetcalfeProductsPaintingsArtists Canvases Paints Stretching and Mounting PrintsGiclee & Art PrintsAluminum, Acrylic and EricoMirrorsCustom MirrorsGlass OptionsHow to OrderOur ProcessQuality Control Delivery Options ProjectsTestimonialsProject GalleryHotel & Resort Partners GalleryPaintingsTheme ArtistColorPrintsTheme PhotographerColorFramesStyleSizeColorResource CentreOnline Brief/Quote FormFAQ’sUpload a FileUseful DownloadsContact Us
free templates joomla
Art Search
You are here: Home
Legal
Revival Art Information
Over the last decade, Revival Art released thousands of new designs for hand painted artwork.
In the past few years, the evolving marketplace and changing print production technology have affected a shift in inventory management and production. We are now working with photographers to offer a wider breadth of product available in printed form on various substrates.
We are pleased to say that these images are available--only through Revival Art--on demand, in many sizes, both as paintings and prints. Please be aware that we provide quotes based on the needs and requirements of each project.  Everything we do is customized, ranging from a single piece to several hundred for a single order, and volume of an order is reflected in the price quoted.
Specifications
The Company has made every reasonable effort to display on the website, and in the catalogue, as accurately as possible a description of the Products. However, some slight variations may occur from time to time in relation to the colours and the appearance of the images, mounts and frames from the way they appear on screen and in the catalogue.
Print sizes and material specifications may slightly vary each time, and with hand painted artwork, no two pieces will ever be exactly the same.  Every hand painted work is completely unique in its own right, although we do strive to achieve as close alikeness to the original art piece being reproduced as possible.
There are 2 methods for signing off on hand painted artwork.  First, a printed version will be made for the image being painted, and although colours will vary slightly when creating the actual painted version, it will offer a good representation of the finished product. Second, if precise colour matching is important, we will make a sample painting and courier this to you for your approval.  This will add extra time to the final delivery of goods, usually 2 weeks, and add costs that generally range between $150-$300, depending on size and number of images to be approved.
Shipping
Revival Art offers a wide variety of mediums in our various product lines including delicate works painted on canvas, as well as prints on paper, canvas, and alternative substrates. With a decade of experience in the art industry, we understand the importance of taking the extra care and time needed to properly package our artwork. Taking these extra precautions ensures all products are sufficiently protected and can be returned by our customers, if necessary, with ease and confidence.
This can impact our shipping costs in unexpected ways. For example, most of our goods are delivered over ground and sea where standard rates apply, whereas samples, rush orders, and small custom orders are generally sent via courier at a premium. We do not add a surcharge to your cost of freight, and deliver to you via the safest and most cost-wise options available, based on your needs.
Many of our customers also require that our packaging meet these specific industry guidelines. We do not cut corners. It is our belief that by providing our customers with artwork that is in sellable condition when they receive it saves money, time and labor in the long run for all parties involved.
Our shipping charge includes a nominal fee to cover packaging/handling costs.
Returns
Revival Art policy warranties against manufacturer defects only. Manufacturer defects must be notified within 14 days of delivery. Manufacturer defects do not include damage due to climate, mishandling in storage and improper installation. Revival Art requires notice of any freight damage or discrepancy with product or invoice within 3 business days of receipt of product. Revival Art extends account credit on acceptable returns. Revival Art does not issue refunds. All custom works are non-refundable nor returnable. No return of stock/inventoried artwork will be accepted as a return if artwork has been trimmed, stretched, framed or altered in any way unless prior written approval has been granted by the account manager. Shipping charges are non-refundable. Deposits are non-refundable. All qualified or approved returns must be shipped or returned to Revival Art in the same or similar packaging used by Revival Art. Returned artwork damaged by packaging will not be accepted. The customer is responsible for clarifying proper packaging with Revival Art.
Terms & Conditions
PRICES: All prices are submitted by our sales team direct to the client requesting a quote. All prices are subject to change after 30 days of a quote being offered. Please contact your account manager for discount information or more details.
QUOTES: Quotes will be provided for any custom product upon request. Revival Art provides quotes for commissions within 72 hours from request, if all pertinent information has been submitted in full. Quotes for quantity and Alternative Substrates may take longer, and you will be notified of approximate time frame upon request of quote. Revival Art will provide crop references with quote forms if applicable. Quotes are valid 30 days from date of issue.
CUSTOM MANIPULATIONS: Revival Art does not charge fees for cropping or rotation of our imagery in our collections. Design time fees for color manipulations are charged by the hour. Revival Art requires physical references – cannot be sent digitally - for all color comparison or manipulations. All crops and digital manipulations must be approved by the client before Revival Art will proceed with production of the custom product.
TURNAROUND: General lead-time is 90 days from time of deposit, where all pertinent information has been provided.  Samples can usually be delivered in 2 weeks, while rush orders and subsequent lead-time can be negotiated with our sales agents.
RUSH FEES: Rush fees are established for any purchase order requiring a turnaround less than the turnaround indicated on the quote form. Revival Art will determine rush fees for all custom paintings, prints/manipulations, volume orders, commissions or alternative substrates at time of order.
USAGE: Revival Art products are for wall décor use and may not be altered including, but not limited to, canvas transfers, etc. without written permission. Revival Art prohibits any posting of Revival Art imagery on websites without prior approval or written permission. Please contact your account manager for permission to post imagery online or to use our images for marketing purposes.
INVOICES: Upon shipment of your order, Revival Art will notify you of eta to your door. Please designate the appropriate recipient’s email address on the accounting portion of this document.
SHIPPING: Your order confirmation or quote form will designate if your purchase order will ship from a location other than Vancouver. Larger orders may be shipped by common carrier. Customers may specify carrier or freight forwarder. In the event your account is not on terms, shipping charges must be prepaid before Revival Art will ship your order. Revival Art requires notice of any damage or discrepancy with product or invoice within 3 business days of receipt of product.
DROP SHIPPING: If you request a drop ship to another location other than a facility owned or operated by the "bill to" account, please make the recipient of your purchase order aware. Revival Art requires notice of any damage or discrepancy with product or invoice within 3 business days of receipt of product.
PAYMENT: Payment must be made in Canadian Dollars. Payment due dates of all approved terms are computed from shipment/invoice date. Sender must pay for all costs of wire transfers of funds, and for any costs of currency conversion. We accept VISA and Mastercard for purchases under $5,000 and required cheque in Canadian funds (for Canadian customers) or wire transfers of funds from non-Canadian enterprises.
RETURNS: Revival Art policy warranties against manufacturer defects only. Manufacturer defects do not include damage due to climate, mishandling in storage and improper installation. Revival Art requires notice of any freight damage or discrepancy with product or invoice within 3 business days of receipt of product. Revival Art extends account credit on acceptable returns. Revival Art does not issue refunds. All custom paintings and prints and/or commissioned works are non-refundable nor returnable. No return of stock/inventoried artwork will be accepted as a return if artwork has been trimmed, stretched, framed or altered in any way unless prior written approval has been granted by the account manager. Shipping charges are non-refundable. Deposits are non-refundable. All qualified or approved returns must be shipped or returned to Revival Art in the same or similar packaging used by Revival Art. Returned artwork damaged by packaging will not be accepted. The customer is responsible for clarifying proper packaging with Revival Art.
CREDITS: Account credits issued by Revival Art will be available on your account for 90 days. After 90 days, the credit will no longer be available.
NEW ACCOUNTS: All purchase orders will require pre-payment at time of order, unless terms are approved prior to shipping order. Approval of terms can take up to three weeks. Terms apply to orders over $500 net and to non-custom order items. All custom product and orders require a 50% deposit upon receipt of purchase order with pre-determined terms on balance post-shipment.
DEPOSITS: All deposits received by Revival Art, Ltd. are non-refundable.
DISCLAIMER & LEGAL LIABILITIES:
While Revival Art, Ltd. uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on this website, it makes no representations as to the accuracy, timeliness or completeness of that information. In using this website, you agree that its information and services are provided "as is, as available" without warranty, express or implied, and that you use this site at your own risk.
To the fullest extent permissible by applicable British Columbia law, Revival Art, Ltd. disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Revival Art, Ltd. does not warrant that this website, its servers or emails sent from Revival Art, Ltd. are free of viruses or other harmful components.
Revival Art, Ltd. shall not be liable for any damages or costs, direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, or consequential arising out of or in any way connected with your use of any information or service accessed through this website.
You further agree that Revival Art, Ltd. and any other parties involved in creating, maintaining, and delivering this site's contents have no liability for direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, or consequential damages with respect to the information, services, or content contained on or otherwise accessed through this website.
Revival Art, Ltd. shall assume no liability for any errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the information provided regardless of how caused. Revival Art, Ltd. shall assume no liability for any decisions made or actions taken or not taken by the user of the applications in reliance upon any information or data furnished hereunder.
We reserve the right to make changes to our Terms and Conditions at any time and in our sole discretion. As such, you should review those policies, terms, and conditions each time you visit the website. Your continued use of the website after we make any such changes constitutes your binding acceptance of those changes. If any of the terms or conditions are held to be invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that term or condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining term or condition.
Privacy Policy
Why You Must Register
We ask you to register before giving you complete access to our website to protect our relationship with our customers. Registration is also intended to add another level of security to protect the intellectual rights of our artists against copyright violations.
Your Security Online
Revival Art, Ltd. provides a secure online environment, which allows you to safely view our products and provide us with sales or marketing related information. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is absolutely secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we do not guarantee its absolute security. If you ever have problems viewing any information on this site, please contact us at
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
.
How We Use Your Information
In order to improve the usefulness of our website for our customers, we automatically collect statistical information on traffic flow and volume from each visit to our website. Information that we collect includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data (within the confines of our site). We use this information to analyze trends, to administer the website, to track users' movements around the website and to gather information about our user base as a whole.
When you register online you are required to provide contact information. We may use this information to communicate with you about the products and services available on our website. You may opt out of any email lists by contacting us at
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
. Revival Art, Ltd. will never sell your customer contact information.
We endeavor to take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, however, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with our Privacy Statement.
Cookies
For your convenience Revival Art is providing you with a cookie when you log onto our website. A cookie is a file that stays on the hard drive of your computer for an extended period of time and "speaks" with our website each time you visit; meaning our site will remember your access code and you won't have to enter it each time you visit (you may opt to disable cookies within your browser settings by following the directions in your Internet browser's "Help" file, if this is not to your liking).
Links to Other Websites
Our website contains links to other websites that are not owned or controlled by Revival Art, Ltd. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites so we encourage you to be aware of and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information, as this privacy statement applies only to our website.
Changes in Our Privacy Statement
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time. If there are changes to our privacy statement, we will post them here on our website, so please review it frequently.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy statement, you can contact us at:
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
.
OUR ADDRESS: Revival Art, Ltd., 2125 – 88 West Pender St., Vancouver, BC, V6B 6N9, Canada.
Copyright
These terms and conditions govern the use of the Revival Art, Ltd. website. We retain the right to modify these terms at any time. You can also view our Privacy Policy.
All content on this site is the exclusive property of the publisher Revival Art, Ltd., or its artists and is protected by Canada and international copyright laws. You may not download from this website any images, graphics or logos without prior written consent from Revival Art, Ltd. Any unauthorized use, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, re-publication or display of any or all artwork and/or graphic imagery found on this website is strictly prohibited and will be prosecuted to the full extent of the law.
Revival Art, Ltd. paintings, posters and limited editions are for wall decor use only, and may not be altered for use on other products, including canvas transfers, without prior permission from Revival Art, Ltd.
Revival Art, Ltd. service marks and trademarks may not be used for any purposes by any third party without the prior written consent of Revival Art, Ltd.
All artwork and/or graphic imagery found on this website is copyright protected by the publisher of the artwork, Revival Art, Ltd. and/or the artist(s) credited with creating the artwork.
All photographs found on this website on the various landing pages are copyright protected by the photographers.
Please contact us for specific copyright information for each artist and their artwork.
When visiting a website it is so easy to click and save with a mouse button when one sees a graphic image that one likes. A common misconception is that anything found on the internet is public domain and may be taken without permission from the creator/owner. Just because parts of a website may be cached or stored on your computer, or your browser will allow you to "image save as" does not allow you to use our artwork or graphic imagery as you wish. Internet and public domain are not synonymous.
Material found on the web may be copied freely only if the information is: created by the federal government, the copyright has expired, or the copyright has been abandoned by the holder.
Get in touch
Block 19, 27th Floor,
Unit C, Park Island,
Hong Kong
office: +852 2296 4660
mobile: +852 9850 5895
Useful links
About UsProductsHow to OrderProjects
GalleryResource CentreSite MapLegal
Follow
us
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Newsletter signup
for our exclusive offers
© Copyright All Rights Reserved, Revival Art 2012
Login Form
User Name
Password