http://www.airbrushguru.com/privacy-policy
You are here:
Home »Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Non-Legalese Summary
I don’t share your personal information unless compelled by law.  For example, I don’t sell your email address or tell people your business with me.  If we’re discussing a problem I’ll let you know when I’m passing your email along to someone else who can help you better.
The do collect general site usage information and a few specifics for paid referrals and advertisements.  Look at the Cookies and Web Beacons section if you want to learn more about the specifics.
When in doubt or conflict the long, and rather boring version, takes precedence.
The Legalese Version (this is the real policy)
Your privacy is important. This policy outlines the types of personal information received and collected while using AirbrushGuru.com, as well as some steps taken to safeguard that information.
We hope this will help you make an informed decision about sharing personal information with us.
AirbrushGuru.com strives toward the highest standards of decency, fairness, and integrity in all operations. On this website we protect customers’, consumers’, and online visitors’ privacy to our best ability.
Personal Information
AirbrushGuru.com collects visitors’ personally identifiable information  including name, postal address, email address, company name, and telephone number on a voluntary basis
We collect this information if you request information from us, participate in a contest or sweepstakes, join an email list, or request a service. Collected information is internally reviewed and used to improve the website’s content, notify visitors of updates, and respond to visitor inquiries.
Once information is reviewed it is filed and stored or deleted.
We will inform you of substantial changes to this policy by placing a notice on our site. Any vistor’s personal information is for internal purposes only and will not be sold or provided to third parties.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, airbrushguru.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
airbrushguru.com does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
Amazon Associates Program
airbrushguru.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
.:: Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on airbrushguru.com.
.:: Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to airbrushguru.com and other sites on the Internet.
.:: Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL – http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include ….
Google Adsense
Commission Junction
Clickbank
Amazon Associates
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on airbrushguru.com send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
airbrushguru.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. airbrushguru.com’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act
This website is directed to adults; it is not directed to children under the age of 13. We operate our site in compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, and will not knowingly collect or use personal information from anyone under 13 years of age.
Non-Personal Information
In some cases, we may collect information about you that is not personally identifiable. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.  The information collected is used solely
for internal review and not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
Release of Information
If AirbrushGuru.com is sold, the information we have obtained from you through your voluntary participation in our site may transfer to the new owner as a part of the sale in order that the service being provided to you may continue. In that event, you will receive notice through our website of that change in control and practices, and we will make reasonable efforts to ensure that the purchaser honors any opt-out requests you might make of us.
How You Can Correct or Remove Information
We provide this privacy policy as a statement to you of our commitment to protect your personal information. If you have submitted personal information through our website and would like that information deleted from our records or would like to update or correct that information, please click on this link and/or use our Contact Us page.
Updates and Effective Date
AirbrushGuru.com reserves the right to make changes in this policy. If there is a material change in our privacy practices, we will indicate on our site that our privacy practices have changed and provide a link to the new privacy policy. We encourage you to periodically review this policy so that you will know what information we collect and how we use it.
Agreeing to Terms
If you do not agree to AirbrushGuru’s Privacy Policy as posted here on this website, please do not use this site or any services offered by this site.
Your use of this site indicates acceptance of this privacy policy.
Airbrushing GuidesStart Airbrushing Right
Airbrush Cleaning
Spray Tanning
Airbrush Tattoos
FAQ
Dictionary
Recent Posts
Luminess Air Airbrush Makeup Kit Review
How To Airbrush T Shirts – Beginner’s Guide
Choosing The Right Airbrush Makeup Kit
Best Airbrush for Miniatures and Models
Choosing the Right Airbrush