http://www.bloomline.net/docs/privacy_policy.html
Privacy policy
1. Statement of Intent
From time to time, you will be asked to submit personal information about yourself ( eg name and email address etc) in order to receive or use services on our website. Such services include newsletters, message boards and personalised services.
By entering your details in the fields requested, Bloomline.Net will be able to provide you with the services you select. Whenever you provide such personal information, we will treat that information in accordance with this policy. Our services are designed to give you the information that you want to receive. Bloomline.Net will act in accordance with current legislation and aim to meet current internet best practice.
2. Information on Visitors
During the course of any visit to Bloomline.Net, the pages which you see, along with something called a Cookie, are downloaded to your computer (see paragraph 3 below for more on this). Most, if not all, web sites do this, and that's because cookies allow the web site publisher to do useful things like find out whether the computer (and probably its user) has visited the site before. This is done on a repeat visit by checking to see, and finding, the cookie left there on the last visit.
Any information that is supplied by cookies can help us to provide you with a better service and assists us to analyse the profile of our visitors. For example: if on a previous visit you went to, say, the education pages, then we might find this out from your cookie and highlight educational information - which if you were the previous user you may find interesting, on a second visit.
3. What is a Cookie?
When you enter a site your computer will automatically be issued with a Cookie. Cookies are text files which identify your computer to our server. Cookies in themselves do not identify the individual user, just the computer used. Many sites do this whenever a user visits their site, in order to track traffic flows.
Cookies themselves only record which areas of the site have been visited by the computer in question, and for how long. Users have the opportunity to set their computers to accept all cookies, to notify them when a cookie is issued, or not to receive cookies at any time, although this of course means that certain personalised services cannot then be provided to that user. If you make use of our CD-ordering service, the process will only work when your browser (or its settings) allow the use of Cookies.
Even assuming you have not set your computer to reject cookies, you can browse most of our site anonymously.
4. Submitting Personal Information
When you supply any personal information to Bloomline.Net (for example for our newsletter or for personalised services) we have legal obligations towards you in the way we deal with that data. We have to collect the information fairly, (see the notices on particular webpages which let you know why we are requesting the information) and to let you know how we will use it and whether we will pass the information on to anyone else. We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as you use the service you have requested, and remove it in the event that the purpose has been met, or, in the case of a personalised service, you no longer wish to continue your registration as a personalised user. Where personal information is held for people who are not yet registered, but have taken part in other Online services, that information will be held only as long as necessary to ensure that the service is run smoothly. We will ensure that all personal information supplied is held securely, in accordance with the Netherlands' Data Protection Act.
5. Access to your Personal Information
You have the right to request a copy of the personal information the Bloomline.Net holds about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected. (We charge a fee for information requests.) Please address requests to the the office of Bloomline.Net (email: office@bloomline.net).
6. Direct Marketing and User Surveys
As Bloomline.Net's services expand, there will be more opportunities to enhance the services provided to you. From time to time we may provide you with details of other Bloomline.Net services and products which may be of interest to you and offer you the opportunity to subscribe to them. We may also offer you the opportunity to participate in surveys carried out by Bloomline.Net or its members which help our research into the types of service we offer. Bloomline.Net will keep a record of information provided by you. Please note that any information you provide to Bloomline.Net will only be used within Bloomline.Net, and will never be supplied to third parties without first obtaining your consent. The only time we may do so is if we are obliged by law to disclose information.
7. Users under 18
If you are under 18, please make sure that you obtain your parent/guardian's permission beforehand whenever you provide personal information to Bloomline.Net's website. Users without this consent are not allowed to provide us with personal information.
8. How to find and control your Cookies
If you're using Internet Explorer 5.0:
Choose Tools, then
Internet Options
Click the Advanced tab
Scroll down to the yellow exclamation icon under Security and choose one of the three options (accept cookies, disable cookies or prompt before accepting cookies) to regulate your use of cookies.
If you're using Internet Explorer 4.0:
Choose View, then
Internet Options
Click the Advanced tab,
Scroll down to the yellow exclamation icon under Security and choose one of the three options to regulate your use of cookies.
In Internet Explorer 3.0, you can View, Options, Advanced and click on the button that says Warn before Accepting Cookies.
If you're using Netscape Communicator 4.0:
On your Task Bar, click:
Edit, then
Preferences, then
Click on Advanced
Set your options in the box labelled "Cookies".
How do you know which sites you've visited use Cookies?
If you're using Internet Explorer 5.0:
Choose Tools, then
Internet Options
Click the General tab, click
Settings, then
View Files
If you're using Internet Explorer 4.0
On your task bar, click:
View, then
Internet Options.
Under the tab General (the default tab) click
Settings, then
View Files.
Internet Explorer 3.0 On your Task Bar, click:
View, then
Options, then
Advanced, then
View Files.
Netscape Communicator 4.0:
Netscape bundles all cookies into one file on your hard drive. You'll need to find the file, which it calls Cookie.txt on Windows machines.
10. How to see your Cookie Code
Just click on a cookie to open it. You'll see a short string of text and numbers. The numbers are your identification card, which can only be seen by the server that gave you the cookie.
(To the top)