https://www.witnessthemagic.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Terms & Conditions …
Nick Rushton / WitnessTheMagic.co.uk is represented by Magical Memories Entertainment Agency www.magicalmemories.co.uk – all bookings are made via the Magical Memories website and full terms and conditions can be seen here:
https://www.magicalmemories.co.uk/terms-and-conditions
Here is a copy of the terms and conditions taken from the link above which are explained clearly at the time of booking:
Magical Memories Terms & Conditions …
Payment Options Magical Memories currently offer the following payment options: 1. Payment By Cheque 2. Payment By BACS / Bank Transfer 3. Credit or Debit Card Via PayPal
Deposit It is very important that the minimum deposit (non-returnable, or transferable) is paid using one of the above methods, within seven days from the date of your initial confirmation, as your booking is classed as provisional until your deposit is received.  If your deposit is late it may be taken that you no longer need our services and your performer could be booked to someone else without prior notice to yourself.
* If your event is within 14 days of the date of booking, full payment via credit or debit card may be required.
Balance The balance must be paid using one of the above payment methods, at least 2 weeks before the event – you will not necessarily be reminded. Please note that balance payments made by Credit or Debit Card will incur an added charge. PayPal Charge 3.4% + 20p of each transaction and this goes directly to PayPal. IMPORTANT: If we do not receive the balance at least 2 weeks before the event, this will be deemed as “Cancellation By Client” and the remaining balance will still be payable in full – Please see below.
Cancellation By Client Should you wish to cancel your booking, as stated above all deposits paid will be forfeited. Postponing the event date will be deemed as cancellation of the original engagement. The address to send cancellation to should be requested by emailing enquiry@magicalmemories.co.uk and must be sent by letter by recorded delivery. Cancellation must be received 21 days prior to the engagement. If cancellation is made after this time, any remaining balance will be payable in full. You will be notified as soon as cancellation has been received.
Cancellation By Performer If for any reason beyond the control of Magical Memories, the performer is delayed or unable to appear and a change of date or substitution cannot be agreed upon, then this agreement shall be cancelled with no further obligation by either party.  In this case, any prepaid amount will be immediately returned to the client.  Magical Memories act as an entertainment agency and cannot be held responsible for non fulfillment of bookings
Contracted Times Contracted finish time may be adhered to, regardless of schedule delays unapproved of in advance.
Complaints In the unlikely event of receiving a complaint, Magical Memories will make every effort to settle disputes to the mutual satisfaction of both the client and performer.  Complaints must be made in writing.  If we are unable to settle the dispute, both client and performer must settle the matter directly or via their own legal representatives.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Magical Memories take your privacy seriously and will only use your personal information to administer your account and to provide the products and services you have requested from us.
Magical Memories assumes no liability for expenses incurred or damages suffered in connection with this agreement.
Get In Touch For a Free No Obligation Quote
Contact Nick
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy