http://www.aclfestival.com/privacy
Oct 1-3 & 8-10, 2021Zilker, Park • Austin, TXLineupInformationContactMerchTicketsOur Privacy Policy - Your Privacy Rights
Last Updated: January 1, 2020
This Privacy Policy applies to the sites and apps where it appears.
This Policy describes how we treat personal information we collect both online and offline. This includes on our websites and in our apps. It also includes at our box offices or in phone or email interactions you have with us.
Our Privacy Policy has been designed with you in mind. How the policy applies to you will depend on the way in which you interact with us.
Your choices and rights under each scenario are explained in more detail below. Click on "Learn More" under each icon for more information or scroll down to read the full policy.
What Information We Have & Where We Get It
We collect and store different types of information about you when you create an account, buy tickets, contact us, and use our websites, apps and social media.
Learn More
How We Use Your Information & Why
We collect and use your information for lots of reasons such as helping you get into the shows you love, sharing news, for marketing and as otherwise required by law.
Learn More
Who We Share Your Data With & Why
We may share your information with the event providers as well as other third parties associated with the service provided.
Learn More
Your Choices & Rights
Among other rights, you can choose whether to receive marketing from us. You also have the right to access the information we have about you.
Learn More
Looking After Your Information
We take steps to try to make sure your information is protected and to delete it securely when we no longer need it.
Learn More
Contact Us
If you have any questions or feedback about this notice, or how we handle your information, get in touch with us.
Learn More
What Information We Have & Where We Get It
We collect information from and about you.
Contact and billing information. When you create an account, buy a product or ticket, or have a ticket transferred to you by a friend, we will collect your contact and billing information, such as your name, street address, zip code, email, phone number and credit card number.
Information you post. We may collect information you post in a public space on our website or on a third-party social media site.
Demographic information. We might collect information like your age range, race, or gender, or information about events you like or products you buy. We might collect this as part of a survey, for example.
Accessibility Information. We may collect details of your health requirements if you have accessibility requirements when attending events.
Other information. If you use our website or apps, we may collect information about the browser and device you're using, your IP address, your location, the site you came from, the site you visit when you leave us, and how you used or didn't use our site or app. We may collect this using technology such as GPS and Wi-Fi.
We collect information in different ways.
We collect information directly from you. For example, if you buy products, create an account, or register for a promotion. We also collect information if you post a comment on our websites or ask us a question.
We collect information from you passively. We use tracking tools like browser cookies and web beacons. To learn more about these tools and to control them, please click here. We also collect information from our apps.
We get information about you from third parties. For example, if you use a social media feature within our websites or apps or post to a social media platform, the social media site will give us some information about you.
How We Use Your Information & Why
We use information as disclosed and described here.
We use information to provide you with products and services. We use your information to process your order and provide you with customer support. This includes sending you emails about your account or a purchase. We might also contact you about this policy or our website terms.
We use information to respond to your requests or questions. For example, we might use your information to confirm your registration for an event or contest. You may give us your friend's information, for example via our referral service to tell a friend about our website or to purchase a gift card. We will only use your friend's information to provide services you requested. Your friend may contact us at privacy@livenation.com to ask us to delete their information.
We use information to improve our products and services. We might use your information to customize your experience with us. This could include displaying content based upon your preferences.
We may use your information to make our website, products, and services better. We may combine information we get from you with information about you we get from third parties.
We use information for security purposes. We use information to protect our company, our customers, or our websites. This includes to detect or prevent unlawful behavior.
We use information for marketing purposes. For example, we might send you information about special promotions or offers. We might also tell you about new features or products. These might be our own offers or products, or third-party offers or products we think you might find interesting. Or, for example, if you buy products from us we may enroll you in our newsletter. To learn about your choices for these communications, read the Your Rights and Choices section below.
We may also use push notifications on our mobile apps. We may use push notifications and your location information in our apps to send you alerts regarding local events.
We use information as otherwise permitted by law or as we may notify you.We keep your information as long as it is necessary or relevant for our business. We also keep information to resolve disputes, enforce our agreements and otherwise required by law.
Who We Share Your Data With & Why
We may share information with third parties.
We will share information within the Live Nation family of companies. This may include Ticketmaster, and Live Nation-owned or operated venues, for example.
We will share information with third parties who perform services on our behalf. For example, we share information with vendors who help us manage our IT infrastructure or who fulfill your purchases. Some vendors may be located outside of the United States.
We will share information with our business partners. . This includes a third party who provides an event such as the artist, promoter or team, or sponsors an event, or who operates a venue where we hold events. Our partners use the information we give them as described in their privacy policies, which may include sending you marketing communications. You should read those polices to learn how they treat your information.
We will share information with third parties who sell products or services to you. We will disclose your information to a ticket buyer or seller for order fulfillment purposes if you buy or sell tickets via our resale platform, or with a third party who provides you with ticket insurance or merchandise, for example.
We may share information if we think we have to in order to comply with the law or to protect ourselves. For example, we will share information to respond to a court order or subpoena. We may also share information if a government agency or investigatory body requests it. Or, we might also share information when we are investigating potential fraud.
We may share information with any successor to all or part of our business. For example, if part of our business is sold we may give our customer list as part of that transaction.
We may share your information for reasons not described in this policy. We will tell you before we do this.
Your Choices & Rights
You have certain choices about how we use your information.
You can opt out of receiving our marketing emails. To stop receiving our promotional emails, click here or follow the instructions in any marketing email you get from us. You can also change your preferences in your account. It may take about ten days to process your request. Even if you opt out of getting marketing emails, we will still be sure to send you transactional messages. For example, we may still contact you about your orders.
You can modify information you have given us. . To correct or delete information or update account settings, log into your account and follow the instructions. We make changes as soon as we can. This information may stay in our backup files. If we cannot make the changes you want, we will let you know and explain why. If you contact us requesting access to your information, we will respond within 45 days.
You can control cookies and tracking tools. To learn how to manage how we - and our vendors - use cookies and other tracking tools, please click here.
You can control tools on your mobile devices. For example, you can turn off the GPS locator or push notifications on your device.Your California Privacy Rights.
“Shine the Light” Law. If you are a California resident and have an established business relationship with us, you can email us to request a list of the personal information we have shared with third parties for their marketing purposes. We will also give you a list of the third parties that have received your information. You can make a request one time each year.
Mention in your email that you are making a "California Shine the Light" inquiry. We will respond within 30 days.
California Consumer Privacy Act.
If you are a California resident, you have specific privacy rights governed by the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
These rights include:
Disclosure.
You have the right to request a report showing the personal information collected, shared, and sold about you in the past 12 months.
Opt-Out. You have the right to opt-out to the sale of your personal information to third parties.
Deletion. You have the right to request that we delete any personal information collected from you.
Non-Discrimination. We shall not discriminate against you based on your exercise of any of the above rights.
You may submit a request to enact any of the above rights by clicking here to submit a request or calling us at 855-663-0019.
We may require additional information to verify your identity before responding to a CCPA rights request.
We will respond to your request within 45 days if possible and required under the law.
Personal Information Collected on California Residents:
Names and Aliases
Physical Address
Phone Number
E-Mail Address
IP Address
Unique Identifiers
Interactions with Customer Service
Information about transactions made on our services
Fan Preferences and Attributes
Cookies/Web Beacons - We use tracking tools like browser cookies and web beacons. To learn more about these tools and to control them, please click here.
Device Attributes
Personal Information Collected on California Residents:
Categories of PersonalPersonal InformationDisclosed for a Business PurposeSoldIdentifiersNames and AliasesXXPhysical AddressXXPhone NumberXXE-Mail AddressXXIP AddressXXUnique IdentifiersXXCommercial InformationInteractions with Customer ServiceX Information about transactions made on our servicesXXIndividual’s Preferences and AttributesXXInternet/ Electronic ActivityCookies/Web BeaconsXXDevice AttributesXX
To opt-out of the sale of your personal information, please click this "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" link, or use the options presented above to submit a full request.
Sources of Data about California Residents:
Self-disclosed (e.g. Information provided when interacting with our products and services)
Business partners (e.g. Analytics companies, promoters, artists, fan clubs, sports teams, venue owners, etc.)
Data brokers (e.g. Marketing companies, advertising partners, etc.)
Technical service providers (e.g. Cloud service providers)
Business or Commercial Purposes for Collecting or Selling Personal Information about California Residents:
Providing products and services
Event management
Market research and aggregated analytics
To prevent, detect, and manage unlawful behavior
Marketing
Client services
Staff administration
Third Parties with Whom we Share Personal Information:
Business partners (e.g. Analytics companies, promoters, artists, fan clubs, sports teams, venue owners, etc.)
Data brokers (e.g. Marketing companies, advertising partners, etc.)
Technical service providers (e.g. Cloud service providers)
Do Not Track. Our websites and apps are not designed to respond to "do not track" requests from browsers.
Our sites and apps are not intended for children.
Our sites and apps are meant for adults. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child under 13 has given us information, you can email us here. You can also write to us at the address listed at the end of this policy. Please mark your inquiries "COPPA Information Request."Looking After Your Information
We use standard security measures.
We have security measures in place to protect your information. The standard security measures we use will depend on the type of information collected. However, the Internet is not 100% secure. We cannot promise that your use of our sites will be completely safe. If you think that an unauthorized account has been created using your name, contact us at the address below.
We store information both in and outside of the United States.
If you live outside of the United States, you understand and agree that we may transfer your information to the United States. This site is subject to United States laws, which may not afford the same level of protection of those in your country.
We may link to third party sites or services we don't control.
If you click on one of those links, you will be taken to websites we do not control. This policy does not apply to the privacy practices of those websites. Read the privacy policy of other websites carefully. We are not responsible for these third party sites. Our site may also serve third-party content that contains their own cookies or tracking technologies. To learn more, click here. We do not control the use of those technologies.
Contact Us
Please contact us if you have more questions.
If you have any questions about this Policy or other privacy concerns, you can email us at privacy@livenation.com. Please do not include your credit card number or other sensitive information in your email. You can also write us at:
Live Nation Entertainment, Inc.
9348 Civic Center Drive
Beverly Hills, CA 90210
Attention: Privacy Officer, Legal
What we will do if there is an update to this policy.
From time to time we may change our privacy practices. We will notify you of any material changes to this policy as may be required by law. We will also post an updated copy on our website. Please check our site periodically for updates.
© 2020 Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. All rights reserved.FESTIVALTicketsMerchPartnersPressHelpContactInformationSOCIALInstagramFacebookTwitterYouTubeRedditSUBSCRIBEThank you! Your submission has been received!Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.© ACL Music FestivalPrivacyTerms & ConditionsDo Not Sell My Info