http://www.earlydancecircle.co.uk/privacy-legal-cookies/
Home
About Us
News
Calendar
Groups & Classes
Resources
Publications
Awards & Bursaries
General Disclaimer
The material on this web site is of a general nature and comment. It is presented solely for reference, historical research and educational purposes. It is not endorsed by any third party. The EDC expressly disclaims all liability to any person or organization in respect of any content of this site or the consequences of anything done or not done wholly or partly in reliance upon the content of this site.
This document consists of the following sections:
Cookie Policy
Intellectual Property Rights
Copyright
All Rights Reserved
Links and Quotations
Privacy
Personal Information
How we use your Personal Information
Marketting
Notification Mailing List
How long we will keep your Personal Information
Our approach to Information Security
Transfers of your information out of the European Economic Area
Your Rights
Consent
Sharing your information
Contact Details
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
This website uses cookies and tags. A cookie is a small text file that can be stored by your browser on the device you use to access the internet and allows the browser to pass small amounts of information about user behaviour on the given website to a web server. Tags are pieces of code that exist on web pages and collect information about usage of the web pages.
At the EDC we use cookies and tags to monitor visits to our website and continually look for places to improve your website experience. Our service partners also use cookies and tags to monitor their performance. We will never share any personal information about you with these third parties and the cookies and tags used maintain your anonymity.
When you access the Early Dance Circle website, you can find information about our use of cookies as set out in this Privacy Policy at the bottom of every page. By continuing to browse our website you consent to our use of cookies.
We engage with Google Analytics (all information is anonymised), WordPress.com, TSOHost, and very soon with Amazon. All our service partner organisations are subject to Data Protection legislation. These cookies give us critical information about various pages on the websites and how our users interact with them in order to improve performance. They allow us to operate our website and to market our publications to the wider community.
Should you wish to reject or block the use of cookies, you can do so at any time, by contacting secretary@earlydancecircle.co.uk. Cookies are specific to individual browsers so if you use more than one browser, you will need to delete cookies on each browser. Please be aware that by rejecting cookies you may not receive the optimum website experience. To find out more about cookies, including how to see which cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Intellectual Property Rights
Many logos and images used by manufacturers to distinguish their products are claimed as trademarks. The use of a trademark or company logo on this site does not mean that the organization/company has endorsed this site. Wherever possible permission has been sought from the license holders, however due to the historic nature of this site some trademark and logo owners have ceased to exist. Where they appear on this website they are taken to be acknowledged to their owners and no infringement of the intellectual copyright is intended. Any products, programme titles, trade names and brand names mentioned may be trade or service marks of their respective owners. Character names, related slogans and the like may be the property of the respective copyright owners. The use here of such material falls under Fair Use provisions.
Copyright
Copyrighted articles and images on this site are the property of the original owners. Data presented here is for reference and historical research and analysis, as permitted by ‘fair use’ rulings. The images and articles in this web site are the sole copyright of the owners of those pictures and articles. Permission must be obtained from original copyright holders before reproduction or re-posting of any material on this site. Wherever possible this site has attempted to contact and recognize the original copyright owners. Contact concerning copyright of the images will be addressed, and if required they will be withdrawn on copyright holder’s request.
All Rights Reserved
Some of the subject matter on this website is in the public domain but this particular compilation is protected by international copyright. You may view and store pages or images for your own personal use only. The use of any part of this site for business, or trade, or re-posting purposes is expressly prohibited. Images with identifiable individuals may not be used in any way without their express permission. You are granted no other rights and all other rights are reserved by the EDC.
Links and Quotations
The use of links from the EDC web site are used at the user’s sole risk. Whilst every care is taken to ensure that links and quotations are correct, the EDC does not vouch for the quality, content or views of any site visited and accepts no liability whatsoever. No product, web site, business or person is favoured and all links and information are deemed to be impartial and in no particular order. As links to other sites are subject to change, beyond the EDC’s control, it therefore cannot verify the accuracy, content or validity of any link or third party information. Should a user find a site offensive or inaccurate then it will be investigated, on receipt of a complaint, and appropriate action taken.
Privacy
The EDC website and social media are operated by the Early Dance Circle. We are a controller for the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998 and the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679. This means that we are responsible for, and control the processing of, the personal information you provide to us when becoming a member, registering for an event, ordering our publications or using this website in accordance with this privacy policy.
The Early Dance Circle understands that members care about the use and storage of their personal information and we value your trust in allowing us to do this in a careful and sensible manner. We have created this privacy policy statement in order to demonstrate our commitment to the privacy of our contacts.
By using the EDC website, social media pages, booking contacts or any other EDC service, you are acknowledging that we are processing your personal information and, where necessary consenting to such practices, as outlined in this statement.
Personal Information that we collect
We collect personal information about you (and others if their personal information is provided by you) when you:
make or manage a booking
register or alter membership details for the EDC
request information or contact us via our published email accounts
post material to our social media pages
register for our email notification service
register at the Reception at one of our events
raise a complaint or dispute with us or are involved in a legally recordable incident at one of our events (e.g. in relation to health and safety reporting)
speak to one of our representatives
use our website and customer applications in any other way.
The personal information collected in the above manner may include the following about you (and others if their personal information is provided by you):
full name
postal address
email address
telephone number
payment details (if applicable)
geo-location
machine identifiers (such as IP addresses)
dispute resolution information
disability and health information and supplementary information (dietary and other preferences and special requirements), if applicable to an event booking
image data (notification of filming is clear at all our events)
behavioural data (tags and cookies – see Cookies and Tracking section below).
How we use your Personal Information
We will collect personal information:
in order to take the necessary steps to fulfil our charitable aims:
Payments and bookings – provide communications about membership, governance (AGM), bookings, products and services being provided to you (and others if their personal information is provided by you)
Bookings and purchasing updates – send details of new, amended or cancelled bookings or purchases, usually via email
Update you on matters affecting your booking or purchase – contact you (and others if their personal information is provided by you) in the event of a change that affects a booking or any data or personal information you have provided us with
Notification – to send you information that may be of interest subject to the email policy you subscribed to
Customer service communication – provide you with requested information or correspondence or a response from us to an enquiry made by you; an Early Dance Events calendar is available on the EDC website
Maintain your Early Dance Circle membership – to update our records, create and maintain your membership;
with your consent:
Maintain records indicating your consent to status – to ensure we accurately reflect your wishes when communicating with you and, in our legitimate interest improve our services
Website improvement and fraud prevention – improve our website, prevent or detect fraud or abuses of our website and enable third parties to carry out technical, logistical or other functions on our behalf; we engage with Google Analytics (all information anonymised), WordPress.com, TSOHost, and very soon with Amazon; all our service partner organisations are subject to Data Protection legislation
Security – carry out security checks when allowing you access to our services and to block fraudulent or suspected fraudulent activity
Marketting
We may periodically send promotional material to you about early dance events or other information which we think you may find interesting, based on your membership of the EDC, to the email and postal addresses and phone numbers which you have provided. We do not generally email event listings, but provide those for you on our website instead. Additionally, we publicise events and other promotional material via our social media on Facebook and Twitter.
If this promotional material relates to products, services and bookings previously supplied by us to you, we will assume, under our legitimate interests to promote similar goods and services, that you are willing to receive this information unless you tell us otherwise. Please note that we do not want to send you information that you do not wish to receive and you can opt out at any time (please see The right to ask us to stop contacting you with direct marketing below for further information).
We will always ask your permission before sending you email marketing information. We do this by asking for your positive confirmation (e.g. by providing a tick or inserting your contact details in the relevant boxes) indicating that you wish to receive information about early dance events and you can opt out at any time (please see ‘The right to ask us to stop contacting you with direct marketing’ below for further information). This ensures you only receive information that you have given us permission to send and are willing to receive.
Notification Mailing List
Users of this website may subscribe to a notification service in order to remain informed about news of interest to our community. This service is implemented using the Mailchimp mailing service, use of which is subject to the Mailchimp privacy policy as documented here: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/ . You can unsubscribe at any time either by emailing the EDC to request that we remove you, or by using the unsubscribe link that is included in each such mailing. Joining our notification service does not constitute joining the EDC, leaving it does not constitute leaving the EDC.
How long we will keep your Personal Information
We retain your information for a range of purposes which determine the period of time for which we need to keep such information. For example, (list is not exclusive):
Data for the purposes of maintaining membership – 3 years from the point of last contact with you as a member.
Data for the purposes of completing purchases – 3 years from the point of last contact.
Data for compliance with legal obligations arising from contracts entered into with you, for example tax regulations – as required by applicable legislation.
Data for the purpose of sending email notifications – until you unsubscribe from the notification mailing list, or request that you are removed from the list.
We will remove your data from our systems at the end of the applicable data retention periods, unless we are required by current or future law to retain your personal information for a longer period.
Our approach to Information Security
To protect your information, the Early Dance Circle has policies and procedures in place to make sure that only authorised personnel can access your information, that information is handled and stored in a secure and sensible manner, and that all systems that can access the information have proportionate and reasonable security measures in place. To achieve this, employees, contractors, sub-contractors and third party suppliers have contracts, with defined roles and responsibilities.
While we take reasonable measures to ensure the safety and security of your data, due to the inherent risks with the Internet, we are unable to guarantee the absolute security of your data when using our services.
Transfers of your information out of the European Economic Area
For the purpose of ensuring our websites are operating correctly or in relation to third parties with whom we share your data, we may from time to time need to transfer your personal information to support partners who are located outside the European Economic Area, Any transfer of your data will be subject to adequate levels of protection that will safeguard your privacy rights and give you remedies in the unlikely event of a security breach.
Your Rights
In order to process any of the requests listed below, we may need to verify your identity for your security. In such cases your response will be necessary for you to exercise this right.
The right to access information we hold about you
At any point you may contact us to request details concerning the information we hold about you, why we have that information, who has access to the information and where we obtained the information. In most cases you may be entitled to copies of the information we hold concerning you. Once we have received your request we will respond within 30 days. Contact secretary@earlydancecircle.co.uk.
The right to correct and update the information we hold about you
If the data we hold about you is out of date, incomplete or incorrect, you may inform us and we will ensure that it is updated.
The right to have your information erased
If you feel that we should no longer be using your data or that we are illegally using your data, you may request that we erase the data we hold. When we receive your request, we will confirm whether the data has been deleted or tell you the reason why it cannot be deleted.
The right to object to processing of your data
You have the right to request that the EDC stops processing your data. Upon receiving the request, we will contact you to tell you if we are able to comply or if we have legitimate grounds to continue. If data is no longer processed, we may continue to hold your data to comply with your other rights.
The right to ask us to stop contacting you with direct marketing
You have the right to request that we stop contacting you with direct marketing of early dance events. You may also unsubscribe at any time by contacting the EDC Secretary, secretary@earlydancecircle.co.uk. It is not possible to opt out of receiving communication from us which relates to your bookings or membership. This ensures that we can always contact you about circumstances that may affect you.
The right to data portability
You have the right to request that we transfer your data to another controller. Once we have received your request, we will comply where it is feasible to do so.
The right to complain
You can make a complaint to us by contacting us via secretary@earlydancecircle.co.uk or to the data protection supervisory authority – in the UK, this is the Information Commissioner’s Office, at https://ico.org.uk/.
Consent
In those cases where we need your consent to process your information, we will ask you to make a positive indication (e.g. to tick a box or insert your contact details on the relevant form or web page requiring consent). By actively providing us with your consent, you are stating that you have been informed as to the type of personal information that will be processed, the reasons for such processing, how it will be used, for how long it will be kept, who else will have access to it and what your rights are as a data subject and that you have read and understood this privacy policy.
Sharing your information
The information and data we collect is important for the Early Dance Circle. We understand that you care about the use and storage of your personal information and we value your trust in allowing us to do this. We will not share this with anyone else without your express consent, we will never disclose, rent, trade or sell your personal information to any third parties for their marketing purposes.
We do disclose or transfer your data or personal information to other companies, data processors or agents employed by us to perform any necessary functions on our behalf (such as hosting and maintaining our website, providing us with data management systems and support services), but they are bound by similar terms to those set out in our privacy policy and may not use this information for their own purposes.
Contact Details
If you have any queries about this policy, need further information or wish to lodge a complaint you can use the details below to contact us.
EDC Named Data Protection Officer and Data Controller (a Data Controller determines the purposes and means of processing personal data): Miles Thomas has agreed to take on this role, an appointment from the Chair, without vote or attendance at meetings except for discussion of relevant agenda items. The DPO is contactable via the Secretary who will forward communications. The DPO’s report will be included in the Chair’s report at the AGM. If the DPO differs significantly with the way Data Protection is being operated by the EDC, he/she must resign. Contact is via: secretary@earlydancecircle.co.uk
Our other officers and contact details are listed on our contacts page.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may change this policy from time to time. You should check this policy occasionally to ensure that you are aware of the most recent version that will apply each time you access the EDC website.
Search the Site
Featured Events
Gallery
7ads6x98y