http://www.lasvegasdancesport.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
When contacting us on our site you may be asked to enter your e-mail address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to our website. Google’s use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites and/or other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/
Google Analytics
The following Google Analytics features are implemented based on Display Advertising: Remarketing, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager integration, and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. Using http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/, users can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads. We look at data from Google’s Interest-based advertising or 3rd-party audience data (such as age, gender, and interests) with Google Analytics.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.