http://www.nutzmedia.com/privacy.htm
Home :: Contact :: About Us :: Advertising :: Privacy :: Calendar
Home >> Privacy
NutzMedia Sites
NutzWorld
EntertainmentNutz
GamezNutz
ComputerNutz
JetVelocity
SportzNutz
SportzNetwork
SportzContest
SportzRadio
SportzBoards
SportzFans
NFLSlam
NHLSlam
Sportsfinity
24Ksports
FreakSports
Media Partner Sites
ProHQ
SavePorkie
SavantGo
CashDev
TrafficDev
Net1PC
Sites for Sale
NutzMedia Privacy Policy
NutzMedia has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for all of our websites.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart and to gather broad demographic information.
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address), financial information (like their account or credit card numbers), and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company and promotional material from some of our partners. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services. Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor the visitor's experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.
Our sites contains links to other sites. NutzMedia is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor's contact information (like their email address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our company to our customers. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services.
Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information (like their email address) and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). We use contact data from our surveys to send the user information about our company. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.
We run contests on our site in which we ask visitors for contact information (like their email address) and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). We use contact data from our contests to send users information about our company. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.
We often use outside ad companies to display ads on our site. Ads may contain cookies, and appear to be coming from our site, but in reality they are coming from our partners who are serving ads on our site. Our site does not use cookies. We do not have access to any information about you from cookies you might receive while visiting our site.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. also These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies,http://www.networkadvertising.
org/managing/opt_out.asp
Some customer data also is shared with the advertising companies to visit their privacy statements click on their names below
BurstMedia  Cj.com  WebClients.net  Google
Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners at the point where we request information about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
You can send email to unsubscribe@nutzworld.com
We also use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our
Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including
your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your
visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements
about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more
information about this practice and to know your choices about not
having this information used by these companies, click here.
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
email changes@nutzworld.com
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact
Michael Larson
NutzMedia.com
1281 Cherokee Ln
BHC, AZ 86442
msl@nutzworld.com
Home :: Contact :: About Us :: Advertising :: Privacy  ::  TOS
© 1999-2010 NutzMedia. All Rights Reserved