http://www.guinnesschoir.org/privacy-policy/
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the The Guinness Choir website.  The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Email Address
Telephone Number
Etc
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive newsletters or updates that we may produce from time to time. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the sign up form.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website. We may tell our developers that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
The purchasing of products from The Guinness Choir is handled by a third party services: namely Paypal and Eventbrite. We do not hold any personal purchasing information on our website.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by requesting it via email to guinnesschoir@gmail.com. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
Irish Data Protection Commissioner
Further information on your data privacy rights is available on the website of the Irish data protection commissioner (www.dataprivacy.ie)
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please send us an email at secretary@guinnesschoir.ie or get in touch via the details on our Contact page.
Cookies
We collate information on all our Website traffic that is represented in aggregate format through cookies. We use third parties such as Google Analytics to collect user information, including through the use of cookies (flash and non-flash). They help us to improve our Website and to deliver many of the functions that make your browser experience more user friendly. You can find a list of cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them below:
Google
_utma, _utmb, _utmc, _utmz
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where vistors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Site Cookies
site_cookies_accept
This cookie tracks if you have dismissed our cookie banner and will prevent it from showing again if it has been dismissed.
By using the Website you are agreeing to the use of cookies as described.
The help menu on the menu bar of most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether. You can also disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as flash cookies, by changing the add-on’s settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer. For more information about cookies and managing them, including how to turn them off, please visit www.cookiecentral.com. However, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of the Website’s essential features, we recommend you leave them turned on.
Share This:
ABOUT USAbout Us
Honorary Patron
Musical Director
Committee & Singers
PHOTO GALLERIESOur Photo Galleries ›Our Photo Galleries ›MAILING LIST
First Name
Last Name
Email address:
Leave this field empty if you're human: CONTACT US   guinnesschoir@gmail.com