http://www.kmfa.org/pages/48-privacy-policy
About /
Privacy Policy
KMFA Classical 89.5 adheres to the policies outlined below to ensure the privacy of your personal information. These policies have been updated with an effective date of August 9, 2019.
Web site and apps
When you visit our web site or use our apps, we may automatically recognize information like your domain name, where you are coming to us from and what browser you are using (via industry-standard cookies). We use this information to analyze how traffic flows at our sites, but no one can contact or identify you from this information.
When You Make a Donation
KMFA will ask you to provide the information necessary to process and service your donation: name, billing and shipping address, telephone number, email address, and credit card number. This information is encrypted for your security and is only seen by the staff member who processes your gift and our contracted fulfillment agencies. If you would like to view or correct any information in your account, please email membership@kmfa.org.
Security
When you contribute to KMFA online, the information you provide is encrypted and transferred securely to KMFA where it is stored in a secure database.  Financial transactions occur on a separate secure domain in order to protect your financial information. We have appropriate security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
List sharing
KMFA never sells email addresses or telephone numbers. From time to time, KMFA may exchange mailing addresses with other arts and cultural organizations in Austin whose offerings may be of interest to our listeners. If you prefer not to have your mailing address exchanged, you may indicate this when you make your donation, or contact our membership department at membership@kmfa.org.
If you supply us with your postal address, email address or phone number online, you may receive periodic mailings or calls from us. If you do not wish to receive these, please notify us at membership@kmfa.org, providing your complete name, address, and phone number.
Third Party Information
KMFA’s website may include links to other websites, applications, and services that do not follow the same privacy policies as KMFA. If you click through to a third party site, note that their privacy policy may be different from ours.
Children
If you are a parent or guardian, we encourage you to become involved in your children's online experience, and to share your knowledge and experience with your young ones.
Policy subject to change
Our privacy policy is subject to change. Any changes will be reflected on this page, and we invite you to check back periodically.
Contact information
If you have questions or concerns about our policy, please contact us using any of the methods given below.
Mail: PO Box 6200, Austin, TX 78762
Email: info@kmfa.org
Telephone: (512) 476-5632
About KMFA
Staff
Board of Directors
Jobs
Internships
Volunteer
Press
Public File
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Diversity/EEO
play
pause
Update Required
To play the media you will need to either update your browser to a recent version or update your Flash plugin.