https://www.privatephotoreview.com/privacy/
PrivacyThis privacy policy sets out how PRIVATE (also referred to as privatephotoreview.com) uses and protects any information that you give us when you use this website.PRIVATE is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.PRIVATE may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 31.08.2011.
What we collectWe may collect the following information:
Products you’ve viewed: we’ll use this to, for example, show you products you’ve recently viewed
Location, IP address and browser type: we’ll use this for purposes like estimating taxes and shipping
Shipping address: we’ll ask you to enter this so we can, for instance, estimate shipping before you place an order, and send you the order!
We’ll also use cookies to keep track of cart contents while you’re browsing our site.If you create an account, we will store your name, address, email and phone number, which will be used to populate the checkout for future orders.
We generally store information about you for as long as we need the information for the purposes for which we collect and use it, and we are not legally required to continue to keep it. This includes your name, email address and billing and shipping addresses.
We will also store comments or reviews, if you choose to leave them.
What we do with the information we gatherWe require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
SecurityWe are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
PaymentThis store uses PayPal for payments, and PayPal automatically encrypts your confidential information in transit from your computer to ours using the Secure Sockets Layer protocol (SSL) with an encryption key length of 128-bits (the highest level commercially available).You are not required to have a PayPal account to purchase from this store. Although if you already have a PayPal account you may use it.
Please see the PayPal Privacy Policy for more details.
How we use cookiesA cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websitesOur website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
NewsletterWhen you register, you will be given the option to opt-out of subscribing to our email newsletter containing information on new products, events, offers, features, special offers, contests and one-off marketing promotions.  We do not sell or otherwise pass your details to third parties for marketing purposes. Marketing communications you subscribe to will only be sent by PRIVATE. You can unsubscribe at any time by logging into your account and amending the preference.
Controlling your personal informationYou may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposesif you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@privatephotoreview.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Integrity of your personal information. PRIVATE has safeguards in place to keep your personal information accurate, complete, and up to date for the purposes for which it is used. Naturally, you always have the right to correct the personal information you have provided. External Contributors Policy Terms and Conditions for photographers, writers, freelancers and contributors of user-generated content.
We’re sorry, but we cannot offer financial compensation for the publication of your Contributions. By submitting your Contributions (also referred to as ‘photos, texts’) to privatephotoreview.com (also referred to as ‘PRIVATE’, the ‘Website’), you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. You warrant that your Contribution is your own original work and does not contravene rights of any third parties. You also confirm that you have the consent of anyone who is identifiable in your contribution or the consent of their parent/guardian if they are under 16. By submitting any Contribution to the Website you grant PRIVATE a perpetual, sub-licensable, irrevocable, non-exclusive right to use the photos and texts in any way it may reasonably choose on a free of charge basis in any form, medium, or technology now known or later developed throughout the world. You will retain any copyright in your Contribution and you may continue using the photos and texts yourself and/or allow third parties to use it. You grant PRIVATE the right to change or edit the photos and texts in your Contribution for operational and editorial reasons. PRIVATE reserves the right to remove any of your Contributions if it believes that they do not comply with the Terms and Conditions. By submitting your photos or texts does not guarantee that your Contribution will be accepted for publication. If your Contribution is accepted for publication, you will be contacted within 5 days. After publication, you can request to make changes to the text of your post, using the following form. If you ask to remove your Contribution from our Website, we will do so without hesitation. Deletion “PRIVATE contributor” account. To request deletion of your Account, please use this form.  We will take steps to verify your identity, to prevent fraud/abuse (“social engineering” attacks).
Please do not submit your Contribution to the Website, if you do not wish to grant to ‘privatephotoreview.com’ the permission to use your Contribution in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
Welcome back!
Username
Password
Remember Me
Join Us
Username specifications: the field Username can not contain spaces, upper case letters or special characters (eg: -.!,%&?). Choose carefully, this field can not be changed.
First Name
Last Name
Username
Email
Password
Confirm Password
Sign me up for the newsletter!
Forgotten Password?
Username or Email
Register | Lost your password? | Back to Login
We use cookies from third party services for marketing activities and to offer you a better experience. Read about how we use cookies and how you can control them by clicking "Privacy Preferences".
Privacy Preferences
I Agree