https://www.adriangottlieb.com/privacy-policy/
Official Portraits
Personal Portraits
Figurative Paintings
Recent Paintings
Original Works
Prints
Classes/Workshops
Protecting your privacy is important to Gottlieb Studios (also referred to as “we,” “us” or “our” for the rest of this agreement). We do not collect your personal information, such as names and mailing or e-mail addresses, unless you knowingly provide this information to us while visiting this website (“www.adriangottlieb.com”). By using the Website, you consent to this Privacy Policy and our Website Terms of Use.
What Personal Information Does Gottlieb Studios Collect About Me?
You may use the Website without registering or submitting any personal information. If you choose to engage in certain activities on the Website, such as  placing an order, or subscribing to our mailing list, you will provide us with personal information that is linked to you specifically. This can include personal contact information (name, e-mail address, password, billing address, telephone number) and professional information (company name, position/title)
All information that www.adriangottlieb.com receives from its customers is secured against unauthorized use or access. If you place an order on the Website, we do not store your credit card information. Before you place an order via Paypal, you login in directly through their payment gateway where your information will be entered there. When you pay via Stripe, your information is entered using Stripe’s payment form and sent directly to Stripe where your payment is processed through their secure servers. Your payment information and email is subject to their respective privacy policies. https://paypal.com/privacy and https://stripe.com/privacy/
We use MailChimp to manage our newsletter and other email lists. There’s no third-party tracking in messages we send through MailChimp besides MailChimp’s own analytics, which may aggregate how many subscribers open a message or click the links inside. MailChimp’s privacy policy is available at http://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy.
You can unsubscribe from our newsletter by clicking on the unsubscribe link provided at the end of the newsletter. You can also email support@disconnect.me to update your email address, or to request that we delete your email.
How Does Gottlieb Studios Use My Personal Information?
We may use personal information collected from you in the following ways:
To enable you to access and use our website, including logging into your account and downloading Class Materials lists and other lesson related plans.
To process and complete transactions, and send you related information, including order confirmations and invoices. We may also contact you if we have questions about your account or any of your orders.
To provide customer service and support, including responding to your comments, questions and requests, and sending you technical notices, updates and support messages.
To send promotional email communications, including email newsletters and occasional business announcements and updates. If you do not wish to receive these email announcements, please click the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any of these emails. You can also elect not to receive promotional emails when you create an account.
To improve the Website.
Does Gottlieb Studios Share My Personal Information with Third Parties?
We will not share your personal information with third parties for the purpose of marketing their products. For example, we do not sell our email lists. But we may share your personal information with companies that provide us with support services in conducting our business, operating the Website and marketing our own products and services. This includes PayPal and Strip, our third-party payment vendors, and Mail Chimp, our third-party email campaign service. Please consult Mail Chimps Privacy Policy here. We share your personal information only if these companies require such information to perform their functions. We do not authorize these companies to use your personal information for any other purpose.
We will share your personal information with the appropriate authorities if we believe in good faith that doing so is required by law or court order, to protect our rights or property, or to protect the safety of our users or the public.
Does Gottlieb Studios Collect Any Other Information About Me?
In addition to personal information, we may also collect the following data that is not linked to you specifically:
Cookie Data. Cookies are small pieces of data that are transferred to your browser by a server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. We use cookies to help us improve the website experience and deliver more personalized service to our customers. For instance, cookies enable our website to remember unique information about your visit such as your shopping cart contents. Any cookies we may use are not linked to any Personally Identifiable Information on the website. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can set your browser preferences to block cookies and delete existing cookies from your browser. We recommend that you accept cookies so that all of the features of the website function properly.
Web Analytics Data. Like many website providers, we use Google Analytics to monitor and analyze traffic to the Website. You can find further information on how Google collects and processes data and how to opt out of such collection athttp://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
Is My Information Secure?
We strive to maintain the safety of your information. All information you provide to us is stored on a secure server. All credit card transactions are processed by Stripe, which uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to protect the security of your payment information. Access to your account information requires a password. You are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
Notwithstanding our commitments to protect your information (including personally identifiable information), the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. As a result, although we strive to protect your information, we cannot guarantee the security and privacy of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. We assume no responsibility for unauthorized access to your information.
How Do I Update My Personal Information?
You have the right to access and update your personally identifiable information at any time by logging into your account on the Website. You may also submit any changes to your personally identifiable information and preferences by emailing info@adriangottlieb.com.
Our Policy Towards Children
In accordance with our Website Terms of Use, www.adriangottlieb.com is only intended for users aged 18 and above. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not provide us with any personal information. If we learn that we have collected any personally identifiable information from a child under 13, we will take steps to promptly delete the information.
International Visitors
We operate the Website in the United States. Although you may be located in another country, when you visit the Website, you consent to have your personal data transferred, processed and stored in the United States, and allow Gottlieb Studios to use your information in the way described in this Privacy Policy.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Gottlieb Studios may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time, posting notice on the Website. You can review the current version of the Privacy Policy by clicking on the Website’s “Privacy Policy” link, available at www.adriangottlieb.com/privacy. All modifications are effective immediately when we post them and will be prospective only, not retroactive. You agree that your use of the Website after a modification will be treated as acceptance of the modified Privacy Policy. We recommend that you check this Privacy Policy each time you plan to submit personally identifiable information so that you understand how the information you are submitting will be used.
Website Terms of Use
Please also visit Gottlieb Studios Website Terms of Use establishing the terms, disclaimers and limitations of liability governing your use of the Website.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or practices, please contact us at info@adriangottlieb.com.
Customer Service
Shipping and Returns
Email Us
Credit Cards and Payments
Payment Services
Terms and Conditions
Privacy
Email Signup
Please join Gottlieb's mailing list if you wish to be notified of special studio sales and events