http://www.harrowchoral.org.uk/privacy_policy/
burger
facebook
letters
twitter
HomeAboutEvents & TicketsLinksMembers AreaContact
Find us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
Privacy Policy
Harrow Choral Society takes your privacy seriously. This privacy policy explains how we use any personal information we collect about you when you use this website.
What information do we collect about you?
We make a note of contact information about you when you contact us via email, sign up for our mailing list or place an order for a something via the Website, eg concert tickets.
How will we use the information about you?
The information is used to make contact with you, if necessary, about your enquiries and to enable us to process your order. We will not share your information with any other organisation.
We would also like to send you information about our concerts and other relevant choir activities which may be of interest to you. If you have consented to receive this sort of information, you may opt out at a later date.
You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for any purpose. If you no longer wish to be contacted, please let us know using the ‘contact us’ link below.
Access to your information and correction
You have the right to request a copy of the contact information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of this information, please email us using the ‘contact us’ link below.
We want to make sure that your contact information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct information you think is inaccurate.
If you no longer want us to store your contact information you may ask us to delete it.
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information.  We make use of them only to simplify access to, and navigation around, our website.  No information is shared with third party organisations.
For further information visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the above websites tell you how to remove cookies from your browser. However in a few cases some of our website features may not function as a result.
.
Other websites
Our website contains links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to this website so when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policies.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this we b page. This privacy policy was last updated on 24 May 2018.
How to contact us
Please contact us by email if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you: chairman@harrowchoral.org.uk