http://www.australianceramics.com/terms-and-conditions
Skip to content
PRIVACY, TERMS & CONDITIONS
Privacy, Terms & ConditionsAustralian Ceramics2019-07-12T15:07:36+10:00
MEMBERSHIP
The Australian Ceramics Association annual membership inclusions:
3 issue subscription to The Journal of Australian Ceramics
Optional 12 months Product, Public and Tenants Group Liability Insurance (if selected at time of purchase).
A Certificate of Currency is issued as part of ‘& insurance’ membership options only.
Australian Ceramics Open Studios (annual event, fee applicable)
Touch Clay Weekly eNewsletter
Artist listing on the online Australian Ceramics Directory
Opportunities to exhibit in TACA’s national exhibitions
Tax-deductible membership fee
The Australian Ceramics Association ConstitutionPRIVACY STATEMENT
This website uses cookies. They contain information that is of a statistical nature only, assisting the user experience and is not able to identify individual website users.
Information collected will not be used for unauthorised purposes such as email lists or junk email.
Information submitted to The Australian Ceramics Association via this website is only used for the purpose for which it is submitted.
Information in application forms is used by The Australian Ceramics Association strictly in confidence. Information will not be disclosed to any other third parties.
The Australian Ceramics Directory
Information submitted by users to The Australian Ceramics Directory is done so voluntarily and The Australian Ceramics Association accepts no liability for any reliance placed on information therein.
Registration to the Australian Ceramics Directory automatically gives copyright permission to the The Australian Ceramics Association to publish registrants image and details on the Directory.
The Australian Ceramics Association reserves the right of discretion in regard to the acceptance of applicants content submitted to the Directory.
SITE CONDITIONS
Copyright
The Australian Copyright Act 1968 (the Act) allows 10% of the number of words on this website to be reproduced and/or communicated by any educational institution for its educational purposes provided that the educational institution (or the body that administers it) has given a renumeration notice to the Copyright Agency Limited (CAL) under the act. For details of the CAL licence for educational institutions contact:
Copyright Agency Limited
Level 15, 233 Castlereagh Street
Sydney, NSW 2000
Telephone: (02) 9394 7600
Facsimilie: (02) 9394 7601
Email: info@copyright.com.au
Except as permitted under the Act (for example for the services of the Crown or in reliance on one of the fair dealing exceptions i.e fair dealing for the purposes of research or study) no part of this website may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, communicated or transmitted in any form or by any means without prior written permission. All inquiries should be made to the copyright owner at The Australian Ceramics Association (a company limited by guarantee; herein after called The Australian Ceramics Association)
Trade Marks
The Australian Ceramics Association logo and ‘The Journal of Australian Ceramics’ are registered trademarks of The Australian Ceramics Association.
General Disclaimer
Legal Notice – The Australian Ceramics Association warrants that the information contained in this website is correct the time of publication.
Prices and details of all products are subject to change without notice. Please contact The Australian Ceramics Association for latest updates.
This website is intended to provide information of a general nature, and should not be relied upon as specific advice for individual users.
The Australian Ceramics Association makes every effort to maintain the currency of information in this website, but accepts no liability for any reliance placed on information herein.
PUBLISHING IN THE JOURNAL OF AUSTRALIAN CERAMICS
Editorial Policy
Editorial policy of The Journal of Australian Ceramics (The Journal) is to allow the author to use their own writing style. Minimum editorial interference is exercised (except in grammar and spelling). At times, articles may be edited due to layout restrictions and, when possible, the author will be contacted prior to production.
Editorial Copyright
All authors are required to sign a License to Publish Agreement.
Copyright of the PDF is held by The Journal of Australian Ceramics. The editor retains the right to include, or postpone the publication of any article. Please notify us if you submit your article to more than one publication. The Australian Ceramics Association may publish articles in various formats or media, make translations, license it to third parties such as database aggregators, and collect any fees earned.
Return of Materials
Please do not send original files of articles, photographs or resources etc. Retain the original (or at least a copy) of submission material for you personal records. All care is taken, but the material you send passes through many hands in many different places, so no responsibility can be accepted for lost material. If you require us to return your submitted material please send a specific request by email to the Editor.
DIRECTORY TERMS OF USE
Information submitted by users to The Australian Ceramics Directory is done so voluntarily and The Australian Ceramics Association accepts no liability for any reliance placed on information therein
Registration to the Australian Ceramics Directory automatically gives copyright permission to the The Australian Ceramics Association to publish registrants image and details on the Directory.
The Australian Ceramics Association reserves the right of discretion in regard to the acceptance of applicants content submitted to the Directory.
SHOP TERMS
Products
*All products are displayed inclusive of the current (Australian) GST tax rate. Products purchased by overseas customers are not subject to GST and are displayed exclusive of taxes.
Payments
The Australian Ceramics Association uses STRIPE for online transactions. On checkout you will be asked to agree to their terms (below).
STRIPE Payment Terms
Returns Policy
You can cancel this order within two weeks after we have received it.
You can return new, unopened items from a cancelled order within 2 weeks after delivery. Items should be returned in their original state and packaging.
For more information on cancelling orders and returning items, see the Our Returns Policy.
Toggle Sliding Bar Area