http://www.vincentdt.com/policies-credits/
Skip to content
Skip to navigation
› Terms & Conditions› Copyright› Privacy Policy› Your personal info› Cookies› Third party cookies› Links to other sites› Refund policy› This websiteTerms & ConditionsWelcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Vincent Dance Theatre’s relationship with you in relation to this website.
The term Vincent Dance Theatre or “us” or “we” refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is Level 8 Unit C North, New England House, New England Street, Brighton BN1 4GH. Our company registration number is 4259502, registered in England and Wales. The term “you” refers to the user or viewer of our website.
Please read this disclaimer carefully before using the VDT website:
By accessing the website, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions below. If you do not wish to be bound by these terms and conditions, you should not access or use the website. The material, text and other content of this website is for general information only. It is subject to change without notice.
No warranties, guarantees, promises or representations, express or implied, concerning the content, accuracy, completeness, timeliness or usefulness of any opinions, advice or other information contained or referenced in this website are made.
VDT is not responsible for information appearing via hyperlinks, and the use of this website does not obligate VDT to follow-up or contact users of this website.
In consideration for your use of and access to this website, you agree that in no event will VDT or any other party involved in creating, producing or delivering this website or any site linked to this website, be liable to you in any manner whatsoever for any decision made or action or non-action taken by you in reliance upon the information provided through this website.
While Vincent Dance Theatre makes every effort to provide information which is as complete, up-to-date and accurate as possible, your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements. Please contact Vincent Dance Theatre if you find any material on the site which is inaccurate or misleading.
Neither Vincent Dance Theatre nor any of its employees, agents or subcontractors can be held responsible or liable to users of the information or any other person for any errors or omissions, or for any losses, costs or claims which arise as a result of relying on such information or advice.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, Vincent Dance Theatre takes no responsibility for and will not be liable for the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website. Unauthorised use of this website may give to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England and Wales.
CopyrightThis website and its content is copyright of Vincent Dance Theatre – © Vincent Dance Theatre 2018. All rights reserved.
Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited other than the following:
you may print or download to a local hard disk extracts for your personal and non-commercial use only
you may copy the content to individual third parties for their personal use, but only if you acknowledge the website as the source of the material
You may not, except with our express written permission, distribute or commercially exploit the content. Nor may you transmit it or store it in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system.
Privacy PolicyThis privacy policy sets out how Vincent Dance Theatre uses and protects any information that you give Vincent Dance Theatre when you use this website.
Vincent Dance Theatre is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website,
In disclosing your personal information you agree to the collection, storage and processing of your personal information by us. It will only be disclosed to third parties in order to provide the services you have requested. The information we hold about you will be accurate and up to date. You can contact us to check this information. If you find any inaccuracies we will delete or correct them promptly.
Controlling your personal informationWhat information do we hold?
Information that you provide to us such as your name, address, telephone number, email address and, rarely, payment details.
Where gathered, information for the services we provide you, for example the date and location of the workshop and/or performance attended.
Your contact details and details of the emails and other electronic communications you receive from us, including whether that communication has been opened and if you have clicked on any links within that communication. We want to make sure that our communications are useful for you, so if you don’t open them or don’t click on any links in them, we know we need to improve our services.
Non-identifiable information about your activity on our websites (www.vincentdt.com and www.virginterritory.org), for example length of time and behaviour on site, browser or IP address.
Whenever you provide personal information to us, we are legally obliged to use this information in accordance with all laws concerning the protection of personal information including the UK Data Protection Act 1998 and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) which comes into effect from 25 May 2018.
How do we use your information?
The information we collect may be used to:
Personalise your communications, for example by understanding which education programme you are interested in and your location;
Help us ensure that our customers are genuine and to prevent fraud;
Conduct market research;
For statistical analysis;
Help us understand more about you as a customer, the products and services you consume and the manner in which you consume them, so we can serve you better;
Find ways to improve our Services, app and websites;
Contact you about products and services from us;
Provide you with online advertising;
Provide for the safety and security of our colleagues and customers; and
Help answer your questions and solve any issues you have.
Process your orders;
Take payment from you or give you a refund;
Keeping you informed
We would like to contact you from time to time with information that we think you might be interested in. This includes details of upcoming performances and workshops, as well as news and great offers.
Where you have consented to us doing so, we may do this through by email, online, using social media, or by other electronic means.
We won’t send you marketing messages if you tell us not to. If you wish to amend your marketing preferences, you can do so by changing preferences after receiving emails from us, or by calling the VDT office on +44 (0) 1273 911616.
Your rights
Access and correction of your personal information
You have the right to access the personal information that we hold about you in many circumstances. This is sometimes called a ‘Subject Access Request’. If we agree that we are obliged to provide personal information to you (or someone else on your behalf), we will provide it to you or them free of charge.
Before providing personal information to you or another person on your behalf, we may ask for proof of identity and sufficient information about your interactions with us that we can locate your personal information.
If any of the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate or out of date, you may ask us to correct it.
If you would like to exercise these rights, please contact us.
Right to stop or limit our processing of your data
You have the right to object to us processing your personal information if we are not entitled to use it any more, to have your information deleted if we are keeping it too long or have its processing restricted in certain circumstances.
If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us.
How long do we keep your information?
We will retain a record of your personal information. This is done in order to provide you with a high quality and consistent service. We will always retain your personal information in accordance with law and regulation and never retain your information for longer than is necessary.
Links to other websites
We sometimes provide you with links to other websites, but these websites are not under our control. Therefore we will not be liable to you for any issues arising in connection with their use of your information, the website content or the services offered to you by these websites. We advise you to consult the privacy policy and terms and conditions on each website to see how each supplier may process your information.
We do not “share” your information with any third parties.
Sharing your thoughts
When using one of our websites, you may be able to share information through social networks like Facebook and Twitter. For example when you ‘like’, ‘share’ or review our Services. When doing this your personal information may be visible to the providers of those social networks and their other users. Please remember it is your responsibility to set appropriate privacy settings on your social network accounts so you are comfortable with how your information is used and shared on them.
Security
We take security measures to protect your information including:
limiting access to our office to those that we believe are entitled to be there;
implementing access controls to our information technology, such as firewalls, ID verification;
We do not disclose, share, sell, or trade information about your individual visits to our websites or any personal information that you may give us such as your name, address, email address or telephone number, to or with any outside companies or organisations without your express permission.
We will verify that you have given us a functioning email address by sending a confirmation message to you at that address. You must respond to that message so we can verify your email address. You may choose to unsubscribe of our newsletters at any time by clicking on ‘unsubscribe’.
How we use cookiesCookies
VDT puts small files (known as ‘cookies’) onto your computer to collect information about how you browse the site.
Cookies are used to:
measure how you use the website so it can be updated and improved based on your needs;
collect information about your browsing habits and allow us to show you adverts while you are browsing our site and other sites on the internet.
Third party cookiesWe try to give you as much information as possible in relation to Cookies on our site so you can make an informed decision about how to manage them when you visit us.
In addition to our main Cookies policy we also have a 3rd party Cookie policy. This is because some of the pages on our site contain embedded content from third-party websites – like a video from YouTube for example. Please see below for information about the specific 3rd party Cookies used on our site.
Because this content is from another website, we don’t control the setting of these cookies. If you want to change your cookie preferences, check the third-party websites for information on how to manage their cookies.
For more information on how to manage, delete and control Cookies on your computer: www.aboutcookies.org
Google AnalyticsMeasuring website usage (Google Analytics)
We use Google Analytics software to collect information about how you use our websites. We do this to help make sure the site is meeting the needs of its users and to help us make improvements, for example reviewing the navigation.
Google Analytics stores information about:
the pages you visit
how long you spend on each page
how you got to the site
what you click on while you’re visiting the site
We don’t collect or store your personal information (for example your name or address) so this information can’t be used to identify who you are.
Click here for an overview of privacy at Google
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit the Google site.
YouTube cookiesWe embed videos from YouTube. This mode may set cookies on your computer once you click on the YouTube video player, but YouTube will not store personally-identifiable cookie information for playbacks of embedded videos using the privacy-enhanced mode.
To find out more watch YouTube’s video about Privacy with videos
Vimeo cookiesWe embed videos from Vimeo. This mode may set cookies on your computer once you click on the Vimeo video player.
To find out more visit Vimeo’s privacy policy
Facebook cookiesWe embed feeds from Facebook. You can remove or block cookies using the settings in your browser, but in some cases, this may impact your ability to use Facebook.
To find out more visit Facebook’s Cookie policy
Links to other websitesOur website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Vincent Dance Theatre may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from April 2018.
Refund policyIf you are not completely satisfied with your purchase from Vincent Dance Theatre’s online shop, you can return it to us (at your cost) within 30 days of despatch in its original condition and we will refund the product price less our postage costs. If the goods you received were faulty or damaged we will also refund the postage costs.
Your rights to return goods are protected under the EU Distance Selling Directive which can be found at http://www.hmso.gov.uk/si/si2000/20002334.htm
This website© 2018, Vincent Dance Theatre. All rights reserved.
Website: HdK
menu
About us
The Company
Opportunities
FAQs
Productions
Special Projects
Participation
Calendar
Archive
Press
Articles & Writing
Press Reviews
Promoters
Mailing list sign up
Tweets by @VincentDT
Tweets by VincentDT
Instagram
Search
Search for: