http://www.storiesville.com/index.php?view=document&tp=termsofuse
Log in
Sign up
TERMS OF USE
The following terms and conditions govern all use of the Storiesville website and all content, services and products available at or through the website. The Website is offered subject to your acceptance without modification of all of the terms and conditions contained herein and all other operating rules, policies (including, without limitation, Storiesville's Privacy Policy) and procedures that may be published from time to time on this website (collectively, the “Agreement”).
Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using the Website. By accessing or using any part of the web site, you agree to become bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the Website or use any services. The Website is available only to individuals who are at least 13 years old.
This Agreement (which we adapted from a policy originally provided by Automattic) is made available under the Creative Commons Sharealike license.
Your Storiesville Account and Site.
If you create an account on the Website, you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection with your account and your storyboard(s). You must not describe or assign keywords to your profile and storyboard(s) in a misleading or unlawful manner, including in a manner intended to trade on the name or reputation of others, and Storiesville may change or remove any description or keyword that it considers inappropriate or unlawful, or otherwise likely to cause Storiesville liability. You must immediately notify Storiesville of any unauthorized uses of your storyboard, your account or any other breaches of security. Storiesville will not be liable for any acts or omissions by You, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.
Responsibility of Contributors.
If you operate a storyboard, comment on a storyboard, post material to the Website, post links on the Website, or otherwise make (or allow any third party to make) material available by means of the Website (any such material, “Content”), You are entirely responsible for the content of, and any harm resulting from, that Content. By making Content available, you represent and warrant that:
the downloading, copying and use of the Content will not infringe the proprietary rights, including but not limited to the copyright, patent, trademark or trade secret rights, of any third party;
if your employer has rights to intellectual property you create, you have either (i) received permission from your employer to post or make available the Content, including but not limited to any software, or (ii) secured from your employer a waiver as to all rights in or to the Content;
you have fully complied with any third-party licenses relating to the Content, and have done all things necessary to successfully pass through to end users any required terms;
the Content does not contain or install any viruses, worms, malware, Trojan horses or other harmful or destructive content;
the Content is not spam, is not machine- or randomly-generated, and does not contain unethical or unwanted commercial content designed to drive traffic to third party sites or boost the search engine rankings of third party sites, or to further unlawful acts (such as phishing) or mislead recipients as to the source of the material (such as spoofing);
the Content is not pornographic, does not contain threats or incite violence towards individuals or entities, and does not violate the privacy or publicity rights of any third party;
your storyboard is not getting advertised via unwanted electronic messages such as spam links on newsgroups, email lists, other storyboards and web sites, and similar unsolicited promotional methods;
your storyboard is not named in a manner that misleads your readers into thinking that you are another person or company. For example, your storyboard’s URL or name is not the name of a person other than yourself or company other than your own; and
By submitting Content to Storiesville, you grant Storiesville a world-wide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to reproduce, modify, adapt and publish the Content solely for the purpose of displaying, distributing and promoting your Content.
We do not claim any ownership in any of the Content that you submitted. We will not use any of your content for any purpose except to provide you with the Service.
If you delete Content, Storiesville will use reasonable efforts to remove it from the Website, but you acknowledge that caching or references to the Content may not be made immediately unavailable.
Without limiting any of those representations or warranties, Storiesville has the right (though not the obligation) to, in Storiesville's sole discretion (i) refuse or remove any content that, in Storiesville\’s reasonable opinion, violates any Storiesville policy or is in any way harmful or objectionable, or (ii) terminate or deny access to and use of the Website to any individual or entity for any reason, in Storiesville's sole discretion.
Responsibility of Website Visitors.
Storiesville has not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material posted to the Website, and cannot therefore be responsible for that material’s content, use or effects. By operating the Website, Storiesville does not represent or imply that it endorses the material there posted, or that it believes such material to be accurate, useful or non-harmful. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. The Website may contain content that is offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable, as well as content containing technical inaccuracies, typographical mistakes, and other errors. The Website may also contain material that violates the privacy or publicity rights, or infringes the intellectual property and other proprietary rights, of third parties, or the downloading, copying or use of which is subject to additional terms and conditions, stated or unstated. Storiesville disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from the use by visitors of the Website, or from any downloading by those visitors of content there posted.
Content Posted on Other Websites.
We have not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, made available through the websites and webpages to which Storiesville links, and that link to Storiesville. Storiesville does not have any control over those non-Storiesville websites and webpages, and is not responsible for their contents or their use. By linking to a non-Storiesville website or webpage, Storiesville does not represent or imply that it endorses such website or webpage. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. Storiesville disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from your use of non-Storiesville websites and webpages.
Copyright Infringement and DMCA Policy.
As Storiesville asks others to respect its intellectual property rights, it respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that material located on or linked to by Storiesville violates your copyright, you are encouraged to notify Storiesville in accordance with Storiesville’s Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) Policy. Storiesville will respond to all such notices, including as required or appropriate by removing the infringing material or disabling all links to the infringing material. Storiesville will terminate a visitor’s access to and use of the Website if, under appropriate circumstances, the visitor is determined to be a repeat infringer of the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of Storiesville or others.
Intellectual Property.
This Agreement does not transfer from Storiesville to you any Storiesville or third party intellectual property, and all right, title and interest in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with Storiesville. All trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with Storiesville are trademarks or registered trademarks of Storiesville or Storiesville’s licensors. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Website may be the trademarks of other third parties. Your use of the Website grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any Storiesville or third-party trademarks.
Advertisements.
Storiesville reserves the right to display advertisements on your storyboard.
Changes of Term of Use.
Storiesville reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any part of this Agreement. It is your responsibility to check this Agreement periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the Website following the posting of any changes to this Agreement constitutes acceptance of those changes. Storiesville may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the Website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Termination.
Storiesville may terminate your access to all or any part of the Website at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately. If you wish to terminate this Agreement or your Storiesville account (if you have one), you may simply discontinue using the Website. All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Disclaimer of Warranties.
The Website is provided “as is”. Storiesville and its suppliers and licensors hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Neither Storiesville nor its suppliers and licensors, makes any warranty that the Website will be error free or that access thereto will be continuous or uninterrupted. You understand that you download from, or otherwise obtain content or services through, the Website at your own discretion and risk.
Limitation of Liability.
In no event will Storiesville, or its suppliers or licensors, be liable with respect to any subject matter of this agreement under any contract, negligence, strict liability or other legal or equitable theory for: (i) any special, incidental or consequential damages; (ii) the cost of procurement for substitute products or services; or (iii) for interruption of use or loss or corruption of data. Storiesville shall have no liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond their reasonable control. The foregoing shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law.
General Representation and Warranty.
You represent and warrant that (i) your use of the Website will be in strict accordance with the Storiesville Privacy Policy, with this Agreement and with all applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation any local laws or regulations in your country, state, city, or other governmental area, regarding online conduct and acceptable content, and including all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside) and (ii) your use of the Website will not infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of any third party.
Indemnification.
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Storiesville, its contractors, and its licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising out of your use of the Website, including but not limited to your violation of this Agreement.
Miscellaneous.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Storiesville and you concerning the subject matter hereof, and they may only be modified by a written amendment signed by an authorized executive of Storiesville, or by the posting by Storiesville of a revised version. Except to the extent applicable law, if any, provides otherwise, this Agreement, any access to or use of the Website will be governed by the laws of the state of Virginia, U.S.A., excluding its conflict of law provisions, and the proper venue for any disputes arising out of or relating to any of the same will be the state and federal courts located in Virginia. Except for claims for injunctive or equitable relief or claims regarding intellectual property rights (which may be brought in any competent court without the posting of a bond), any dispute arising under this Agreement shall be finally settled in accordance with the Comprehensive Arbitration Rules of the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Service, Inc. (“JAMS”) by three arbitrators appointed in accordance with such Rules. The arbitration shall take place in Virginia, in the English language and the arbitral decision may be enforced in any court. The prevailing party in any action or proceeding to enforce this Agreement shall be entitled to costs and attorneys’ fees. If any part of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed to reflect the parties’ original intent, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect. A waiver by either party of any term or condition of this Agreement or any breach thereof, in any one instance, will not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof. You may assign your rights under this Agreement to any party that consents to, and agrees to be bound by, its terms and conditions; Storiesville may assign its rights under this Agreement without condition. This Agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.
Copyright 2020 LEETHM, LLC. All rights reserved.
Terms of use
Privacy policy
Log in.Email:Password:Remember meForgot your password?
Cancel
Login with Google
Login with FacebookOrNo Account?
Sign up now