http://www.eckersley.co.uk/privacy
Home » Privacy Policy
About this policy
This policy explains what types of personal information will be gathered when you visit our website, and how this information will be used.
Information collected
On some parts of the website, you may be asked to provide some personal information in order to enable the provision of certain services. We may store this information manually or electronically. By supplying this information you are consenting to us holding and using it for the purposes for which it was provided. Information provided will be kept for as long as is necessary to fulfil that purpose.
We may also collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our webmasters. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns which does not identify any individual and allows us to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
How the information collected is used
Personal information provided to us by you will only be used for the purposes stated when the information is requested. Personal information will not be sold to third parties, or provided to direct marketing companies or other such organisations without your permission. Personal information collected and/or processed by us is held in accordance with the provisions of the Data Protection Act 1998.
Demographical and statistical information about user behaviour may be collected and used to analyse the popularity and effectiveness of our website. Any disclosure of this information will be in aggregate form and will not identify individual users.
How we store information collected
Information which you provide to us will ordinarily be stored on our servers.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties if we are under a duty to disclose or share such information in order to comply with any legal obligation.
How we use “cookies”
Most of our web pages use “cookies”. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we place on your computer or mobile device if you agree. These cookies allow us to distinguish you from other users of our website, which helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allow us to improve our website.
Access to information
The Data Protection Act 1998 gives you the right to access information held about you. For further information about this right please contact us.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any changes we may make to our Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email.
Studying Here
The Octorial Programme
The Essential Programme
The Enhanced Programme
IELTS Exam Preparation Programme
Cambridge Exam Preparation Programme
The Oxford Semester Programme
One-To-One Lessons
Online
Professional English (1:1)
Academic English (1:1)
The Experience
Staying in Oxford
Arrival and departure
Cultural programme
Our History
School Life
Photo Gallery
Brochure
Contact us
Course Enquiry
Course enrolment
Teaching for Us
Blog