http://www.funkconspiracy.com/privacy
07854 904 096
CONTACT US »
MENU
HomeListenRepertoireTestimonialsPhotosBooking OptionsWhy Choose Us?Contact Us
FAQArticlesChristmas BandVenuesHistoryLinks
LATEST NEWS
Next Live Showcase
Check our facebook page for more info
News Archive »
Clients like you said:
“Thank you so so much for playing at our wedding and making it a night we'll never forget. You guys were amazing and all of our guests have commented on how fantastic you were. You even got the groom up dancing and that rarely happens. We would highly recommend Funk Conspiracy - absolutely awesome band!”Samantha and David Clappison, South Causey Inn,Sept 2014.
By using this site, you consent to the terms of our privacy policyfor the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information for the purposes set out below. We do not collect, use or disclose your personal information for any purpose other than those identified below, except with your consent or as required by law.
1. Who we are
In this Privacy Policy references to "we" and "us" and "our" are to Funk Conspiracy. “Site” means the Funk Conspiracy website at www.funkconspiracy.com.
2. What information we collect and how
The information we collect via this website may include:
(1) Personal information, such as your name, personal postal and email address, or personal telephone number. This information is collected only when you voluntarily provide it.
(2) Each time a visitor comes to this website, our web server collects and logs certain information. These access logs are kept for a reasonable period of time. These logs include, but are not restricted to your machine’s TCP/IP address, your username (if applicable), date, time and files accessed. These logs also contain information about ‘referrer’ information if you clicked on an external link to a Funk Conspiracy webpage. These logs are used solely for performance, site administration and security reviews. They are not sold or shared in any way to third party organizations. The site also uses cookies relating to Google products.
(3) Your preferences and use of email updates, recorded by emails we send you (if you select to receive email updates on products and offers).
(4) Portions of the Funk Conspiracy website may use cookies only for security and authentication purposes. Session information stored in cookies does not include any personal information and is used to ensure the correct data is extracted from the database when using our interactive systems. This information is not shared or sold to third party organizations for any purpose.
3. What we do with your information
Any personal information we collect from this website will be used in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and other applicable laws. Your information will not be sold, freely given away or distributed in any form to any third party.
4. Your rights
(1) You can ask us to update or remove your personal information by
contacting us via this website or by writing to us at our customer services address in (2) below.
(2) You also have the right to request a copy of any personal information we hold about you. To do this, simply contact us
5. Policy Revisions
Any changes to the association’s privacy policy will be promptly communicated on this website. Policy changes will not alter how we handle previously submitted personal information. If you have any questions about our privacy policies or wish to update any of the personal information you have provided to us, contact us
site map  |
privacy policy  |
contact
© 2020 Funk Conspiracy, all rights reserved.