http://www.christianguitar.org/privacy.php
password
username
Thanks for visiting CGR. Remember to login or register to get complete access to our site. It's FREE and will greatly reduce the number of ads that you see.
Enter your search terms
Submit search form
Web
www.christianguitar.org
Guitar Tabs
Bass Tabs
Praise Tabs
Christmas Tabs
Your Favorites
Submit a Tab
Requests
Top Tabbers
Most Popular
Artist Database
Comparisions
Interviews
Pictures
CD Reviews
Upcoming Releases
Concert Info
Guitar Lessons
Chords
join now, it's free!
home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement for Christian Guitar Resources
Christian Guitar Resources has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: Christian Guitar Resources
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site.
Third Party Advertising
We use Google, Tribal Fusion, ValueClick, Azoogle, Kontera and other third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here
Third Party Cookies
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser.
Personal Information
This Web site does not request any personal information or collect any information that personally identifies you or allows you to be personally contacted. Since we do not collect any personal information on this Web site, we do not share any personal information with any third parties nor do we use any personal information for any purposes.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. Christian Guitar Resources is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Public Forums
This site makes message boards available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us by clicking here.
Complimentary Christian Ringtones
Dadamobile and CGR have teamed up to bring your favorite Christian artists right to your phone.
Sign up today and get 10 complementary ringtones!
Tab Country
Did you know CGR has a sister site w/ country guitar tabs?
Well we do!
Its called Tab Country.
It has a great archive with a lot of country tabs.
Rockin Tabs
Are you looking for a site that has rock guitar tabs?
Then Rockintabs.com is the place for you.
It is a budding site with many rock guitar tabs.
Submit your tab today.
Tab Gallery
Tab Gallery has a compilation of christian, rock, and country tabs all in one place.
Come visit us.
Subscribe and stay up to date
Site Stats
Top Posters
Top Tabbers
There are currently 136 users (17 members and 119 guests) on the site.
As of February 14th, 2016 we have 14,760 tabs, which have been viewed 71,115,274 times.
User# of posts1mYdEePeStDrEaM14126Strings21Frets1173mulletman11144of5Rocker1045Cam421036DecomposingChipmunk697ithomas1600648Art579DaGeek5610Sean.thomson53
User# of tabs1JTornado42Maylene23JPena1568914Dabida15rhp92k16SCHUTZHUND9817hapa_angel18david_s_barlow194given1110guitar_girl_sg1
sponsor
January 8th, 2009Big Updates...so we will be upgrading to vb 3.8 late tonight......finally.
there should be a lot more features for people...October 24th, 2008Apologize for the downtimesorry about the downtime.
it seems we had a traffic spike late at night that caused the mysql connections...September 13th, 2008New Features and Thoughtsi just wanted everyone to know that we will be upgrading to vb 3.7.3 next week.
this means that...September 2nd, 2008Keeping Me On My Toessorry about the downtime overnight.
what happened was you all filled up one of our hard drives, so we...
Complete News Archive
legal notice privacy statement about us media kit
feel free to contact us if you have any questions. Copyright 2007, all rights reserved