https://www.eng4intl.com/gdpr-policy/
GDPR PolicyHome GDPR Policy
English for Internationals, Inc. and/or its associates, related parties, successors and assigns (collectively hereinafter referred to as “Provider”, “us”, “we” or “our” has created this policy (here in after referred as “Privacy Policy”) in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to the privacy of your (collectively hereinafter referred to as “Visitor”, “you” and “your”) personal information like name, address, email address and phone number, financial and credit card information, educational background, and nation of citizenship. (hereinafter referred to as “Personal Information”). The provisions set out in this Privacy Policy describe our policies regarding the collection, use, processing and dissemination of personal information submitted by you to us. This Privacy Policy has been prepared to confirm and illustrate our commitment towards the protection of Personal Information, submitted by the Visitor to us through our Website (http://www.eng4intl.com/).
ACCEPTANCE OF POLICY
By providing Provider with Visitor’s personal information in any way, Visitor agrees to be bound by this Privacy Policy.
If Visitors are accessing or using our Website, please be aware that the Website may contain links to websites of third parties. By clicking on such links, Visitor may be transferred to the website of the third party. The Provider is not responsible in any way for the privacy practices of such third parties and the Visitors are advised to view and read the privacy statements issued by the third parties to ensure that the Visitor understand and agree to the same.
COLLECTION OF DATA
We may collect personally identifiable information about you as your name, phone number, address, and email address, when you request additional information about our programs.
Visitor’s privacy and security is of utmost importance to the Provider. The Provider will always follow the principles of this Privacy Policy and ask the Visitor how the Visitor would like the Provider to communicate with the Visitor in order to use of services provided through the Website.
In order to request information on our programs or to apply for our programs, you will be required to provide certain information, including any information which may be used to personally identify the Visitor (“Personal Information”), in the applicable contact form as part of Visitor’s Registration Data. Personal Information includes Visitor name, address, phone number(s) and email address and any other information which may, or may lead to, the disclosure of the Visitor’s identity as an individual. Only information which is needed to process an application or properly respond to your inquiries will be stored.
Before submitting information on the Admissions page, thoroughly review this Privacy Policy. Your express consent will be obtained before any of your personal information is processed. By clicking on the “consenting to the release of information”, you are acknowledging that you have reviewed this Privacy Policy before submitting any information. We will only use your information in accordance your instructions and as set out in this Privacy Policy.
Other Communications: The Visitor may also be required to provide Personal Information to the Provider when the Visitor communicates with the Provider in any other way, including when you:
request for further information on our services.
request for any advice or assistance in relation to the services
report a problem or contact us by way of email, telephone call, fax message, letter or through any other means of communication.
USE OF DATA
Any Personal Information submitted to us, together with any other information, material or content you have provided (collectively hereinafter referred to as, “Data”) shall only be used for the purposes to which they were submitted or required, and, subject to Section 6.3.
Unless you inform us otherwise in accordance with Section 6.3, we may also use your Data to communicate with you (“Communications”):
by sending you notices regarding updates, changes or additions to our services or regarding any promotions which may be of interest to you;
by inviting you to participate in our surveys;
by requesting for your views on our customer support; or
by responding to your requests.
DISSEMINATION OF DATA OR SHARING OF DATA
Be assured that we will never sell your Data to any third parties for commercial gain. Any personally identifiable information you elect to make publicly available on our Website, such as posting comments will be available to others. If you remove information that you have made public on our Website, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if other visitor have copied or saved that information. You will need to contact us, if you want the Personal Information that was posted to the comments section removed.
We may share aggregate, non-personally identifiable information, such as demographics and Website usage statistics, with advertisers, sponsors and other organisations.
We may also be required to disclose your Data in the following circumstances:
to comply with a legal process;
to enforce the general T&C, this Privacy Policy or any other agreements executed with you or any related entity
where applicable, to credit reference agencies, where your Data may be used by other credit grantors for the purposes of:
making credit decisions about you; and
fraud or money laundering prevention.
Accordingly, your Data will be disclosed where we are obliged or permitted by law to do so. If you post or send offensive or objectionable content to us or otherwise engage in any disruptive behavior in respect of Website, we can use whatever Data that is available to us about you to stop such behavior. This may involve informing relevant third parties such as law enforcement agencies about the content and your behavior.
STORAGE AND PROCESSING AND PROTECTION OF INFORMATION
Personal Information may be stored and processed in the United States or in any other country in which we or our affiliates or service providers maintain facilities. We may transfer information that we collect about you, including Personal Information, to affiliated entities or to the other parties across borders. We assure that we would comply by General Data Protection Regulation for protection and safety of data.
We are concerned with protecting your Data, but we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit may not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of any of our industry standard physical, technical or managerial safeguards.
In the event of a data breach, you will be notified as soon as reasonably possible.
CONSENT AND OPTING-OUT
By submitting or providing your Data to us, you expressly acknowledge, consent and agree to:
our use or processing, or the disclosure to, or use or processing by, Authorised Representatives, of your Data, including any Personal Information contained in your Data, for the purposes described in Clauses 3.1 and 3.2;
subject to Clause 6.3, the use or processing of your Data, including any Personal Information contained in your Data, for the purpose of sending you any Communications; and
subject to Clause 6.3, the use or processing by our Business Partners of your Data, including any Personal Information contained in your Data, for the purpose of sending you Business Partner Communications.
We follow strict security procedures to ensure that your Data is protected and that it is not damaged or destroyed. All Data is kept in a secure place with restricted physical or electronic access, and with confidentially preserved. Only the senior management team of the Provider is permitted access to the Data. Notwithstanding the aforesaid, you expressly acknowledge and agree:
that the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. We will do our best to protect your Data but we are unable to guarantee the security of your Data submitted or provided through or in connection with our Website, and accordingly, any submission or provision of Data is made at your own risk; and
You may inform us by way of email sent to khills@eng4intl.com if you wish to exercise your right to opt out of receiving any Communications from us or Business Partner Communications from our business partners. If you do opt out, this may preclude you from receiving any of our special offers or promotion, whether offered by us or by any business partners in future.
ACCESS, CORRECTION AND DELETION
In case you wish to access or amend any other Personal Data that you may have provided through your use of the Services and if you wish to access or amend any other Personal Data, you may contact us khills@eng4intl.com.
If you choose to withdrawal your consent for us to store your Personal Data, please send an email to khills@eng4intl.com, advising us that you withdrawal said consent.
Regardless of whether you withdrawal consent for us to process and store your Personal Data, once we no longer need your Personal Data, it will be deleted.
DATA CONTROLLER AND DATA PROCESSOR
Provider does not own, control or direct the use of any of the Data stored or processed by the Visitor. Only Visitor is entitled to access, retrieve and direct the use of such Data. We do not direct or determine the use of any Data or Personal Information of the Visitors. Visitor is the data controller and thereby controls the manner in which such Personal Data is collected and used as well as the determination of the purposes and means of the processing of such Personal Data.
INFORMATION REQUESTS
Unless the Personal Information relates to an individual which you are legally responsible for (such as a minor), you may not give us Personal Information about any other person. If you do so, you confirm that they have appointed you to act on behalf of them, to consent to the processing of their Personal Information, including sensitive personal data, to the transfer of their Personal Information abroad and to receive on their behalf any Communications from us or any Business Partner Communications from our business partners.
COOKIES
If you use our Website, our computer server may automatically send you a cookie. A cookie is a small ‘log-file’ that can be placed on your computer’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes and we may use them to do a number of things:
cookies help us to recognize you when you next use our Website and note the advertisements displayed to you. This allows us to tailor the promotions we provide to your preferences. We may use the services of third party servers for this purpose;
cookies may be used to compile anonymous statistics related to the take up or use of services, or to patterns of browsing. A third party may collect such data on our behalf to measure the performance of Website. Information collected is aggregated for reporting purposes, and no personally identifiable information is collected by this service. The use of this service assists us in measuring and improving the structure
and ease of use of Website;
we may also track IP addresses. An IP Address is a number that can identify an Internet Service Provider, country location etc. It cannot provide personal information. We will not use the IP Address to build a profile on Visitors; we only use the information for demographic and statistical purposes.
It is also possible that others may download cookies to your Website when you access, visit or use the Website.
MODIFICATION OF PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy may be modified from time to time as a result of any changes in the law, best practice and/or in the Website without notice to you. The most current version of this Privacy Policy as posted on this page shall supersede all previous versions.
It is your responsibility to check regularly to determine whether a new version of the Privacy Policy has been uploaded.
QUESTIONS
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the privacy practices of the Provider, or your dealings with the Provider in respect of Personal Information, you can email at khills@eng4intl.com.
0