http://www.bbtrumpet.com/shop/privacy-policy/
Skip to contentLast modified: Dec. 28, 2012This Privacy Policy Agreement contains the following provisions:Information Collected: Describes the information collectedHow We Use Your Information: Describes how collected information is usedHow We Protect Your Information: Explains how the information is protectedThird Party Advertising: How third party ads may be delivered and what information may be collectedAccessing and Updating Your Personal Information and Preferences: Provides information on access to the web account fileEmail Choice/Opt-out: How to opt out of emailsChildren’s Privacy and Parental Controls: If and how the site may be used by minorsDisclaimer to Security: Explains that transmission of data may not be secure.We collect information to provide better services to all of our users – from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, what country you are from, to more complex things like which pages you’ll find most useful or the search words that you use most.We collect information via Google Analytics:Only the website owner and administrator ever sees this information.The information we get includes the words that you used in a search to arrive here. We also get the url of the page that sent you to this site. The system tracks how long you are on the site and how many pages you go to.This is done to analize the efficency of the site and to evaluate if we are providing you with the pages and the navigation that gives you the best experience.Your infomation is not kept. The system only keeps a running total. X amount of people from the US, X amount from Canada…
I do not get any personal infomation.There are no 3rd party ads on this site.This site has no email list and does no mass mailings. If you ever feel that we contacted you by error then email abuse@bbtrumpet.comAlthough this site is aimed towards the more advanced musician we realize that children do often use the web. Therefore we never allow anything to be put on this site that is not child friendly. There are no offensive posts, pictures or cartoons ever on this site.When you click on an ejunkie or paypal link then you may be asked for info regarding your paypal account. This is to complete a purchase transaction. You have total freedom to stop this by quitting at any time. I use paypal because they have proven to have excellent security measures. These are much better than I could put inplace by myself. However; the net is never completely safe and we all need to be careful.Cookies and anonymous identifiersYou may also set your browser to block all cookies, including cookies associated with our services, or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us. However, it’s important to remember that many of our services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled.We do not share personal information with companies, organizations and individuals.Clint McLaughlinProduct categoriesTip Jar (2)Trumpet in French, Italian and Spanish (3)Where to start (3)Lessons (0)Long Skype Lessons (0)Web cam (Skype) lesson (0)eBooks (25)Trumpet eBook Sets (5)Trumpet (19)Trumpet instructional (11)Trumpet practice music (7)Trumpet music Instructional (1)Trumpet equipment (1)Trombone (1)Video courses (10)Video - Improv (1)Video - trumpet instructional (9)Video - music instructional (2)Audio courses (7)Other eBooks (8)Other instructional (5)Other relationship (3)