http://www.solarradio.com/privacy-policy/
¬†
Top Menu SWEET RHYTHMS CHART #SWC
SOUL ENERGY HOUSE CHART #SEHC
Navigation
Home
Main MenuHOME
DJs & SHOWS
VIDEOS
SHOP
ABOUT
SCHEDULE
Sunday
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Saturday
CONTACT
Return to Content
Summary:
We respect your privacy. We do not sell or share our customer list. All inquiries are kept confidential, as is all information you may share with us about yourself. We will obtain your permission in advance before we forward any information about you to third parties. There are inherent dangers in the use of any software or content found on the Internet, and we caution you to make sure that you completely understand the risks before retrieving any software or content on the Internet. Please Note: Unless specifically noted by each link, Solar Radio may have no direct affiliation with the web sites linked to, though we believe these sites to be run by reputable companies and to contain accurate and useful information. However, the software, links and content found on these sites is not under our control and therefore we cannot make any representations regarding the quality, safety or suitability of this material. The content on this site is protected under copyright law. If you would like to cite any of this information or re-use it for any purpose other than originally intended, we will welcome your request for permission, or help you seek permission for content we do not own, upon receiving a written inquiry. Clearance to use this content would be subject to acknowledgement of the source.
Legal:
Upon notice published on solarradio.com, we reserve the right to modify the Terms and Conditions or the Acceptable Use Guidelines, amplify them, and/or modify the prices of our content and services, as well as discontinue or change the content and services offered. Continued use of the content and services of solarradio.com following such notification will be deemed acceptance of the modification.
By using this site, or information linked from this site, you understand that Solar Radio cannot and does not guarantee or warrant that files available for downloading through the Service will be free of infection or viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other code that manifest contaminating or destructive properties. You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints to satisfy your particular requirements for accuracy of data input and output, and for maintaining a means external to the Service for the reconstruction of any lost data. You assume total responsibility and risk for use of the service and the Internet. Solar Radio does not make any express or implied warranties, representations or endorsements whatsoever (including without limitation warranties of title or non-infringement, or the implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose) with regard to the service, any merchandise, information or service provided through the service or on the Internet generally, and Solar Radio shall not be liable for any cost or damage arising either directly or indirectly from any such transaction. It is solely your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, completeness and usefulness of all opinions, advice, services, merchandise and other information provided through the Service or on the Internet generally. Solar Radio does not warrant that the content or service will be uninterrupted or error-free or that defects in the content or service will be corrected. The Service and the software are provided on an “as is, as available” basis.
In no event shall solar radio be liable for any indirect, incidental, punitive or other consequential damages (including, without limitation, lost profits) arising out of or in relation to this agreement or your use of or your inability to use solar radio’s content or services. solar radio’s entire liability and your exclusive remedy shall be at solar radio’s option. either return of the fees paid for any content or services, or replacement of content and services to your satisfaction. however, some jurisdictions may not allow a limitation on liability for negligence that causes death or personal injury, and Solar Radio limits its liability in such jurisdiction only to the degree allowed by the applicable laws.
You may not use Solar Radio’s content or services for illegal purposes, or in support of illegal activities. Solar Radio reserves the right to cooperate with legal authorities and/or injured third parties in the investigation of any suspected crime or civil wrong
Activities which are prohibited as potentially illegal include, but are not limited to:
Unauthorised copying of copyrighted materials including, but not limited to, digitisation and distribution of content available on or from Solar Radio.
Posting or transmitting charity requests, petitions for signatures, chain letters or letters relating to pyramid schemes. Posting or transmitting any advertising, promotional materials or any other solicitation of other users of the Service for goods for services except in those areas (e.g., a classified bulletin board) that are designated for such purposes.
Threatening bodily harm or property damage to individuals or groups.
Making fraudulent offers of products, items, or services originating from Solar Radio or its affiliate’s accounts.
Attempting to access the accounts of others set up on Solar Radio, or attempting to penetrate beyond security measures of our or other systems (referred to as hacking) whether or not the intrusion results in corruption or loss of data.
Posting or listing articles which are off-topic according to the description of the group or list or send unsolicited mass e-mailings to more than twenty-five (25) e-mail users, if such unsolicited mailings provoke complaints from any of the recipients.
Forging any message header, in part or whole, of any electronic transmission, originating or passing through Solar Radio services.
Distributing viruses to or from Solar Radio systems.
Disrupting any Solar Radio newsgroup, chat room or discussion group with frivolous, excessively vulgar or repetitious postings.
Posting or transmitting any message anonymously or under a false name.
Posting or transmitting any message which is libellous, defamatory or which discloses private or personal matters concerning any person.
Posting or transmitting any message, data, image or program which is indecent, obscene or pornographic.
Interfering with other users’ use of the Service.
Posting or transmitting any message which is harmful, threatening, abusive or hateful. It is not the Service’s intent to discourage you from taking controversial positions or expressing vigorously what may be unpopular views; however, Solar Radio reserves the right to take such action as it deems appropriate in cases where the Service is used to disseminate statements which are deeply and widely offensive and/or harmful.
On-Line Credit Card Security
The purchase area of our site is secure; this means that we utilise industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to allow for the encryption of potentially sensitive information such as your name, address and other critically sensitive information like your credit card details.
Information passed between your computer and our Web site cannot be read in the unlikely event it is intercepted.
What information do we collect? How do we use it?
When you order, we need to know your name, e-mail address, delivery address, credit or debit card number and expiry date. This allows us to process and fulfil your orders and to notify you of your order status.
We also ask for your telephone number which enables us to contact you urgently if there is a problem with your order. For some international deliveries this number may be given to our couriers.
We may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about important functionality changes to the Web site, new services and special offers we think you might find useful. If you would rather not receive this information, please send an e-mail to info@solarradio.com.
Make sure to change your preference for each account or e-mail address you have left with us.
How do we protect customer information?
When you place orders or access your account information, we offer the use of a secure server. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us.
Furthermore, as required by the UK Data Protection Acts of 1984 and 1998, we follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of information which you have given us, to prevent unauthorised access.
Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we are able to disclose sensitive information to you.
What about “cookies”?
“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information, but they do enable us to provide features such as quick shopping and to store items in your shopping basket between visits. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that. Even without a cookie, you can still use most of the features in our store, including placing items in your shopping basket and purchasing them.
Will Solar Radio disclose the information it collects to outside parties?
Solar Radio does not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others.
Privacy Policy:
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect on the site to make shopping at solarradio.com possible and to enhance your overall shopping experience.
Your Consent:
By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Solar Radio. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Customer orders and refunds:
If you are dissatisfied with goods ordered then refunds will be given at the discretion of Company management.
Please email us at info@solarradio.com with details and we will contact you to discuss the matter.
Tell Us What You Think:
Solar Radio welcomes your questions and comments about privacy. Please send e-mail to info@solarradio.com
Trading As:
Solar Radio is the trading name of Solar Broadcasting Ltd, Registered in England Number: 03747949