http://www.hatstandopera.co.uk/privacy-cookie-policy/
Skip to content
At Hatstand Opera, we take Data Privacy seriously. We have assessed the requirements of the GDPR using the guidance provided by the Information Commissioners Office website. We are in the process of updating our working practices including data storage and security, processes, and policies where required.
WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY
1. What this policy covers
This Privacy Policy gives details of:
• The sort of personal information we collect via our website
• How we collect information and how we use it
• Who we share personal information with
• How we keep your personal information secure
• Your rights over your personal data
2. Who we are
In this policy, “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Hatstand Opera, a UK bespoke opera company based at 12 Chiltern Avenue, Farnborough, Hants, GU14 9SE. We are the Data Controller, which means we are responsible for deciding how we use personal data.
3. What sort of personal information we collect
On our website, www.hatstandopera.co.uk, we only collect the bare minimum of information to enable us to contact you and to provide the services you want us to provide.
This information will usually include:
• Your title and full name
• Your contact details including telephone numbers, email and street addresses
We will store and process this information for the purposes of contacting you, and for any work you may ask us to do for you such as a charity opera performance or a private party. The GDPR legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, for the efficient and effective administration of our business.
4. How we collect your data on this website
• Contact Us/Enquiry Forms
We collect personal data through this website only when you complete any of our enquiry forms. When you complete and Submit any enquiry form on our website, you consent to the data in that form being used for the purposes and legal basis stated above. Information from enquiry forms will NOT be used for marketing purposes.
• Mailing Lists and Information “Sign-Up” Forms
In the past, and at present, we have provided two ways to sign up to our mailing list:
• Physical forms
• Email forms
Your explicit consent is required in both formats.
On this website, we may introduce an electronic sign-up form for regular emails, newsletters, etc, at a future date. All methods have and will ask for your clear, explicit consent to be sent marketing information, in line with GDPR.
Information submitted via these sign-up forms may be processed for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling relevant goods and/or services to you, including details of HSO performances near you. The legal basis for this processing is consent.
• Cookies
We also collect data to enable you to enjoy a better experience of our website. This includes the use of cookies. We do not use any information acquired from cookies or any collected IP addresses to identify any individual user of our website. For more details see our Cookie Policy, below.
4. How we’ll use your information
The personal information we collect via this website will be used to:
• Contact you in response to your enquiry
• Confirm your identity and contact details
• Provide you with our services
• Administer and manage your account
• Enable ongoing contracted work
• Send newsletter and marketing information (via sign-up forms only, when your clear, explicit consent is given)
5. Sharing of personal information
We never share personal information collected with any third parties.
6. Storage of your personal data
We only store data for as long as we need it, such as providing you with our performance services and managing your account. We take appropriate measures to secure your personal data and to prevent its loss, misuse or alteration.
7. Your data rights under data protection law / GDPR
You have a number of rights relating to your personal data submitted through this website. You can:
• See what information we hold
• Ask us to update incorrect or incomplete details
• Object to or restrict processing of your information
• Transfer your information (“data portability”)
• Ask us to erase your information
8. Third party websites
Our website and blogs may include mentions and links to third party websites. These may include payment gateway websites where you can buy tickets online. We have no control over and take no responsibility for the privacy policies and practices of these websites.
9. Website hosting
Our website is hosted with Heart Internet, a well-respected UK hosting company. Click for details of their privacy policy.
10. Contact us
If you have any questions about this website privacy policy, please do not hesitate to contact us.
COOKIE POLICY
1. What this policy covers
This Cookie Policy covers the use of cookies to improve your experience of using our website, www.hatstandopera.co.uk.
2. What are cookies?
Cookies are harmless text files that may be downloaded to your computer or device when you visit a website. Cookies help improve your experience of using that website. By accessing your cookies, these websites can remember your online preferences. Some cookies are automatically deleted when you close your browser after viewing a website. Other cookies may be stored on your computer for a set period of time.
3. How we use cookies
This website uses cookies to improve your browsing experience, and to provide social media features. Our website only uses this cookie information to enable website functionality and provide a better website experience.
We may also collect data on how you use our website via Google Analytics, which gathers information about your website use through cookies. The information gathered is used to create reports about your use of our website. We do not use any information acquired via Google Analytics to identify any individual user of our website. Google’s privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
4. Agreeing to cookies
When you first visit our website, you may be asked to agree to cookies. If you agree, when you come back to our website, the cookie helps the website remember your preferences. You do not need to agree to the use of cookies to use our website, but it may not work quite as well if you decide not to.
5. Agreeing to and deleting cookies
Your web browser may already automatically accept cookies. If you do not want to agree to cookies, you will need to change your browser settings.
You’ll find browser-specific instructions here at AboutCookies.org
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/stop-cookies-installed.html
You can delete cookies from your computer or mobile device at any time – instructions are here:
https://www.aboutcookies.org/how-to-delete-cookies
If you wish to opt out from your data being collected by Google Analytics on any website, (not just ours), visit the Google Analytics opt-out page and install the add-on for your specific browser.
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
6. Contact us
If you have any questions about this website cookie policy, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Latest Blogs
Hatstand back at St Neots for 2019
Hatstand Opera get romantic in Oldham
Free Opera in the Park in Portsmouth!
Hatstand Opera come to St Neots for the first time in November
Join Hatstand Opera in Shropshire next weekend
Follow Us!
Message SentThank you for your message, we will be in touch very shortly.
Sorry, there has been a problem and your message was not sent.
CONTACT US
Name:
Email Address:
Message: