http://www.musicolympus.com/privacy.htm
Privacy Statement for Music Olympus
Music Olympus has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. We respect your privacy. Any and all information collected at this site will be kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, reused, rented, loaned, or otherwise disclosed. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site.
Information Automatically Logged
Music Olympus analyzes website logs to constantly improve the value of the materials available on website. Our website logs are not personally identifiable, and we make no attempt to link them with the individuals that actually browse the site.
Advertisers
We use an outside ad companies to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. We do not use cookies in other parts of our Web site, however, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad companies. We do not have access to this information. All ad companies we deal with are well known firms with strict privacy policy.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. Music Olympus is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Public Forums
This site may make chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups
available to its users.
Please remember that any information that is
disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise
caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and
alteration of the information under our control.
Children's Guidelines
This web site meets the guidelines of
TRUSTe's Children's program.
We do NOT collect online contact information without prior parental consent
or parental notification, which will include an opportunity for the parent
to prevent use of the information and participation in the activity.
Without prior parental consent, online information will only be used to
respond directly to the child's request and will not be used for other
purposes without prior parental consent.
We do NOT collect personally identifiable offline contact information
without prior parental consent.
We do NOT distribute to third parties any personally identifiable
information with out prior parental consent.
We do NOT give the ability to publicly post or otherwise distribute
personally identifiable contact information without prior parental consent.
We do NOT entice by the prospect of a special game, prize or other
activity, to divulge more information than is needed to participate in the
activity.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the
practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site,
you can contact us.