http://www.sarah-hopkins.co.uk/pages/privacy
Search
Cart
0
Menu
Cart 0
Home
Portfolio
Archive
About me
Workshops
Exhibitions
Search
Privacy
This website is run by Sarah Hopkins and Richard Weston.
We are committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of our visitors to our website. In particular, we want you to know that we are not in the business of selling, renting or trading email lists with other companies and businesses for marketing purposes. In this Privacy Policy, we’ve provided information on when and why we collect your personal information, how we use it and how we keep it secure.
This website uses cookies to better the users experience while visiting the website. Where applicable this website uses a cookie control system allowing the user on their first visit to the website to allow or disallow the use of cookies on their computer/device. This complies with recent legislation requirements for websites to obtain explicit consent from users before leaving behind or reading files such as cookies on a user's computer/device.
Cookies are small files saved to the user's computers hard drive that track, save and store information about the user's interactions and usage of the website. This allows the website, through its server to provide the users with a tailored experience within this website.
Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from this website on to their computers hard drive they should take necessary steps within their web browsers security settings to block all cookies from this website and its external serving vendors.
Other cookies may be stored on your computers hard drive by external vendors when this website uses referral programs, sponsored links or adverts. Such cookies are used for conversion and referral tracking and typically expire after 30 days, though some may take longer. No personal information is stored, saved or collected.
When someone visits us we use Google Analytics to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. As part of the registration process for our website, we collect personal information. We use that information for a couple of reasons: firstly, to process your order; to tell you about stuff you’ve asked us to tell you about; to contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information; to check our records are right and to check every now and then that you’re happy and satisfied. The type of information we may collect about you includes your name, address, telephone number, email address, credit/debit card details and your previous purchase history. We don't rent or trade email lists with other organisations and businesses.
We use a marketing automation platform to deliver our newsletter. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our newsletter. We will not email you unless you have given us your consent. You can unsubscribe to our emails at any time of the day or night by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails or send us a message on our contact page or by contacting us on social media
When you purchase a print on this website, your name, address data, email and contact number will be stored in our e-commerce system and as part of an event emailing list. Please be assured that we do not share your personal details with any other company without your consent.
We will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent. The information we hold will be accurate and up to date. You can check the information that we hold about you by emailing us. If you find any inaccuracies we will delete or correct it promptly.
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh