https://www.everettpost.com/privacy-statement
Home
Greatest Hits KRKO
Classic Country KXA
North Sound Stories
Things to Know
Business
Entertainment
Health
Music
National
Politics
Sports
Prep Sports Weekly
Traffic
World
Weather
Contact
Advertise With Us
Advertise With Us
Submit News
Home
NewsNorth Sound Stories
Things To Know
Business
Entertainment
Health
Music
National
Politics
Sports
Traffic
Prep Sports Weekly
World
WeatherAnacortes
Arlington
Bothell
Brier
Burlington
Deception Pass State Park
Edmonds
Everett
Gold Bar
Granite Falls
La Conner
Lake Stevens
Lynnwood
Marysville
Mill Creek
Monroe
Mountlake Terrace
Mt. Vernon
Mukilteo
North Central Cascades West
North Marysville
Oak Harbor
Sedro Woolley
Stanwood
Sultan
Greatest Hits KRKOListen Live
HostsTim Hunter
“Tall” Tom Lafferty
Heidi May
Michael Sparacio
Ted Buehner
Movies with Maury
Contests
Fan Club
Mobile App
Classic Country KXAListen Live
HostsStitch Mitchell
“Tall” Tom Lafferty
Charlye Parker
Heidi May
Michael Sparacio
Ted Buehner
Movies with Maury
Contests
Fan Club
Mobile App
Support LocalWhy Shop Local?
PodcastsTim Hunter’s Laughcast
Prep Sports Weekly
North Sound Weather Minute
ContactContact Us
Advertise With Us
Submit News
Search
Post Media Team takes seriously the privacy of those that visit our web site. We have established this Privacy Policy to communicate what information we collect and how that information is used and safeguarded.
By accessing this website (www.everettpost.com), you acknowledge the terms and conditions expressed herein. We reserve the right to change this policy at our sole discretion and without notice.
What information is collected, and why?
When a user visits our website, we collect information about the visit that does not identify the user personally. We track information such as the domain from which the user is visiting and the user’s browser type. We also collect specific information regarding the user’s session on our website. This includes items such as the date and time of the visit and the pages viewed.
Sometimes we ask a user to voluntarily provide personally identifiable information (PII). This information generally includes, but is not limited to, name, e-mail address, postal address, and telephone number. We request this information when the user requests one of the following:
To register to attend an on-line seminar or demonstration
To receive specific information from us such as a whitepaper or code sample
To sign up for a mailing list
To correspond with us
Or any other such activity that we deem necessary
Post Media Team does not collect any personally identifiable financial or health-related information. We do not intentionally collect information from children under the age of 13.
How is the information used?
Non-personally identifiable information (non-PII) is collected to allow us to analyze how our website is used and to improve the content and service the website provides.
Personally identifiable information is collected for analysis to improve the content of the website and the services we provide the user.
Post Media Team owns the collected information and will not sell, trade, or rent the information to others. We may use the information to continue contact with the user. This may include contact such as follow-up calls, e-mail correspondence, or mail correspondence to follow-up on the contact or to provide marketing information about promotions, new services, or important website changes. Post Media Team may share this information with its business partners for the specific purpose of a promotion or service offering.
Are “Cookies” used on the website?
“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are placed on a web user’s hard drive. We may use cookies to provide you with better service. Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to your computer’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Cookies can make the Web more useful by storing information about your preferences for a particular site. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and many major Web sites use them to provide useful features for their customers. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user’s computer. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of the functionality of the Post Media Team site if you do so.
How is personally identifiable information safeguarded?
Post Media Team utilizes industry standard methods and mechanisms such as firewalls, intrusion monitoring, and passwords to protect electronic information. Multiple physical security methods such as locking devices and 24 hour premise monitoring are also employed. Finally, access to PII is limited to a small number of personnel and on a need-to-know basis.
Links to other web sites
Post Media Team web site may contain links to other internet web sites. Post Media Team neither controls nor endorses external sites and is not responsible for the content of such sites. This policy does not cover the privacy policies and data collection practices of non-Post Media Team web sites.
How to opt out of correspondence
Based on the information a user has provided, Post Media Team may send e-mail correspondence to the user. Each correspondence will contain an easy means to opt out of further correspondence.
Latest Local News
Tuesday, December 8
How Do The Covid-19 Vaccines Work?
How Do The Covid-19 Vaccines Work?
Vaccines to combat the ...
Friday, December 4
EVERETT
WINTERTIDE CELEBRATION
RAIN, SLEET, SNOW OR HAIL WILL NOT STOP SANTA, ...
Thursday, December 3
New Mukilteo Ferry Terminal Opens Dec. 29th
Want some good news as this tough year comes ...
Monday, November 30
Are You Dreaming of a White Christmas?
This Might Be The Year!
Friday, November 20
Downtown Everett Association Launching New Holiday Lighting Program
Whip out the eggnog and turn up ...
Previous
Next
Follow Us on Facebook
Terms of Use
Privacy
General Contest Rules
KRKO Public File
KKXA Public File
Contact Us
Advertise
Submit News
Media Kit
Employment Opportunities
Copyright 2020, Everett Post/KRKO/KXA by Post Media Team.  All Rights Reserved.
Powered by Skyrocket Radio.
Weather information provided by Weatherlogy.