https://www.artworkshops.com/faqs-policies
Skip To Content
NEW! How are you handling your workshops in light of the COVID-19 pandemic?
We are evaluating the current recommendations from the CDC and mandates from New York State every day. Just as we make a determination if a workshop does not have enough students to proceed just prior to the 30-day mark – we will notify enrolled students if their workshop will not proceed based on the status of the COVID-19 pandemic by 30-days prior to their workshop. We are also temporarily adjusting our cancellation and transfer policy during this time to the following;
We are returning to our 30-day prior deadline for cancellations and transfers during the COVID-19 pandemic.
A cancellation made prior to 30-days will be treated as a regular cancellation with the $75 cancellation fee and the remainder of the deposited refunded to you. A transfer prior to 30-days will also be treated as a regular transfer with just the $25 transfer fee.
A cancellation made less than 30-days prior will be treated as a regular late cancellation – no refund or deposit. *However, if the cancellation is due to COVID-19 symptoms or a recent contact with a COVID-19 positive person, you may transfer to another workshop with no transfer fee. An alternative workshop can be selected right away or we can hold your deposit until you are ready to decide.
If a workshop is canceled by us due to the COVID-19 pandemic, all enrolled students will receive a full refund if they desire – or may also transfer without any additional fee to another workshop. Any students who had previously canceled due to COVID-19 concerns, will also receive the same options of either a full refund or free transfer. Please note that due to the circumstances of the pandemic, refunds are sent as we are able to make them.
Finally, if you’re in a financially secure situation through all this – please consider transferring instead of cancelling your workshop enrollment.
Just like all small businesses, service industry workers, artists, and freelancers everywhere in the world – we are deeply feeling the economic impacts of this event. As a business based on travel and bringing people together, we don’t know what the future holds, but we do know it’s time to do the right thing and take measures to be socially responsible.
If the workshops are five (5) or three (3) days long, why do the dates cover seven (7) or five (5) days?
Our workshop packages include both an arrival day and departure day to ensure you’re settled and well rested for your actual workshop days. The arrival day begins with check-in at 3PM, followed by a wine and cheese reception at 6PM, dinner, and brief orientation with your instructor and the innkeepers. The departure day begins with regularly scheduled breakfast and check-out by 10:30AM.
How early should I sign up for a workshop?
It depends! Our schedules are usually completed about a year in advance but we don’t publicly post them until about six months prior to the start of that season. However, that doesn’t mean the instructor hasn’t begun advertising it earlier! If you’re worried about getting into your workshop of choice, we recommend getting in touch with us either by email at info@artworkshops.com or phone at (518) 966-5219 and we’ll advise you as best we can.
How do you define levels of painting?
Beginner – student has limited experience in the medium and subject matter taught and has basic skills.
Intermediate – student has knowledge of the basic elements, such as design, value, edges, color, form and texture; has prior experience working in the medium taught in the class; and draws well.
Advanced – student is confident working in the medium, with a high level of competence.
Can I ship my supplies to you?
You’re also welcome to ship supplies (or personal items) to us ahead of time at the below addresses dependent upon the shipping carrier;
Via US Postal Service
YOUR NAME YOUR NAME
Greenville Arms 1889 Inn
PO Box 659
Greenville, NY 12083
Phone: (518) 966-5219
Via UPS or FedEx
YOUR NAME YOUR NAME
Greenville Arms 1889 Inn
11135 State Route 32
Greenville, NY 12083
Phone: (518) 966-5219
Can I rent a sewing machine from you?
Yes, we have a limited number of Bernina machines available for rent by the day. Please make sure to request one in advance should you need one.
Can I bring my non-painting/sewing spouse/partner/friend/family member?
Yes, absolutely! We encourage you to bring a friend, adult family member, or partner with you and have a lodging and meal package specifically available for that purpose. There are a number of interesting activities and things to do in the area including golf, hiking, antiquing, and so much more. Let us know if you would like more information about this.
Do you have wine available for purchase? Can I bring my own?
We have an extensive wine and beer list with options available by the glass and by the bottle. Yes, you may bring your own wine – if you’d like it served at dinner there is a corkage fee of $10 per bottle.
How do I get to you?
Review our Getting Here page for details on travel options.
Can I reserve a particular room?
While we do take requests for particular rooms and are usually able to honor them, we cannot ever guarantee you will get to stay a particular room. We do our best to accommodate all requests, especially for those who require a ground floor or pet friendly room. If you require a ground floor or pet friendly room, please be sure to request this when you enroll as they may not be available at a later date.
Can you accommodate my dietary needs?
Most likely yes, as long as you provide us with advanced notice when you enroll in your workshop we can accommodate most all dietary needs. We have a small kitchen and last minute requests may not be able to be accommodated.
Can I arrive a night early or stay a day late?
If we have availability, absolutely! We offer a special flat rate for bed & breakfast stays for workshop students who would like to arrive early or stay late. Due to flight times, students traveling from the West Coast often find arriving a day early is a good idea.
If I plan to arrive a day late and/or leave the workshop early will my package be pro-rated?
Our workshops are designed to be a complete package for the student’s optimal experience. Adjustments to the lodging & dining package rates may only be made at least 60 days prior to the workshop dates or at the time of enrollment – however the tuition cost cannot be pro-rated under any circumstances.
Can you coordinate my travel with another student?
We do not give out our students contact information to other students or anyone else for that matter. In order to minimize confusion, we recommend utilizing our Facebook event for your particular workshop to coordinate directly with other students attending that workshop. You can find all our workshops as Facebook events here.
What is the service charge about?
The service charge is like a form of gratuity. Establishments that use only direct tipping rely on tips to compensate for a below minimum wage base rate, which is common practice in the service industry. The service charge system allows us provide all of our hard working staff; waitstaff, housekeepers, kitchen staff, and groundskeeping staff, with an equitable hourly wage above the state minimum. We do this to help us retain the excellent people who are essential to making your stay enjoyable while you are our guest. Please note, however, that the service charge is only 10%, which is well below the usual tipping average. Our staff would not object to any additional tips if you want to show your appreciation for a job well done!
So, should I be planning to tip?
As mentioned above, our service charge is only 10%, which is well below the usual tipping average for North America. We recommend considering all the service you’ve received over the course of your stay from our staff and making your own decision on how best to show your appreciation.
Do your workshops ever get canceled?
While we do everything in our control to make sure every workshop we schedule takes place, sometimes factors outside of our control intervene. This may include but is not limited to low enrollment, an issue with the instructor’s travel, or other unforeseen circumstances. In the rare event that we do have to cancel a workshop, you will be given as much notice as possible and your deposit will be refunded in full. If this concerns you, we recommend purchasing trip insurance.
Cancellation Policy
Deposits are applied as a pre-payment of tuition and accommodations. All cancellation notices can only be accepted in writing. Written notice can be by email, fax, or sent in the mail. Prior to 45 days before the start of a workshop, a $75 cancellation fee will be retained for each cancellation. Transfers to another class prior to 45 will be charged a $25 transfer fee. For transfers or cancellations with less than 45 days notice, the $425 deposit is not refundable or transferable. We cannot be responsible for issuing refunds, credits or transfers for classes missed due to illness, emergencies or events beyond our control. If a workshop is cancelled by us, all money will be refunded. Call us before enrolling if you have questions about these policies.
Pets Policy
We do have a limited number of pet-friendly rooms available at the inn. If you plan to bring your pet, you must notify us when you enroll so that we can make sure that you are given a pet-friendly room and understand our pet policies. There is an additional $75 pet fee for your stay during the workshop.
If one of our pet-friendly rooms is not available, then unfortunately we will not be able to accommodate your pet.
If you are considering bringing your pet, please review our full Pets Policy here.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us, please review our full policy here and contact us if you have any questions.