https://www.pukkelpop.be/en/general-conditions/
General Conditions
WHO IS WHO ?
Good agreements make good friends. This website, including subdomains and the offered services, is managed by The Factory Ltd.
The Factory Ltd, with registered office established at:
Diestersteenweg 152
3970 Leopoldsburg, BE
Registered with enterprise number 0434.153.588 info@pukkelpop.be
We are also responsible for the website www.pptickets.be
User: Anyone who visits our website, regardless of whether this is intended purely for information and/or with a view to our services.
Visitor: Anyone who wishes to reserve a festival ticket via our website and/or who already has a festival ticket in his name. Is hereafter also referred to as the "purchaser".
GENERAL CONDITIONS
This text regulates each use of the website, including the services that are offered via the website. As soon as one enters the website as a user, one declares one´s acceptance of these General Conditions. One hereby also declares as a user to be authorised to bind oneself to these general conditions, or to assume this obligation under supervision and subject to the consent of an authorised person.
If you do not accept our website and/or these General Conditions, we can only recommend that you make no further use of the site.
It is possible that special conditions replace these General Conditions. This will only be the case if there is a meeting of minds on this and it is established in writing. These special conditions shall only apply for the part of the General Conditions from which they depart.
Each reference to our General Conditions always entails a reference to the entirety of our legal texts, thus including our conditions of sale, Privacy Policy, Cookie Policy and Proclaimer.
We may decide at any time to unilaterally modify our General Conditions, without this giving rise to any form of compensation. Naturally, any modification will only have prospective effect, so that you are never bound to something you do not want. In any event we recommend regularly taking cognisance of possible modifications in our General Conditions.
USE OF THE WEBSITE
Each user of our website, including services, understands that this use is always entirely at the user´s own risk. Our website is to be visited on an ´as is´ basis, thus without any (implicit or explicit) guarantee or condition. Naturally, we do not offer you a website without our having taken all necessary and reasonable measures that guarantee the proper functioning and security of our websites. Nevertheless, we cannot give any absolute guarantees. It is thus possible that the user will suffer harm as a result of ´errors´ and/or viruses or similar harmful components that afflict our website and/or servers. However, we may not be held liable for any harm deriving from the use of the website, including its services.
In addition, the website is offered on an ´as available´ basis. We cannot give any guarantees with regard to the accessibility of our website and the offered services. We will always take all reasonable measures in order to reduce the risk of malfunctions and/or interruptions to a minimum, but we shall under no circumstances be liable for harm resulting from a deficient access to the website and its services.
It is possible that certain content can be downloaded via our website. Each download from our website is always at one´s own risk, and damage resulting from a loss of data or harm to the computer system falls completely and exclusively under the user´s responsibility.
Users and third parties must refrain from actions that could endanger the use of this website. If such an action endangers the proper functioning and/or the secure character of our website (including services) and/or leads to the deficient accessibility of our website, the responsible person alone is personally and fully liable for all harm caused. If the responsible person is a user, he shall have a duty of indemnification vis-à-vis The Factory Ltd.
Finally, our website contains many references to other websites and/or electronic communication portals that are not under the actual control of The Factory Ltd. Placing such a reference does not automatically means that we (implicitly) approve of the content of these websites. These references shall thus be clicked on and visited at the user´s own risk and personal responsibility. The Factory Ltd is not liable for any form of harm deriving from this.
INFORMATION ON OUR WEBSITE
The Factory Ltd devotes the greatest care to its websites and the information appearing on them. This means that we take the necessary steps to keep our website as complete, accurate and up-to-date as possible. This is a best-efforts obligation. We may therefore change, supplement or remove our website and its content at any time.
Nevertheless, we cannot give guarantees about the quality of the information on our website. Thus it is possible that the information will be incomplete, insufficiently accurate and/or useful. We are therefore not liable for (direct and indirect) harm resulting from actions that the user takes on the basis of the information on our website. For example, information and files coming from third parties also appear on the website. These third parties, and not The Factory Ltd, are themselves responsible for the quality of such content. We are not obliged to check this content in advance, even if we place the content itself on the website.
If certain content on our website constitutes a violation of the applicable law and/or an infringement of the rights of third parties and/or is simply unacceptable, we ask you to report this to us as soon as possible so that we can take the appropriate steps.
WHAT ABOUT MY PRIVACY ?
Each user of our website leaves information about himself behind. The quantity of such information differs the more actions are performed, for example after registration. Depending on the quality of the information, it is possible that a natural person can be identified. As of that moment we are collecting and processing personal data.
Because we find privacy and privacy protection important, we have made an effort to inform you as fully as possible about the processing of personal data that we do. We are therefore pleased to refer you to our Privacy Policy.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
Creativity merits protection, thus so does our website and its content. The protection is provided by intellectual property rights. Such rights also apply for our website and its content. By "content" is understood the whole broad category of photos, video, audio, text, ideas, notes, drawings, articles, etc. All of this content is protected by copyright, software law, database law, industrial design rights and other applicable (intellectual) property rights. The technical character of our website itself is protected by copyright, software law and database law. Every trade name that we use on our websites is also protected by the applicable trade name law or trade mark law.
Each user receives a limited right of access, use and reproduction of our websites and their content. This granted right is non-exclusive, non-transferable and can only be used within a personal, non-commercial framework.
We thus ask our users not to use and/or to make changes to the intellectual property rights as described in this article, without the permission of the entitled party.
APPLICABLE LAW
These General Conditions (including the Conditions of Sale) are exclusively governed and interpreted in conformity with Belgian Law. Disputes fall within the jurisdiction of the courts of the judicial district of Hasselt.
If the effect or validity of one or several of the above provisions of these general conditions should be endangered, this will have no consequence on the validity of the other provisions of this agreement.
Every disclaimer of liability by The Factory Ltd must always be given the broadest possible interpretation.
The headings that we use in our legal documents are always purely illustrative, so no legal significance can be derived from them.
In case of contradiction and/or dispute, the original Dutch version of these general conditions will prevail over the French and English translations thereof.
DO YOU HAVE A QUESTION OR COMMENT ? WE MAKE TIME FOR YOU.
We find your opinion important. We try to ensure that our website and our offered services function as correctly as possible, but we are not always in the right position to note shortcomings or other problems. Therefore we ask you, as a user, to communicate to us any useful comment or complaint. This can be done using the e-mail address info@pukkelpop.be.
We will do everything in our power to provide a practical and effective answer to your complaint or comment as quickly as possible.
NEED A FESTIVAL TICKET? THESE ARE OUR CONDITIONS OF SALE:
WHAT DOES PUKKELPOP OFFER YOU ?
Depending on what you need as a visitor, we can offer you the following;
FESTIVAL TICKET; this is the ticket that gives you access to the festival grounds for the respective duration of choice (combi or day ticket). At the PKP-Check-In at the Main Entrance you must exchange this festival ticket for a festival wristband. Only with this festival wristband will you receive access to the festival grounds.
CAMPING TICKET; this ticket, linked to your festival ticket, gives access to the camping printed on your camping ticket for the chosen duration. Camping tickets and festival tickets can either be purchased together or separately.
Camping Chill is located opposite the festival site. A campsite fee will be charged.
Camping Relax is free and is within walking distance of the festival, there are free shuttle buses.
For both camp sites a Recycling Deposit will be charged.
CAMPING UPGRADES; Festivalgoers who already have their festival ticket can purchase a camping upgrade, i.e. they can rent a camping facility or purchase a camping package.
You can choose to rent a camping facility at Camping Comfy. This upgrade will also give you access to camping Comfy.
You can choose to purchase a DIY camping package at Camping Chill or Camping Relax. This also requires the purchase of a camping ticket for Camping Chill or a ticket for Camping Relax.
You can choose to purchase a pitch at Camping Relax on Wheels.
This also requires a Camping Relax ticket.
You can choose to upgrade from Camping Relax to Camping Chill.
FREE PUBLIC TRANSPORT; Your festival ticket also gives you the possibility to come to our grounds by (free) public transport. You will find the conditions for this possibility under the heading "By public transport to Pukkelpop?" .
FOOD & DRINKS VOUCHER; You can purchase this voucher online until July 31st on our Website and exchange it for Food & Drinks tickets at the PKP Check-in and/or festival grounds.
With your festival ticket you receive access to the entire programme on the day(s) chosen by you. Our prices are those stated on the Website, always expressed in euros (including VAT and taxes, service costs and mobility contribution).
We reserve the right to change the conditions and prices of our tickets at any time, without any form of formality or advance notice. Such changes have only prospective effect. If you have already purchased a ticket, then nothing changes for you.
RECYCLING DEPOSIT; As part of its waste awareness campaign, the organisers of Pukkelpop have decided to introduce a waste fee. This Recycling Deposit amounts to €10 and is included in the price of an official PKP camping ticket. This fee can easily be recuperated.
The Recycling Points and on-site staff at the official PKP campsites dispense two types of refuse bags: one for residual waste and one for PMD (plastic bottles and containers, metal packaging and drink cartons). The aim is to enable festival-goers to better and more accurately sort their waste during their stay. Properly sorted refuse bags (residual waste or PMD) must be handed in at an on-site Recycling Point. Festival-goers’ wristbands are scanned with every bag that is handed in.
The Recycling Deposit is refunded when the festival is over on the explicit condition that festival-goers have sorted their waste, handed in their residual waste and/or PMD at a Recycling Point and had their wristband scanned. If and only if these conditions are met, the full €10 will be refunded into the original buyer’s account or credit card by August 31 at the latest. If the conditions were met but you did not receive anything after that date, you can contact us at servicedesk@pptickets.be until September 30.
Festival-goers who did not hand in a properly sorted refuse bag (residual waste or PMD) at one of the Recycling Points and/or did not get their wristband scanned will not receive a refund; their Recycling Deposit will be forfeit and earmarked by the festival organisers as a financial contribution to the waste disposal process.
The Recycling Points at Camping Chill and Camping Relax are open non-stop from Thursday noon (12.00) until Monday, 11 am.
HOW TO RESERVE A TICKET ?
The only way to obtain a valid ticket is via our official sales website(s); www.pptickets.be or www.proximusgoformusic.be
For years now we, but above all our visitors, have been confronted with the consequences of unofficial sales (counterfeit tickets, extortionate prices). We have taken a number of measures in order to prevent disappointments. If you are curious we’d be happy to give you further information under the heading "What about unofficial sales ?". So if you want to be certain that your money secures a valid access, don´t buy via the ´black market´. If you notice an unofficial resale, please report it to us and thus help to prevent people from being unnecessarily duped.
Ordering an entrance ticket for friends, colleagues, family, etc. (so-called third parties) is no problem. However, we do ask for the name of the end user, for purposes of access control, the date of birth of the user to control the serving of alcohol to minors, the gender of the user to be able to estimate the number and nature of the sanitary facilities.
The person or company that places the order is then considered the principal and is responsible for providing us with the correct information.
Blessed by the internet, we only sell our tickets online. In order to already give you a bit more information in advance about how the sale takes place, we would like to briefly run over all the steps. Just go through them at your ease. We promise there won´t be a test afterwards.
Go to our ticket sales site www.pptickets.be via www.pukkelpop.be or www.proximusgoformusic.be.
The initial choice screen lists the following options:
TICKETS : festival ticket with or without camping and with or without Food & Drink voucher
FOOD & DRINKS VOUCHERS
CAMPING ONLY – CAMPING UPGRADES : this option is only available if you already have your festival ticket
BEER VOUCHER
Tickets
Step 1: Select your tickets
In step 1 you specify what type (day ticket or combi) and how many tickets you want to order. Per person you can order a maximum of six (6) admission tickets. First look at which tickets we offer in order to avoid errors in the heat of the moment.
The number of food & drinks vouchers can also be indicated in this step.
Step 2: Fill in your personal details
In order to be certain that you actually exist, in this step we ask for your personal data. As the party responsible for the purchase, from now on you are the principal/purchaser. We ask for nothing more than your name, street address and e-mail address in case we have to contact you. It is important that the information that you provide to us corresponds with reality. We cannot forward any tickets to you without, for example, a valid e-mail address.
At this point we also ask you to explicitly accept our General Conditions.
We find the protection of your privacy important. For more information on the processing of personal data, we refer you to our Privacy Policy.
Step 3: Personalise your tickets
For us, you aren´t a number. Each admission ticket is in someone´s name, and consequently is non-transferable. This means that you cannot pass it on or resell it to someone else. At the entrance we verify whether your identity corresponds to the identity on the ticket. Only if there is a match do you get access to the festival. So once again it is important to communicate correct information.
In this step you can also indicate which camping site you want to stay at. You can choose Camping Relax, Camping Chill or ‘no camp site’ and this as long as there are places on the offered camping sites. Be very careful here and avoid mistakes - unless you´d prefer to end up on a different camping site than your friends, of course.
With this step you can also choose your camping. There’s a choice of Camping Chill, Camping Relax or ‘no camping’ as long as the available campings aren’t full. Be accurate and double check for mistakes.
Staying at Camping Relax is free of charge whereas a supplement is charged for Camping Chill. A Recycling Deposit is charged for both campings (Chill and Relax).
We find the protection of your privacy important. For more information on the processing of personal data, we refer you to our Privacy Policy.
Step 4: Choose a method of payment
We can only confirm your order after immediate payment. If the payment isn´t made, then the tickets automatically go back on sale.
The following payment methods are possible:
Maestro
Bancontact / Mister Cash
Mastercard
VISA
iDEAL (only for customers with a bank account in the Netherlands)
In order to ensure the security of your online transaction(s), we work together only with the above payment partners and credit card issuers. Online payments are made via a closed security system as a result of which the risk of loss and/or theft of your identity or credit card data is reduced to an absolute minimum. Naturally we are not liable for any shortcomings on the part of the above payment partners and credit card issuers.
Step 5: Order summary
This is the final step in the ordering process. Take enough time to check whether all of the data are correct.
If you find that you’ve made an error, just go back to the previous step(s) in the ordering process and correct where necessary.
Step 6: Safe payment
You can report problems with your ticket reservation at servicedesk@pptickets.be. Always mention your name, address and telephone number so that we can help you as quickly and effectively as possible.
HAVE YOU GONE THROUGH ALL OF THE ABOVE STEPS?
The reservation is definitive as soon as the payment is completed. As of this moment the purchase is definitive, meaning that your festival ticket is neither refundable nor exchangeable. In the absence of immediate payment there is no reservation. We then send you a confirmation e-mail with the requested entrance tickets.
All ordered tickets are sent to you as ´festival tickets´. This means that you receive a PDF file sent by e-mail. As the purchaser you are obliged to carefully examine the e-mail upon receipt for any mistakes on our part. Following payment you get a screen that lists a support ID NUMBER. This is your order number so be sure to keep it handy. If we did something wrong in the delivery of our services, you as the purchaser have seven (7) days to report it. This must always be done in a writing that specifies the reasons and is addressed to The Factory Ltd. If your report/complaint is found to be admissible, then naturally we will correct our error. If you fail to produce a substantiated complaint within the given period, your right expires.
You must print out the PDF file and it constitutes the sole valid entrance ticket. Your ticket is your festival, camping site and bus ticket.
Only the first individual who presents the original festival ticket and camping ticket will be granted access to the event or the camping site. The presenter must be able to match his identity to the identity on the ticket.
The holder of a copied festival ticket or camping ticket will be refused access, so make sure that no one can copy your festival ticket and camping ticket.
CAMPING ONLY OR UPGRADE FROM CAMPING RELAX TO CAMPING CHILL?
Only festival ticket holders can buy a separate camping ticket for Camping Chill or Camping Relax or upgrade their camping ticket from Camping Relax to Camping Chill. During the ordering process for these Camping Only tickets you will be required to enter the shortcode and ticket number of your personalised festival ticket. Both are printed on your festival ticket just below your name. The Camping Only ticket is joined with your festival ticket and the two can no longer be separated. This combined festival/camping ticket is only forwarded to the email address the buyer of the festival ticket registered with the initial order.
Upgrade festival ticket to a combi ticket or change it into another festival day
From day ticket to combi ticket
The upgrade from a day ticket to a combi ticket can only be done through tickets.pukkelpop.be
The administration fee is € 5.
The upgraded festival ticket will keep the same camping facilities as the original festival ticket (no camping, Camping Chill or Camping Relax).
Changing festival day
Changing your day ticket to a different date (for example: a Friday ticket into a Saturday ticket) can only be done through tickets.pukkelpop.be.
The administration fee is € 5.
Upgrading or changing festival days is only possible if the desired tickets are available. The new festival/camping ticket is only forwarded to the email adress the buyer of the festival ticket registered with the initial order.
Do I have a right of withdrawal on my tickets?
As a consumer you do not have the right to withdraw from the purchase. The right of withdrawal is not applicable because what is involved here is a service for leisure activities, and/or the reservation of the tickets, which moreover is implemented immediately.
By accepting the General Conditions, you expressly declare as a consumer that you no longer have a right of withdrawal as soon as The Factory Ltd executes the agreement. Your reservation is executed immediately and automatically after payment.
WHAT ABOUT UNOFFICIAL SALES ?
Because we have been confronted for years now with the consequences of counterfeit tickets and tickets at extortionate prices, we make great efforts to combat such abuse as much as possible. The only way to buy a valid ticket is via the official sales website www.pptickets.be and www.proximusgoformusic.be
Each festival ticket and camping ticket is in the user´s name, strictly personal and cannot be transferred. This means that you cannot resell it or pass it on to someone else. If your identity does not correspond with the identity on the ticket, you will not get access to the festival and camping sites.
From August 1 on you will be able to change the name on your ticket via our official PKP Exchange Service. A fee will be charged for this name change. The general conditions of the official PKP Exchange Service can be found here.
The recent Act of 30 July 2013 helps us by subjecting unlawful resales to criminal-law sanctions (fines up to €60,000). It is prohibited to resell your festival ticket and camping ticket or to provide them to third parties, in any way and regardless of whether it is done for a commercial or some other reason. Not a single one of the purchased tickets may be given away via a contest, promotion or advertisement without The Factory Ltd having given its express written consent for this.
In order to avoid disappointments, we thus emphatically advise against the use of unofficial sales channels. Chances are great that your ticket will not give access to the festival.
Only our official festival partners may, subject to advance approval, organise contests in which Pukkelpop tickets are given away.
The Factory Ltd is entitled to cancel festival tickets and camping tickets as soon as it determines that tickets are being offered for sale despite the prohibition. The cancellation makes the ticket unusable, even for the initial purchaser. The cancellation gives no right to any form of reimbursement. All costs deriving from the cancellation shall be borne by the purchaser.
The Act of 30 July 2013 on the sale of entrance tickets for events has provided us with a number of measures to prevent unlawful resale, and we will not hesitate to exercise these (legal) options.
Don´t give fraudsters a chance, and help us rid the world of this abuse. If you learn of an unofficial ticket offer on the internet or elsewhere, let us know at servicedesk@pptickets.be
BY PUBLIC TRANSPORT TO PUKKELPOP ? TAKE A MOMENT TO GO THROUGH THESE CONDITIONS.
BUSES AND TRAMS (DE LIJN)
The festival ticket is a valid transport ticket for the buses and trams of De Lijn. It is valid for the ride as of any stop in Belgium up to the festival grounds in Kiewit.
TRAINS (SNCB)
The festival tickets are not valid for travelling by train.
Each festival ticket gives the right to one free E-TRAIN TICKET which can be ordered on sncb.be/pukkelpop from 31/07/2020 using the SNCB code mentioned on your festival ticket.
All e-train tickets are designated by name, therefore not transferable nor can they be exchanged or cancelled.
The e-train tickets are valid for one outward journey and one homeward journey by train in 2nd class from the Belgian station chosen by you to KIEWIT in the period of Thursday 20-08-2020 until Monday24-08-2020 inclusive.
On Sunday 23-08-2020 free night trains will be scheduled. Reservations in advance are required at nmbs.be/pukkelpop. Places are limited. Reservations are possible from 31/07/2020.
Travellers who have Brussel-Nationaal-Luchthaven as departure or destination station still have to pay the Diabolo fee.
The e-train tickets must always be presented spontaneously and together with the identity card, as well during the outward journey as during the homeward journey.
The e-train tickets are not valid on the Thalys, Eurostar and other high-speed trains.
The festival goers from abroad can combine their e-train ticket with a transport ticket (outward and homeward journey) which is valid on the foreign railway networks until the Belgian frontier. As from there the e-train ticket is valid to Kiewit station.
Wristlets and other Pukkelpop attributes are not valid as an SNCB transport ticket.
MORE INFORMATION: sncb.be/pukkelpop
ON AND AROUND THE FESTIVAL GROUNDS
Only the first individual who presents the original festival ticket and camping ticket will receive access to the festival grounds and/or the camping site. The holder of a copied festival ticket and camping ticket will be refused access. So make sure that no one can copy your festival ticket and camping ticket.
Prohibited on the festival grounds: drugs, liquids, glass, cans, camel bags, sharp objects, alcohol, animals, sound, film, video and photo equipment, fires and any object that the organisation may consider to be dangerous. One can be lawfully searched/patted down before being allowed to enter the grounds or asked to search clothes and/or luggage. Access will be prohibited in the event of refusal.
The artists and the organisers, their agents and employees, the camping site organisers, De Lijn and the NMBS cannot be held liable for damage, loss or theft, nor for any possible accident. Official sale of festival merchandise takes place only on the festival grounds.
It is not authorised to distribute gadgets, samples or any such other products at the entrance of / near to / on the festival meadow and camping sites unless written agreements have been made on this in advance.
Distributing flyers on, around and near the festival is prohibited by police order.
Pukkelpop is a festival where everyone is welcome. Unacceptable behaviour will not be tolerated at the festival grounds or at the campsites.
By purchasing an festival ticket, you expressly confirm that you as a visitor are bound by our festival regulations. Any violation thereof will be sanctioned. Pukkelpop reserves the right to deny anyone at any time access to the site if there is a sufficient reason to do so. If you violate the regulations, you will be the sole party responsible for this. You will also be obliged to indemnify Pukkelpop for all potential consequences of your violation, including claims of third parties. Beyond this, we reserve the right to take the appropriate (judicial) steps ourselves.
LIABILITY – CANCELLATION – FORCE MAJEURE – PROGRAMME CHANGES
The Pukkelpop organisation is only liable for any shortcoming imputable to it, regardless of whether this is contractual or extra-contractual in nature, in so far as this liability was not expressly excluded or limited in these General Conditions. Our total liability is in any case limited to compensation of the direct damage and can never be higher than the value of the delivered service, i.e. the Pukkelpop ticket. Liability for any form of indirect damage is expressly excluded.
Liability in the event of force majeure is entirely excluded. By ´force majeure´ is understood any circumstance beyond the control of the Pukkelpop organisation which impedes it, even temporarily, from wholly or partially fulfilling its obligations. The Pukkelpop organisation is not liable for the obligations of its partners, including De LIJN and the NMBS.
Every third party (including visitors) who, through a fault imputable to him, endangers the liability of the Pukkelpop organisation, including The Factory Ltd and its employees, must fully and at the first request indemnify the Pukkelpop organisation against any claim of third parties. This duty of indemnification means that you must always voluntarily intervene in any dispute and/or judicial proceeding which is initiated against the Pukkelpop organisation by a third party and must yourself bear the possible financial consequences thereof.
In case of cancellation of the event, the ticket price, excluding the service and administration fee, will be reimbursed to the person or company that made the order.
It is of course possible that the cancellation is the result of force majeure; this would be any situation beyond our control which prevents us, even temporarily, from wholly or partially fulfilling our obligations. In such a case we are not obliged to allow the festival to go on, naturally depending on the situation. There will be no reimbursement or compensation in the event of force majeure unless with the express agreement of both parties.
Changes to the programme give no right to partial or full reimbursement of the festival ticket and camping ticket. We regret it if a change occurs, but are confident that there is always a Plan B ready to make up for it.
STAY SAFE
NO PKP20