https://www.obscuresound.com/about/privacy-policy/
About
Contact/Submissions
Advertising
Blogroll
Privacy Policy
Page NavigationAboutContact/SubmissionsAdvertisingBlogrollPrivacy Policy
Tracks
Playlists
Interviews
Top Albums
Electronic
Folk
Hip-Hop
Pop
Rock
Dream-Pop + Shoegaze
Category NavigationTracksPlaylistsInterviewsTop AlbumsElectronicFolkHip-HopPopRockDream-Pop + Shoegaze
Privacy Policy
Obscuresound.com – Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally Identifiable Information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When commenting on Obscure Sound, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
The data you enter when entering a comment, such as name and email, is stored on Obscure Sound. The email is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
We do not sell information to third parties.
User Data Request Form
The following box allows visitors to request their data stored in the WordPress database. Data found is send to their email address and allows them to put in an additional request to have the data anonymised.
By using this form you agree with the storage and handling of your data by this website.
How do we protect your information?
We only provide articles and information. We never ask for credit card numbers.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help you comment again in the future without having to re-enter your name and email. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved content. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
• Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, it won’t affect the user’s experience.
This is a list of the cookies set by the this website, and what each is used for:
__cfduid: statcounter.com sets this cookie which is used by the content network Cloudflare, to identify trusted web traffic.
sc_anonymous_id: Soundcloud sets this cookie when we embed tracks and audio onto the website.
UID, UIDR: ScorecardResearch is a service provided by comScore, Inc (“comScore”). comScore uses a combination of cookies and web beacons to count when user visit Soundcloud.com, their mobile site and any SoundCloud players embedded on third party sites, like Obscure Sound. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Website (including your IP address) is transmitted to and stored by comScore on servers in the United States. Please note that comScore only stores your obfuscated IP address. This is sufficient to identify (approximately) the country from which you are visiting our sites or accessing our players, but is not sufficient to identify you, or your computer or mobile device, individually.
YouTube also uses cookies whenever you play a YouTube embed posted on the site, and may collect data whenever you visit a page with a YouTube embed on it. Similarly, Spotify embeds may collect data usage upon user interaction.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.
Third-party links
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
Google
Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. – See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can easily be found on the page specified above.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:
• On our Privacy Policy Page
Can change your personal information:
• By emailing us
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
It’s also important to note that we allow third-party behavioral tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States’ consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify you via email
• Within 72 hours
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
• Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at [email protected]
and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
obscuresound.com
[email protected]
Last Edited on 2018-05-16
Send us your music on SubmitHub
News
Tracks
Features
Reviews
Playlists
Interviews
Top Albums
Video
Follow Obscure Sound on Spotify here.
CategoriesCategories
Select Category
Alternative
Americana
Baroque/Chamber-Pop
Country
Dream-Pop + Shoegaze
Electro-Folk
Electro-Funk
Electro-Pop
Electronic
Experimental
Features
Folk
Funk
Fusion Rock
Heavy Rock
Hip-Hop
Instrumental Rock
Interviews
Jangle-Pop/Rock
Jazz
Lo-Fi Hip-Hop
Lo-Fi Pop/Rock
Neo-Classical
News
Other
Playlists
Pop
Post-Punk
Post-Rock
Power-Pop
Progressive Rock
Psychedelic Folk
Psychedelic Hip-Hop
Psychedelic Pop
Psychedelic Rock
Punk / Hardcore
Radio-Friendly Pop/Folk
Radio-Friendly Rock
Retrowave + Synthwave
Reviews
Rock
Singer/Songwriter
Site
Sophisti-Pop
Soul / R&B
Synths + Guitars
Throwback Rock
Top Albums
Tracks
Video
Obscure Sound is an indie music blog formed in 2006. Thanks for reading.
Copyright © 2020 , All Rights Reserved.
Embedded players from YouTube, Soundcloud, and Spotify use cookies to collect data for analytics purposes upon clicking the player. Accept Reject Privacy PolicyPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.