https://www.livemetallica.com/privacy.aspx
WELCOME TO THE LIVEMETALLICA.COM
PRIVACY POLICY
-updated as of July 1, 2020
Thank you for visiting livemetallica.com. Your privacy
is important to us. This privacy policy describes the information we collect,
what we do with it, and the choices you can make about the way your information
is collected and used at livemetallica.com.  Please review our privacy policy
as it may change from time to time in the future (when we change the policy in
a material way, a notice will be posted on our website along with the updated
Privacy Policy) and contact us at help@livemetallica.com
if you have any questions or concerns.
The Information We Collect
At livemetallica.com, you can order products, express
an opinion, and subscribe to services such as online newsletters and paid
streaming. The types of personally identifiable information that may be
collected at these pages include: name, address, location, e-mail address,
telephone number, fax number, contact preferences, credit card information,
Internet protocol address, date of birth, and details of how you use and
interact with our websites (e.g. your search queries, a record of customer
service emails, access dates and times, referring website addresses).
At some parts of some of our websites, only persons
who provide us with the requested personally identifiable information will be
able to order products, programs, and services or otherwise participate in the
site's activities and offerings.
We also may collect some non-personally identifiable
information when you visit many of our web pages such as the type of browser
you are using (e.g. Safari, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system
you are using and information about your Internet service provider (e.g.
Comcast, AT&T) or device (e.g. iPhone 6, MacBook Pro) and other
user-related general data (e.g. zip code, area code).
How We Use the Information
We may use the information you provide about yourself
to fulfill your requests for our products, programs, and services, to respond
to your inquiries about our offerings, and to offer you other products,
programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you.  We sometimes
use this information to communicate with you, such as to notify you when a
concert you have purchased is available for download or when we make changes to
our subscriber agreements, to fulfill a request by you for an online
newsletter, or to contact you about your account with us.  If you enter into a
giveaway, contest or other promotion, we may use the information you provide to
administer those programs.
The information we collect in connection with our
website is used to provide an interactive experience. We use this information
to facilitate participation in these online forums and communities and, from
time to time, to offer you new products, programs, or services.  As is the case
with most Internet services, we obtain some information automatically and store
it in log files.  We use this and other information to understand and analyze
trends, to administer the site, to learn about user behavior on the site, to
improve our products and services, and to gather demographic information about
our users.  We may use this information to market and advertise our products
and services.
You are not required to provide any
personally-identifiable information that we have requested, but if you choose
not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our
products or services or respond to any questions you may have.
We sometimes use the non-personally identifiable
information that we collect to improve the design and content of our site and
to enable us to personalize your Internet experience. We also may share
non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners and use
this information in the aggregate to analyze site usage, as well as to offer
you products, programs, or services.
We may share information with our business partners, including third parties such as an artist, promoter, venue, sponsor and/or marketing and adverting partners.
Our business partners use the information we give them as described in their privacy policies, which may include sending you marketing communications. You should read those polices to learn how they treat your information.
We may share information with any successor to all or part of our business. For example, if part of our business is sold we may give our customer list as part of that transaction.
We may disclose personally identifiable information in
response to legal process (e.g. in response to a court order or a subpoena) or
to enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential
violations.  We also may disclose such information to detect, prevent or
otherwise address fraud, intellectual property violations, security or
technical issues, to protect our operations or users, or to respond to a law
enforcement agency's request.  Additionally, in the event of a reorganization,
merger or sale we may transfer any and all information we collect to the
relevant third party.
Agents and contractors of livemetallica.com who have
access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this
information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Notice by, for
example, not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the
services they are performing for livemetallica.com.  Agents and contractors of
livemetallica.com will comply with all laws regulating these matters, including
the General Data Protection Regulation (EU).
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard
against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that
personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in
a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Notice.
Finally, livemetallica.com websites will not use or
transfer personally identifiable information provided to us in ways unrelated
to the ones described above without also providing you with an opportunity to
opt out of these unrelated uses.  For example, if you don’t want to be on our
mailing list, you can opt out by updating your settings or contacting us at help@livemetallica.com.
Cookies
To enhance your experience with our website, many of our
web pages use "cookies."  Cookies are text files we place in your
computer's browser to store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not
tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information unless
you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, registering at
our site. However, once you choose to furnish the site with personally
identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in
the cookie.
We use cookies to understand site usage and to improve
the content and offerings on our site. For example, we may use cookies to
personalize your experience at livemetallica.com.com (e.g. to recognize you by
name when you return to our site), save your password in password-protected
areas, and enable you to use shopping carts on our website.
You may also set your browser to block all cookies,
including cookies associates with our services, or to indicate when a cookie is
being set by us.  However, many of our services may not function properly if
your cookies are disabled.
Our Commitment to Security
We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic,
and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access,
maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online.
livemetallica.com may work with third-parties in order to ensure proper
authentication and security procedures and practices.
We use standard security measures in place to protect your information.
These measures will depend on the type of information collected.
However, as the Internet is not guaranteed to be secure, we cannot promise that your use of nugs.net sites and Internet-based services and applications will be completely safe.
If you believe that an unauthorized account has been created with your name or identity, contact us at the address below.
General Data Protection Regulation
(EU)
With regard to your right of access, if you ask us,
we’ll confirm whether we’re processing your personal information and, if so,
provide you with a copy of that personal information (along with certain other
details).  If you require additional copies, we may need to charge a reasonable
fee.
With regard to your right of rectification, if the personal
information we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you are entitled to
have it rectified.  If we’ve shared your personal information with others,
we’ll let them know about the rectification where possible.  If you ask us,
where possible and lawful to do so, we’ll also tell you who we’ve shared your
personal information with so that you can contact them directly.
With regard to your right of erasure, you can ask us
to delete or remove your personal information in some circumstances such as where
we no longer need it, or you withdraw your consent (where applicable).  If
we’ve shared your personal information with others, we’ll let them know about
the erasure where possible.  If you ask us, where possible and lawful to do so,
we’ll also tell you who we’ve shared your personal information with so that you
can contact them directly.
With regard to your right to restrict processing, you
can ask us to ‘block’ or suppress the processing of your personal information
in certain circumstances such as where you contest the accuracy of that
personal information or object to us processing it.  It won’t stop us from
storing your personal information though.  We will tell you before we lift any
restriction.  If we’ve shared your personal information with others, we’ll let
them know about the restriction where possible.  If you ask us, where possible
and lawful to do so, we’ll also tell you who we’ve shared your personal
information with so that you can contact them directly.
With regard to your right to data portability, you
have the right as of May 25th 2018, in certain circumstances, to obtain personal information you’ve
provided us with (in a structured, commonly-used format) and to reuse it
elsewhere.
With regard to your right to object, you can ask us to
stop processing your personal information, and we will do so, if we are:
relying on our own or someone else’s legitimate interests to process your
personal information except if we can demonstrate compelling legal grounds for
the processing; processing your personal information for direct marketing; or
processing your personal information for research unless such processing is
necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest.
With regard to your rights in relation to automated
decision-making and profiling, you have the right not to be subject to a
decision when it’s based on automatic processing, including profiling, and it
produces a legal effect or similarly significantly affects you unless such
profiling is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract
between you and livemetallica.com.
With regard to your right to withdraw content, if we
rely on your consent (or explicit consent) as our legal basis for processing
your personal information, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any
time.
We will perform Data Protection Impact Assessments to
identify risks to consumer data and Data Protection Compliance Reviews to
ensure those risks are addressed.
In the event of a security breach involving your
personal user data, we will notify you within 72 hours of learning of the
breach and will provide specific details of the breach such as the nature of it
and the approximate number of data subjects affected.
California Privacy Disclosures:
"Shine the Light" Law.
California residents with an established business relationship with us may email us to request a list of the personal information we have shared with third parties for their marketing purposes. We will also provide California residents with a list of the third parties that have received your information.
California residents can make this request one time each year, and should mention in your request that you are making a "California Shine the Light" inquiry.
We will respond within 30 days.
California Consumer Privacy Act.
If you are a California resident, you have specific privacy rights governed by the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
These rights include:
Disclosure.
You have the right to request a report showing the personal information collected, shared, and sold about you in the past 12 months.
Opt-Out. You have the right to opt-out to the sale of your personal information to third parties.
Deletion. You have the right to request that we delete any personal information collected from you.
Non-Discrimination. We shall not discriminate against you based on your exercise of any of the above rights.
California residents may submit a request to enact any of the above rights by writing to legal@nugs.net or to Nugs.net Enterprises, Inc., 1383 9th Avenue, San Francisco, CA 94122 Attn: Privacy, or by calling us at 1-888-747-6847.
We may require additional information to verify your identity before responding to a CCPA rights request.
We will respond to your request within 45 days if possible and required under the law.
Personal Information collected on California residents and disclosed for a business purpose may include: names and aliases; physical address; phone number; e-mail address; IP address; unique identifiers; interactions with customer service; information about transactions made on our services; fan preferences and attributes; cookies and web beacons; and device attributes.
Sources of data about California Residents include: user-disclosed; business partners; data brokers including marketing and advertising partners; and technical service providers.
Business purposes for collecting personal information about California Residents include: providing products and services; content management; market research and aggregated analytics; marketing; client services; to prevent, detect and manage unlawful behavior; staff administration; and product management.
Third parties with whom we share personal information may include business partners, data brokers, and technical service providers.
Our websites and apps are not designed to respond to "do not track" requests from browsers.
Our sites and apps are meant for users over the age of 18.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.
If you are a parent or guardian and think your child under 13 has provided us information, you can email us at legal@nugs.net or write to us at Nugs.net Enterprises, Inc., 1383 9th Avenue, San Francisco, CA 94122 Attn: Privacy.
Please indicate "COPPA Information Request" for any such inquiries.
If you live in outside the United States, you understand and agree that we may transfer your information to and use your information in the United States.
This site is subject to United States laws, which may not afford the same level of protection of those in your country.
Links to Third Party Sites or Services
We may link to third party sites or services we don't control.
If you click on one of those links, you will be taken to websites we do not control.
This policy does not apply to the privacy practices of those websites.
Read the privacy policy of these other websites carefully.
We are not responsible for these third party sites.
Our site may also serve third-party content that contains their own cookies or tracking technologies.
We do not control the use of those technologies.
We do not track our customers across third party
websites, however some third party sites do keep track of your browsing
activities when they provide you content, which allows them to determine what
they present to you.  If you are visiting such sites, your browser should allow
you to set the Do Not Track (DNT) signal so that third parties know you do not
want to be tracked.  Third parties that have content embedded on
livemetallica.com websites may set cookies on a user’s browser and/or collect
information about the fact that a web browser visited a specific
livemetallica.com website from a certain IP address.  Third parties cannot
obtain any other personally identifiable information from livemetallica.com’s
websites unless you provide it to them directly.  Information collected by
third parties is governed by their privacy practices.
livemetallica.com offers interactive services which
allow you to post content to share publicly or with friends.  At any time you
can contact help@livemetallica.com to delete
or remove content you have posted using the deletion or removal options within
our service.  Although we offer deletion capability for our services, please be
aware that the removal of content may not ensure complete or comprehensive
removal of that content or information posted through the services.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about the
livemetallica.com Privacy Policy for this site, its implementation, or to
exercise your legal rights you may contact us at help@livemetallica.com
or at the address below:
LiveMetallica, 1383 Ninth Avenue, San Francisco, CA
94122 attn: Privacy
BACK TO TOP