http://www.sanrio.co.jp/english/privacy_policy/
Privacy Policy
Personal Information Protection Policy
Sanrio Group Personal Protection Policy
Based on our shared awareness of personal information as an important right that concerns the rights and interests of individuals, the Sanrio Group (hereinafter, “the Company”) pledges that its executives, employees, and all staff will adhere to legislation for protecting personal information while appropriately handling and protecting personal information in accordance with the following policy.
The Company will only request personal information such as customers’ name, address, telephone number, and email address after notifying them of the purpose of use and the contact for inquiries.
The Company will use personal information provided only within the scope of purposes acknowledged by the customers.
The Company will not provide or publish the customers’ personal information to third parties, excluding cases where customers have already given acknowledgment, tasks are to be outsourced or it is otherwise justified.
The Company will manage the personal information provided by customers appropriately by designating persons in charge of personal information in every organization and department that handles such information.
The Company will endeavor to maintain the personal information provided by customers in accurate and updated form as well as to ensure and improve security to manage its safety.
The Company will respond appropriately to customers who wish to see their own personal information or direct other inquiries to the Company’s relevant contact persons.
The Company will adhere to laws and other norms for handling customers’ personal information as well as will endeavor to continuously enhance and improve the above items and company regulations.
Please direct questions and inquiries relating to the Company’s personal information protection policy and customers’ personal information to the below.
Adopted March 25, 2005
Personal Information Protection Policy for the Official Sanrio Website
Based on the Sanrio Group’s Personal Information Protection Policy, the Company’s website is defined as follows.
• Cookie Use
The Company’s website may send information called cookies to the Internet viewing software (browser) in use by the customer when using the website. Cookies are currently in common use by many websites. Cookie use allows the Company to display contents and provide services more appropriately to returning customers by referencing access log information that shows what pages on the website the customer has visited in the past, for example.
Unless specified on the website, personal information will not be obtained through cookies.
If the customer does not wish for browser information to be collected, they may configure their browser by themselves to turn off the cookie function, but note that this may prevent use of some of the services. For configuration, please see “Help” or “Preferences” of the browser in use.
• Obtaining Access Log
The Company obtains customer access data from the website in order to conduct statistical analysis for the sake of improving customer convenience and service quality as well as to display optimal web contents and advertisements. However, it is never used for any other purposes or to collect personal information. The information contained in an access log is time and date of access, access count, IP address, type of browser used, cookie information, and so on, and does not gather information with which individuals can be identified.
• Access Log Analysis by and Advertisement Display Outsourcing to Third Parties
The Company may provide third-party outsourcing partners with access logs (not containing personal information) to cross-reference and analyze with information held by them or to outsource advertisement display based on such analytical results, with the aim to increase customer convenience and service quality as well as to display advertisements more efficiently.
If the customer does not wish for advertisements to be displayed based on such analytical results from relevant outsourcing, we ask that they access the opt-out page on the outsourcing partner’s website and configure their browser and applications to turn off those advertisements by following the steps described there.
• Third-Party Links on the Company’s Website
If a user clicks a third-party link, banner, text, or such on the Company’s website, the web server accessed may send cookies to the user’s computer. The Company cannot take responsibility for this since the use of such cookies is regulated by the policies relevant to each link destination. The Company also cannot take responsibility for any provision or collection of personal information at third-party online link destinations or the websites of advertisement owners. Please see the homepage of each destination for their policy.
• Social ID Login
When a customer accepts the linking of the Company’s website with a social network service or other external service, that external service or the Company may request the customer to provide information as specified.
The data provided may be used to register the customer, confirm the customer’s identification, and otherwise provide, maintain, protect, and improve services on the Company’s website.
However, please note that information provided by the customer to the external service is not managed by the Company but is regulated by the user agreement and personal information protection policy of the external service, which differ from the Company’s user agreement and personal information protection policy.
Adopted July 23, 2018
Page Top