http://www.wedding-hairstyle.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Our Policies on Privacy
Privacy is and should be important to everyone. On this page we show you what kind of data we collect and how we use it.
Log Files
A log file is a file that has a record of every request made to a web server (the type of computer that sends your computer web pages) As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums.
We also use third party advertisements. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing Florida real estate ads to someone in Florida, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).
You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
DoubleClick DART Cookie .:: Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. .:: Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. .:: Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL – http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Pages
Asian wedding hairstyles
Black wedding hairstyles
Bridal hair accessories
Bridal hair combs
Bridal hair flowers
Bridal hair pins
Choosing Wedding Tiaras
Top 3 Tips for Choosing Bridal Hair Pieces
Celebrity wedding hairstyles
Carrie Underwood Updo
Getting the Taylor Swift Updo Right
Jessica Alba Updo
The Eva Longoria Updo
Classy Vintage Wedding Hairstyles
Hairstyles for Bridesmaids
Traditional Indian Wedding Hairstyles
Wedding Hairstyles
Wedding hairstyles 2012
Bridal hair 2012
Bridal hairstyles 2012
Bridal updos 2012
Celebrity updos 2012
Hair updos 2012
Wedding Hair 2012
Wedding hair styles 2012
Wedding updos 2012
Wedding Hairstyles for Long Hair
Wedding hairstyles for medium hair
Wedding hairstyles for short hair
Wedding Updo Hairstyles
Curly updos for a Fantastic Wedding
Easy updos
Half up half down wedding hairstyles
Messy updo
Side ponytail updo
The Braided Updo
The Half updo
Wedding hairstyles half up
Wedding updos for long hair
© 2003 - 2011 Wedding-Hairstyle.com