https://www.beaulieu.co.uk/privacy-statement/
What's to see?EventsPlan your visitNewsGroupsEducation Visits & School GroupsGroup Visits & ToursGroup DiningCorporate & WeddingsLeith's at BeaulieuOur VenuesWeddingsCorporate HospitalityMeeting & Conference FacilitiesChristmas & New Year's Eve Parties
We are looking forward to welcoming visitors back on Saturday 12th December. Find out more here.
Home
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy and to ensuring we meet our obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (GDPR) 2018 and the UK Data Protection Act 1998.
Who are we?
The following policy is issued by Beaulieu Enterprises Ltd referred to as “BEL”. BEL is a private limited company, registered in England (company no. 00152186) with its registered office at John Montagu Building, Beaulieu, Hampshire, SO42 7ZN.
For the purpose of the GDPR 2018, the data controller is BEL and our data protection representatives can be contacted directly here:
data.protection@beaulieu.co.uk
IT Operations Manager, John Montagu Building, Beaulieu, Hampshire, SO42 7ZN
What personal data do we collect?
All personal data that we collect about you will be recorded, used, and protected by us in accordance with applicable data protection legislation and this privacy policy.
Identity Data includes title, first name, last name, and username.
Contact Data includes billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial Data includes bank account and payment card details.
Transaction Data includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.
Technical Data includes your internet protocol (IP) address. We may collect information about your computer including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers.  This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns and does not identify any individual.  Your IP address may also be used to diagnose problems with our server, monitor visitor traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop and improve our site further. We may also analyse which marketing activity led you to our website and resulting actions.
Profile Data includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Usage Data includes information about how you use our website, products and services.
Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
Where do we collect your data?
We may collect and process personal data from you as follows:
Directly from yourself when you complete a form, use our website, use our onsite Wi-Fi, or send us correspondence by email, letter or telephone.  This includes data when you:
Purchase tickets for the attraction or events
Purchase exhibitor packages
Create an account on our website, including customer, exhibitor or press accounts
Subscribe to our marketing
Enter a competition
Participate in a survey
Provide feedback on a service or experience
Purchase corporate hospitality or wedding packages
Online interactions.  This data is automatically collected when you interact with our website.  The data allows us to monitor and improve our online services.  The data is collected using cookies and server logs.  Please see our cookie policy for further details.
CCTV.  We operate a number of CCTV cameras across our premises and at our events.
How do we use your personal data?
We will use your data in the following ways:
To meet our contractual obligations to you when you purchase attraction or event tickets either online or in person.  This includes communicating with you about your purchase both before and after your visit.
To meet our contractual obligations to you when you purchase exhibitor packages for an event, either online or in person.  This includes communicating with you both before and after the event.
To update you on any products or events linked to (or similar to) your past purchases, as well as products or events you have expressed an interest in.
To send, with your consent, marketing communications regarding Beaulieu products and services.  See further information below.
To notify you of the results of any competitions you have entered with us.
To keep records for accounting purposes and to process Gift Aid claims.
To carry out market research after your visit.
To respond to any correspondence you send to us.
To communicate with media in relation to our PR processes.
Marketing communications
We will only send you marketing communications with your consent, requested at the point of providing your data, and based on your preferences and interests. You may update your preferences or unsubscribe by following the links on any marketing message sent to you or emailing data.protection@beaulieu.co.uk at any time.
Who do we share your data with, and why?
Please be assured that we will never sell your data to third party organisations. The nature of our business means that we work with carefully selected suppliers for services required to facilitate online purchases and staging of events. We may need to share your personal data with these third parties in relation to fulfilling our contractual obligations to you. They are obliged to keep your details securely and to only use them in relation to the service they provide to us. When they no longer need the data for the service, they will dispose of the details.
Third party service provider
Purpose
OPAYO Europe Limited
Encrypted processing of online transaction payments
Netpay
Payment processing
HM Revenue & Customs
Processing of Gift Aid claims
The Access Group
Booking system support provider
Codeless Platforms Ltd
Website support provider
Semantic Ltd
Website support provider
Taylor Made Computer Solutions
IT Infrastructure support provider
CPIO
Accounts system software support
MJ Events
Event security
A.E.C Protection
Event security
Leith's at Beaulieu
Provision of catering, hospitality and wedding services at Beaulieu
Mailchimp
Secure emails and newsletter broadcast platform
Visible Digital
Customer visit survey platform
AMS Media Group
Media buying agency
The Alarming Company Limited
CCTV monitoring and security services
How do we protect your information?
We understand the concerns you may have about giving your personal details over the internet so we are rigorous about our security procedures. We use up-to-date industry procedures to protect your personal information including the encryption of payment details using SSL technology. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you via our websites.
Please be aware however that the internet is not a 100% secure medium of communication. We cannot therefore guarantee the security of any information you input on the website or send to us on the internet.
Links to other websites
Our privacy policy does not cover the links within our site linking to other third party websites. We cannot be responsible for your protection and privacy when visiting such websites. We therefore encourage you to read the privacy statements on these websites before entering any personal information. Please refer to the liability section on the terms and conditions page for further information regarding links.
How long do we hold your data?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
Your rights
Under the data protection laws, you have the following rights in relation to your personal data.  If you wish to exercise any of them in relation to the personal data we hold about you, please contact data.protection@beaulieu.co.uk or write to the IT Operations Manager, Beaulieu Enterprises Ltd, John Montagu Building, Beaulieu, Hampshire, SO42 7ZN.
Right of access – you have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.
Right of rectification – you have a right to correct data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to be forgotten – in certain circumstances you can ask for the data we hold about you to be erased from our records.
Right to restriction of processing – where certain conditions apply to have a right to restrict the processing.
Right of portability – where relevant you have the right to have the data we hold about you transferred to another organisation.
Right to object – you have the right to object to certain types of processing such as direct marketing.
Right to object to automated processing, including profiling – you also have the right to be subject to the legal effects of automated processing or profiling.
Right to judicial review: in the event that we refuse your request under rights of access, we will provide you with a reason as to why.
Concerns and complaints
If you have any concerns or complaints regarding our data processing approach in relation to your own personal data, please contact data.protection@beaulieu.co.uk in the first instance. Your communication will be acknowledged and then responded to within 1 month.
If you are not satisfied with the outcome you can raise your concern with the Information Commissioner’s Office. For information on how to contact them, visit www.ico.org.uk/concerns
Changes to this Privacy Notice
We keep our data protection notice under regular review. This privacy notice was last updated in May 2018. We may revise this policy at any time.
Share this page
How to contact us
Requests for information about our privacy policy can be sent via email or in writing to:
Beaulieu Enterprises Ltd
John Montagu Building
Beaulieu
Hampshire
SO42 7ZN
Email us
Join the Beaulieu newsletter
For all the latest offers & happenings here...
Join
Notice:
This website would like to remind you that your browser is out of date, for a better experience please upgrade.