https://www.condenast.co.uk/terms/
Important documents and links
Gender Pay Reports
Terms and Conditions
Competition Terms and Conditions
Print and Tablet Advertising Terms and Conditions
Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Code of Conduct
Modern Slavery Statement
SIP
Editorial Complaints Policy
Information notice for job applicants/employees in the
UK
Licensing & Reuse of Content
Editors' Code of Practice
These terms and conditions (as amended from time to time) govern your use of all Services. If you do not agree with
these terms and conditions, please do not use the Service.
If you wish to make a formal complaint about any of the editorial content of either the web or print issue of this
magazine based on the Editors' Code of Practice, please fill out the Editorial Complaints Form located in the Condé
Nast Editorial Complaints Policy
Please review the following terms and conditions carefully before using this Service. You should also read our
Privacy Policy which can be found here or via the links on the Service.
1. Introduction
1.1 This Service is owned and operated by Condé Nast Publications Limited, a company registered in England and
Wales with company number 00226900 with its registered office at Vogue House, Hanover Square, London W1S 1JU.
1.2 Where we use the term "Service" we mean any website, mobile site, app, application and/or other service,
regardless of how distributed, transmitted, published, or broadcast and any related pages and Content, under our
control.
1.3 Where we refer to "Content" we mean all content, information and material, including software, technology,
text, links, posts, messages, emails, music, sound, graphics, pictures, video, games and all audio visual or
other material available on or through the Service, whether posted, uploaded, transmitted, sent or otherwise
made available by us, our licensors, vendors, and/or service providers, or by you, and/or other users or third
parties.
1.4 Where we refer to "Condé Nast", "we", "us" and "our" we mean Condé Nast Publications Limited, its group
companies and assigns and each of our and their respective officers, directors, members, employees,
sub-contractors, agents, and representatives.
1.5 Where we refer to "you" and "your" this means or relates to you the user.
1.6 You understand and agree that we may add to or change these terms and conditions at any time. New terms and
conditions are effective immediately upon posting to the Service. Your continued use of the Service shall
constitute on-going acceptance of these terms and conditions, as updated from time-to-time. We therefore
recommend that you check this page regularly.
2. Age Limit
2.1 You must be at least 16 years of age in order to use the Service.
2.2 We strongly recommend that if you are 16 years of age or older but not yet 18, you ask your parents for
permission before sending any information about yourself to anyone over the internet and we encourage parents to
teach their children about safe internet use practices. Parents can find out more here.
3. Third party links, service providers and linking to the Service
3.1 The Service may include links to services supplied by or operated by third parties including advertisers and
other content providers. We do not control such linked services, and are not responsible for their content,
functionality or legality. Those third parties may collect data or solicit personal information from you; we are
not responsible for the collection, use or disclosure of any information those services may collect. Linking to
any other service or website from this Service is at your own risk.
3.2 The Service may also include certain features, functionality, and/or content that may be hosted,
administered, supplied by or operated by third party service providers, such as social, community and public
discussion areas, photo and video galleries, blogs, auctions, shopping, payment processing. These service
providers may require that you agree to their additional terms, conditions, contracts, agreements and/or rules.
Your compliance with any such additional terms, conditions, contracts, agreements and/or rules is solely your
responsibility and will have no effect on your continuing obligation to comply with these terms and conditions.
Condé Nast specifically disclaims any and all liability in connection with the acts or omissions of such third
party service providers.
3.3 Any service that links to or otherwise interacts with this Service must not
3.3.1 create a frame or any other browser or border environment around our Content, unless previously
agreed with us;
3.3.2 harvest or scrape Content either from our pages, databases or our feeds and reuse for its own or
public use, unless previously agreed with us;
3.3.3 imply that Condé Nast is endorsing it or its products or services;
3.3.4 use any Condé Nast Trade Mark (as defined in clause 8.2 below) without permission from us;
3.3.5 infringe any intellectual property or other right of any person;
3.3.6 contain content that could be construed as illegal, distasteful, offensive, controversial or
otherwise detrimental to Condé Nast's reputation or commercial interests.
3.4 Condé Nast expressly reserves the right to require that any link or activity which is in breach of these
terms and conditions be removed and/or ceased, and to take whatever other action we deem appropriate.
4. Use of the Service by You
4.1 You may retrieve and display Content from this Service on a computer screen or other device, print
individual pages on paper (but not photocopy them) and store such pages in electronic form on disk (but not on
any server or other storage device connected to a network) for your own personal, non-commercial use. You may
not in any way make commercial or other unauthorised use, by publication, re-transmission, distribution,
performance, caching or otherwise, of any Content. You agree to use the Service only for your own personal
non-commercial use and lawful purposes and you acknowledge that your failure to do so may subject you to civil
and criminal liability.
4.2 Notwithstanding anything else in these terms and conditions, you agree not to use the Services:
4.2.1 in any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation;
4.2.2 in any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect;
4.2.3 for the purpose of harming or attempting to harm minors in any way;
4.2.4 to send, knowingly receive, upload, submit download, use or re-use any material which does not
comply with our Acceptable Content Policy below;
4.2.5 to transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional
material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam);
4.2.6 to knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses,
worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer
code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware; or
4.2.7 to copy, harvest, crawl, index, scrape, spider, mine, gather, extract, compile, obtain, aggregate,
capture, or store any Content, including without limitation photos, images, text, music, audio, videos,
podcasts, data, software, source or object code, algorithms, statistics, analysis, formulas, indexes,
registries, repositories, or any other information available on or through the Service, including by an
automated or manual process or otherwise;
4.3 Other than connecting to Condé Nast's servers by HTTP requests using a web browser, you may not attempt to
gain access to Condé Nast's servers by any means, including, without limitation, by using administrator
passwords or by masquerading as an administrator while using the Service or otherwise.
4.4 You agree not to disrupt, modify or interfere with the Service or its associated software, hardware and
servers in any way, and you agree not to impede or interfere with others' use of the Service.
4.5 To the extent the Service includes an download of software such as an app, you agree not to (and not to
attempt to or encourage others to): (i) use the software or app for any use or purpose other than as expressly
permitted by these terms and conditions; or (ii) copy, adapt, modify, reverse engineer, decompile disassemble,
otherwise tamper with, prepare derivative works based upon, distribute, license, sell, transfer, publicly
display, publicly perform, transmit, stream, broadcast or otherwise exploit the software or app or any portion
of the software or app, except as expressly permitted in these terms and conditions.
5. Content by You or other users
5.1 "UGC" means any Content that you or other users upload, submit or make available to the Service.
5.2 You understand that your communications on the Service are not private or confidential and may be viewed by
others accessing the Service.
5.3 Our Privacy Policy also applies to UGC.
5.4 We reserve the right to, but undertake no duty to, review, edit, move or delete any UGC in our sole
discretion and without notice.
5.5 We do not endorse, support, sanction, encourage, verify or agree with the comments, opinions or statements
posted as UGC. Any information or material placed online by other users of the Service, including advice and
opinions, is the view and responsibility of those users and does not represent the view of Condé Nast. You agree
that, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we have no responsibility or liability to you for UGC
including for any failure to or delay in removing UGC. If you have a complaint about any UGC, see the Complaints
section below.
5.6 You are solely responsible for your UGC and may be held liable for UGC that you post. In this regard, you
agree that you will comply with the following Acceptable Content Policy and not submit UGC that:
5.6.1 Is hateful, abusive, racist, discriminatory, sexually offensive, obscene, vulgar, defamatory,
threatening to another user, promotes violence, is infringing of third party rights (such as copyright,
trademark, trade secret or any other personal or proprietary rights, or confidentiality), invasive of
personal privacy or publicity rights, disruptive to the flow of chat or in our reasonable view,
otherwise objectionable.
5.6.2 impersonates another person (including celebrities), indicates falsely that you are an employee or
a representative of Condé Nast or its companies or business partners.
5.6.3 you do not own or have the rights to submit or that is illegal.
5.6.4 promotes any form of illegal activity including (by way of example) hacking, drug taking,
terrorism, cracking or distribution of counterfeit software.
5.6.5 contains advertising, promotions or commercial solicitations of any kind or could constitute junk
mail, chain letters, pyramid schemes, or other commercial activities.
5.6.6 imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the Service's infrastructure, or
otherwise adversely affects, restricts or inhibits any other user from using and enjoying the Service;
5.6.7 contains any virus, Trojan horse, worm, time bomb, cancelbot or other similar harmful programming
routine.
5.7 When you submit UGC, you grant us a non-exclusive, royalty free, perpetual (i.e. lasting forever),
worldwide, irrevocable licence to exploit it in any manner or form and in any medium or forum, whether now known
or hereafter devised, without notice, payment or attribution of any kind to you or any third party and you
waive, and agree not to assert any moral or similar rights you may have in your UGC.
6. Competitions and Prizes
From time to time we may run competitions, free prize draws and promotions on the Service. These are subject to
the Competition Terms & Conditions and/or separate terms and conditions that will be made available in each
instance.
7. Additional Rules
We reserve the right to post, from time to time, additional terms and conditions that apply to specific parts of
the Service. Such additional terms and conditions will be posted in the relevant parts of the Service, and will
be clearly identified. Your use of those parts of the Service constitutes your agreement to those additional
terms and conditions.
8. Intellectual Property Rights
8.1 All Content and other material on the Service is owned by us or our third party licensors (and is protected
by international copyright, trade dress, design, patent, and trade mark laws, international conventions, and
other laws protecting intellectual property and related proprietary rights). All such rights are reserved to us
and our licensors.
8.2 You acknowledge that 'Vogue', 'House and Garden', 'Tatler', 'GQ', 'GQ Style', 'The World of Interiors',
'Vanity Fair', 'Condé Nast Traveller', 'Glamour', 'LOVE', 'Wired', 'Condé Nast Johansens' and 'Condé Nast
College of Fashion and Design' and any other brands or logos that belong to us within the Service are Condé Nast
trade marks (the "Condé Nast Trade Marks") and that you may not use them without written permission from Condé
Nast.
8.3 You agree not to remove, obscure, or alter any copyright, patent, trade mark, or other proprietary rights
notices appearing on the Service. You may not sell, license, distribute, copy, modify, publicly perform or
display, transmit, publish, edit, adapt, create derivative works from.
8.4 Making unauthorised copies of Content found on this Service may result in the prohibition of your use of the
Service and further legal action.
9. Directories Disclaimer
Condé Nast Directories has not verified the suppliers listed in this advertising directory and any contact you
make with the advertisers, including products or services you obtain from them, is done so entirely at your
risk.
10. Complaints
10.1 We respect the intellectual property and other rights of others, and we ask our users to do the same. We
may, in appropriate circumstances and at our discretion, terminate the access of users who infringe the rights
of others.
10.2 Copyright: If you believe that your work has been copied and is accessible on the Service in a way that
constitutes copyright infringement, or that the Service contains links or other references to another online
location that contains material or activity that infringes your copyright, please contact us.
10.3 Defamation: If you believe that another user has defamed you on the site through their UGC, please follow
this link to inform us. You will need to give use certain information to allow us to investigate properly.
11. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify Condé Nast and its licensors, vendors, suppliers, service providers, and their respective
officers, directors, members, employees, sub-contractors, agents, and representatives, and to hold them harmless
from any and all claims, actions, suits and liabilities, losses, damages, costs and expenses (including legal
fees) that may arise from your UGC, from your unauthorised use of our Content, or from your breach of these
terms and conditions.
12. Disclaimer of Warranty and Limitation of Liability
12.1 To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you expressly agree that your use of the Service is at
your own risk. The Service is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis for your use, and to the extent
permitted by applicable law, Condé Nast and its licensors, vendors, suppliers, service providers, and their
respective officers, directors, members, employees, sub-contractors, agents, and representatives hereby
expressly disclaim any and all warranties, express and implied, including but not limited to any warranties of
accuracy, reliability, title, merchantability, non-infringement, fitness for a particular purpose or any other
warranty, condition, guarantee or representation, whether oral, in writing or in electronic form, including but
not limited to the accuracy or completeness of any information contained therein or provided by the Service.
12.2 Condé Nast does not represent or warrant that access to the Service will be uninterrupted or that there
will be no failures, errors or omissions or loss of transmitted information, or that no viruses will be
transmitted on the Service. We do not guarantee that you will be able to access or use the Service at times or
locations of your choosing, or that we will have adequate capacity for the Service as a whole or in any specific
geographic area.
12.3 In no event shall Condé Nast or its licensors, vendors, suppliers, service providers, and their respective
officers, directors, members, employees, sub-contractors, agents, and representatives, be liable for direct,
indirect, special, consequential or punitive damages arising from your use of the Service, the internet or for
any other claim related in any way to your use of the Service, including for viruses alleged to have been
obtained from the Service, your use of or reliance on the Service or any of the information or materials
available on the Service, regardless of the type of claim or the nature of the cause of action, even if advised
of the possibility of such damages. Because some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of
liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such jurisdictions, liability shall be limited to the full
extent permitted by law. Condé Nast does not endorse, warrant or guarantee any third party product or service
offered through the Service and will not be a party to or in any way be responsible for monitoring any
transaction between you and third-party providers of products or services.
12.4 Liability will not be limited in the case of fraudulent misrepresentations, death or personal injury
directly caused by their negligence, or any other liability to the extent such liability cannot be excluded or
limited as a matter of applicable law.
13. Termination
We have the right to terminate your use of or ability to access the Service, for any reason, without notice.
14. Privacy Policy
The information that you provide about yourself to us or otherwise collected by us about you will only be used
by Condé Nast in accordance with our Privacy Policy
15. Brand Safety Policy
Condé Nast values our advertisers and takes brand safety very seriously.
In order to achieve this and minimise the risk of misplaced ads we have strict internal policies that we
adhere to for all campaigns we manage.
All digital advertising campaigns are managed by our in-house Ad-Operations team using the latest technology
and verification techniques and served through Google DoubleClick for Publishers, our ad server.
All ads placed on our sites:
vogue.co.uk, gq-magazine.co.uk, glamourmagazine.co.uk,
wired.co.uk, cntraveller.com, houseandgarden.co.uk,
tatler.com, arstechnica.com, vanityfair.com, thelovemagazine.co.uk.
Are placed in a high quality, brand safe editorial environment for advertisers with no user generated
content.
No ads are placed on third party sites.
In the unfortunate event that an advert is displayed on content the advertiser considers inappropriate, Condé
Nast will remove this advert within no more than 24 hours.
Upon raising this issue our Ad Operations team will remove any activity deemed in breach of our contractual
obligations.
Condé Nast partners with third party technologies including Google Double Click, Rubicon and Teads to deliver
efficient ad serving.
16. General
In the event that any term of these terms and conditions is held to be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder
of the terms and conditions shall remain valid and enforceable. These terms and conditions are governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of
the courts of England and Wales. If you need any help or have any questions, please feel free to contact us at
the postal or email address set out at the head of these terms and conditions.