http://www.wyes.org/about/privacy/
PRIVACY POLICYTHANK YOU for visiting the WYES website. We encourage you to visit our site often to keep informed about programming and special events. WYES is committed to protecting the privacy of our online donors by maintaining high security standards.MAKING A MEMBERSHIP PLEDGEIn order to contribute on WYES online, we will ask you to provide the information necessary to process and service your membership: name, address, phone number, e-mail address, credit card number and any appropriate gift selection(s). This information is encrypted for your security and is only seen by our membership staff, who processes your gift, and our secure server administrator at ewebsystem.com.USE OF INFORMATIONWYES maintains/respects the privacy of our donors by not selling, exchanging or lending any information provided by donors, to third parties except that which ensures fulfillment on the part of WYES toward a pledge (i.e.: names and addresses provided for the sole purpose of fulfilling a magazine subscription. These names are given to the magazine for the sole purpose of fulfilling the subscription promised by WYES. Selling, exchanging or lending of this information by the magazine is strictly prohibited.)SECURITYWYES makes every effort to ensure that all of the transactions that occur on its Web site are secure. All information, including credit card numbers, submitted to the site are encrypted with 128-bit “Secure Socket Layer” (SSL) encryption, which is the industry standard for information security and is used by more than 100,000 Web sites in more than fifty countries. Any personal information you submit with your pledge is encrypted and completely secure. Even in the unlikely event that the information you send is intercepted; it is nearly impossible to decrypt the information.Your peace of mind and security is very important to us. If you do not feel comfortable submitting your personal information online, you can make your pledge by calling us at (504) 486-5511.ACCEPTANCE OF WYES WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY TERMS AND CONDITIONSThe privacy policy refers solely to the WYES website and does not cover web sites that are linked from here, such as PBS and other corporate funders – although we encourage our partners, contributors and other third parties to implement policies and practices that respect your privacy. By using the WYES site, you signify your agreement to the terms and conditions of this WYES Online Privacy Policy. In order to improve the service we provide to you, we reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for any changes. Your continued use of the WYES web site following the posting of any changes to these terms shall mean that you have accepted those changes. If you have any questions or concerns, please email us at info@wyes.org.