http://www.avaaonline.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Austin Visual Arts Associationa non-profit arts organization composed of working artists and supporters of the arts.
Home
About
AVAA Programs
AVAA Studios
AVAA Life Drawing
Community Outreach
Austin Visual Arts Awards
Greater Tomorrow Youth Art Program
Austin ArtSpace
News & Updates
Join Us
AVAA Members
Contact
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Austin Visual Arts Association collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the AVAAOnline website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Austin Visual Arts Association.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Austin Visual Arts Association may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
– To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
– To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
– To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
– To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
Austin Visual Arts Association has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Austin Visual Arts Association
AVAAOnline
Austin Visual Arts Association 1700 Alcove Ct. Austin, TX 78757
512.457.0075
info@avaaonline.org
This document was last updated on September 01, 2013
"The purpose of art is washing the dust of daily life off our souls."
Pablo Picasso
Recent News and Updates
AVAA Members Show Opens At ArtSpace Sept. 28thAVAA Members Show At Austin ArtSpace-Call for entriesAVAA Summer Show On Display – Austin ArtSpace
This project is supported in part by the Cultural Arts Division of the City of Austin Economic Development Department.
About
AVAA Programs
Community Outreach
AVAA Studios
Austin Art Space
News & Updates
Join Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Find us on Facebook
Copyright © 2017 Austin Visual Arts Association · All Rights Reserved · Site by Visage Creative · Log in