https://www.pembrokeshirecoast.wales/planning/planning-policy/local-development-plan-2/local-development-plan-replacement-stages/submission/
Jump to Main content
Highlight Links
High contrast Mode
Readable Fonts
Greyscale Mode
Invert Mode
XClose this tab
Search for:
Search
The replacement Pembrokeshire Coast National Park Local Development Plan (Local Development Plan 2) (2015-2031) has been submitted to the Welsh Government for independent examination under section 64(1) of the Planning and Compulsory Purchase Act 2004 on 7 December 2018.
Click the link to view the Local Development Plan 2 Submission Statement.
The Examination will be carried out by an Independent Inspector appointed by the Planning Inspectorate.
LDP Submission Documents
(SD01) The Deposit Replacement Local Development Plan 2015-2031
(SD02) Sustainability Appraisal/Strategic Environment Assessment
(SD03) Habitats Regulations Assessment (HRA)
(SD04) Equalities Impact Assessment (EqIA)
(SD05) Focussed Changes (approved National Park Authority 28 November 2018)
Supporting Documents
(SD06) Delivery Agreement
(SD07) Review Report
(SD08) Candidate Site Register
(SD09) New and Amended Sites (Preferred Strategy Stage)
(SD10) New and Amended Sites (Deposit Stage)
(SD11) Consultation Report
(SD12) Background Papers
Next Steps
Mrs Caroline Llewellyn has been appointed as Programme Officer to assist in taking the Examination forward. The Programme Officer will act as a point of contact between the Authority, Representors and the Inspector, and will ensure the Examination runs smoothly. She is based at the National Park Authority Office, Pembroke Dock and can be contacted through email: programmeofficer@pembrokeshirecoast.org.uk or by telephone on 01646 624800 / 07773 932339. It is expected that the Independent Examination will be held sometime in the New Year 2019.
The Programme Officer will write to those on our mailing list separately to advise you of the dates and the future timetable regarding the Local Development Plan.
More on Local Development Plan 2
Supplementary Planning Guidance (LDP2)
Read more
Sustainability Appraisal Scoping Report
The Sustainability Appraisal Scoping Report sets out the sustainability appraisal issues and objectives/criteria against which the Replacement Local D...
Read more
Preparation Stages
These are the stages in preparing a replacement Local Development Plan.
Read more
LDP Review Report
The Review Report sets out where changes are required, what needs to change and why, based on evidence.
Read more
Delivery Agreement
The Delivery Agreement is a public statement that contains a Timetable for preparing a Revision of a Local Development Plan setting out how and when s...
Read more
Community Council Workshops
Community and Town Councils can provide a central source of information for their local communities, help to raise awareness of the LDP process and ar...
Read more
Background papers
These Background Papers will be updated and added to throughout the preparation of the Plan.
Read more
Appraisal Processes
Environmental, Social and Economic Appraisals for Local Development Plan 2
Read more
Get In Touch
Contact us and register your details to get the latest updates on what's happening in the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park.
Contact Us
Cookie Policy
To help us make this website better, the cookie settings are set to ‘allow all cookies’. If you continue without changing these settings, you consent to this – for more information and to change this at any time, see our cookie policy and privacy policy.
I understand
View Basket
Checkout
Continue Shopping