http://www.mosartic.com/privacy/
Skip to main content
This policy covers the use and navigation of our website, Mosartic HVAC Guide. For any questions or comments about our privacy practices, please feel free to contact us using the contact details we have on the website for you.
INFORMATION COLLECTION
Use of our site, Mosartic HVAC Guide, allows us to gather certain information from our visitors such as your internet service provider (ISP), your computer’s IP address, browser type and software, surfing preferences, and other technical details. We may also collect information that can be used to personally identify you such as your name and other important contact details when you use certain features of our site.
Our website also utilizes cookies and other similar technologies to save small yet significant data to your computer when you access our site. You may opt to refuse cookies by changing your browser settings or your internet security software settings.
ANALYTICS
Mosartic HVAC Guide uses any information from you to perform analytics on the efficiency of the website and perform any necessary upgrade or changes to our site’s content. Personal information gathered from you will be solely used for communication purposes which will allow us to keep track of issues or complaints sent to us via our website.
DISCLOSURE AND TRANSFER OF DATA
Any personal data gathered from our visitors will not be disclosed or shared to any third party. You can trust us to adhere to this privacy policy because this is part of what we do.
Thank you for visiting Mosartic HVAC Guide! Please feel free to regularly check on this page for any updates or changes to the policy.
Recent Posts
Does Air Pollution Cause Mental Health Issues?
What Appliances Should You Be Buying Warranties For?
Steps to Unclogging Your Clogged Kitchen Sink
Problems with High Humidity
Pet Dander – Indoor Air Quality Disturbance
December 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
« Nov
123456
78910111213
14151617181920
21222324252627
28293031