https://www.allsaintskingston.co.uk/cookie-policy
About Us
About Us
Community
Worship
Services
Music
Music at Services
Anthems
Choir
Music Hire
Bells
Organ
Baptisms, Weddings & Funerals
Children
Sermons & Talks
Archives
Anthems
Pew Sheets
Saints Alive
Visit Us
Visit Us
Events
Getting here
Shop
Heritage
Heritage
Timeline
Where England Began
Memorials
Stained Glass
East Surrey Memorial Chapel
St Mary’s Chapel
Seven Saxon Kings
Architecture
All Saints’ musical traditions
Organ
Learning
Learning
Schools
Family Learning
Adult Learning
Events
Calendar of Events
List of Upcoming Events
Book the Church
Getting here
Get Involved
Get Involved
Contact
Contact
Getting here
Cookie Policy
All Saints Church, Kingstond – Cookie Policy
Last updated – 14th August 2015
Introduction
Our website, like almost all websites, uses cookies.
This website uses implied consent in regards to our cookie policy. Meaning by using this website, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy. We have chosen this method as it is the least intrusive way of complying with the ‘Cookie Law’.
You can change your cookie settings at any time. Otherwise, it is assumed you are happy to continue using our website.
About cookies
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies can be used by web servers to identity and track users as they navigate different pages on a website and identify users returning to a website.
Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies.
A persistent cookie consists of a text file sent by a web server to a web browser, which will be stored by the browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date (unless deleted by the user before the expiry date).
A session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
Our cookies
We use only use one session cookie on this website, the details are:
Cookie
PHP session cookie
Purpose
Business
session cookie
The PHPSESSID cookie is native to PHP and enables websites to store serialised state data. On the Action website it is used to establish a user session and to pass state data via a temporary cookie, which is commonly referred to as a session cookie. As the PHPSESSID cookie has no timed expiry, it disappears when the client is closed.
Cookie name
PHPSESSID
Third party analytics cookies
When you use our website, you will be sent a third party cookie for Google Analytics, this is to analyse the use of our website.
Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website.
Google will store this information. To find out more about Google’s privacy policy please visit: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
The information for this cookie is:
Cookie
Google Analytics
Purpose
Business
Analytics Provider
__utma, __utmb, __utmc, and __utmz cookies allow us to count page visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. Google stores the information collected by the cookie on servers in the United States. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
Cookie name
__utma
__utmb
__utmc
__utmz
Cookies and personal information
Our cookies do not contain any of your personal information or any information that may identifies you.
Blocking cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. For example:
Internet Explorer – You can block cookies using the cookie handling override settings available by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy” and then “Advanced”
Firefox – You can block all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Options”, “Privacy”, selecting “Use custom settings for history” from the drop-down menu, and unticking “Accept cookies from sites”
Chrome – You can block all cookies by accessing the “Customise and control” menu, and clicking “Settings”, “Show advanced settings” and “Content settings”, and then selecting “Block sites from setting any data” under the “Cookies” heading.
Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
Deleting cookies
You can also delete cookies already stored on your computer. For example:
Internet Explorer – You must manually delete cookie files (you can find instructions for doing so at https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/278835/how-to-delete-cookie-files-in-internet-explorer)
Firefox – You can delete cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Options”, “Privacy” and then “Show Cookies”, and then clicking “Remove All Cookies”.
Chrome – You can delete all cookies by accessing the “Customise and control” menu, and clicking “Settings”, “Show advanced settings” and “Clear browsing data”, and then selecting “Delete cookies and other site and plug-in data” before clicking “Clear browsing data”.
Again, doing this may have a negative impact on the usability of many websites.
Contact us
This website is owned and operated by All Saints Church, Kingston. If you have any questions about our cookies or this cookies policy, please contact us.
Follow us on Pinterest
More Pins
Follow us on Twitter
Don’t miss our Arty Party drop in sessions this Easter! 31st May, 11am-2pm in the heritage gallery #craft #TUIT… https://t.co/WhbHHJDXle
Don’t miss our Arty Party drop in sessions this Easter! 31st May, 11am-2pm in the heritage gallery #craft #TUIT… https://t.co/OR8NiM3H2S
Don’t miss our Arty Party drop in sessions this Easter! 31st May, 11am-2pm in the heritage gallery #craft #TUIT… https://t.co/kVyIbMoJJq
Follow us on Facebook
Contact Us
We use cookies to give you the best online experience. By agreeing you accept the use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy.
I accept
I decline
Cookie Policy