http://www.foxstudiosaustralia.com/privacy-policy
Updated Privacy Policy
Updated 28 May 2019
The Walt Disney Company has acquired certain 21st Century Fox businesses, including those providing the services
described below. This policy has been updated to reflect that transaction. Our Affiliates include members of The
Walt Disney Family of Companies
(“Company
Affiliates”). For further information on Company
Affiliates, please contact Contact Us
Fox Studios Australia Pty Limited (Fox/we/us) recognises the importance of protecting the
privacy of personally identifiable information collected about the companies and other entities who hire
facilities or lease premises from Fox (Customer/s) or who visit (you) the Fox website (Site).
Fox is bound by the Australian Privacy Principles (APP) in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) in relation to the handling
of personal information. Where appropriate, Fox will handle personal information relying on the related bodies
corporate exemption and the employee exemption in the Privacy Act.
Personal Information
Fox collects personal information when Fox provides facilities or services to Customers. Generally Fox will tell
Customers why Fox is collecting information when Fox collects it and how Fox plans to use it or these things
will be obvious when Fox collects the information.
Fox usually collects personal information directly from its Customers although sometimes Fox may use agents or
service providers to do this for Fox. Fox may also acquire lists from other sources, both from other companies
and from other public documents.
Fox also collects personal information when a Customer submits to register for a Fox Service, for example, to
create an account, post comments, receive a newsletter, or enter a contest or sweepstakes.
Use of Information
Fox usually collects personal information such as a Customer’s name, address, telephone number, and in some
instances, a Customer’s financial details.
When you are online, Fox collects information regarding the pages within the Site which you visit and what you
click on. As a general rule Fox does not collect sensitive information. However, if we do, it will usually be
for the purposes of providing our goods and services and if the law requires us to, we will seek your consent to
collect it.
Fox uses Customer information to provide our facilities and services (which may include the display of
personalised content and advertising) to Customers, to fulfil administrative functions associated with these
services, for example billing, to enter into contracts with Customers and for marketing and client relationship
purposes. Fox may use your personally identifiable information to assist us in improving our facilities and
services and we may contact you to let you know about facilities or services which may interest you.
Use by Third Parties
Fox may disclose your information to its service providers and contractors from time to time to help us to
provide and market our facilities and services to you. If we do this we generally require these parties to
protect your information in the same way we do.
Use of Aggregate Data
Fox may collect and use certain non-personal information (e.g., the identity of your Internet browser, the type
of operating system you use, your IP address and the domain name of your Internet service provider) to optimise
our facilities and services (which may include the display of personalised content and advertising) including
our Web pages for your computer.
Fox may use personally identifiable information in aggregate form to improve our facilities and services
including the Site and make them more responsive to the needs of Customers. This statistical compilation and
analysis of information may also be used by Fox or provided to others as a summary report for marketing,
advertising or research purposes.
Security
Fox strives to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of personally identifiable information of Customers. We
use a variety of physical and electronic security measures including restricting physical access to our offices
and firewalls and secure databases to keep personal information secure from misuse, loss or unauthorised use or
disclosure.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure.
Access to Personal Information
You have a right to access most personal information we hold about you and seek a correct to such information. If
we deny access in some circumstances we will tell you why.
To request access, please contact our privacy officer as set out at the end of this document.
Public Information
Any information posted on bulletin boards and/or communicated in chat areas becomes public information. While Fox
strives to protect and respect your privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose in
a chat room or bulletin board.
Cookies
Cookies are data that a Web site transfers to an individual's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies can
facilitate a user's ongoing access to and use of a site. They allow us to track usage patterns and to compile
data that can help us improve our content and target advertising. If you do not want information collected
through the use of Cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to deny or accept the
Cookie feature. But you should note that Cookies may be necessary to provide you with features such as
merchandise transactions or registered services.
Online Links to Third Party Sites
The Site may include links to internet sites operated by other entities. These sites are not operated or
maintained by or on our behalf.
Fox is not responsible for the content or practices of Web sites operated by third parties that are linked to our
sites. These links are meant for the user's convenience only. Links to third party sites do not constitute
sponsorship, endorsement or approval by Fox of the content, policies or practices of those third party sites.
Once you have left our site via such a link, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party
site.
What else you should know about privacy on the Internet
Remember to close your browser when you have finished your user session. This is to ensure that others cannot
access your personal information and correspondence if you share a computer with someone else or are using a
computer in a public place like a library or Internet cafe. You as an individual are responsible for the
security of and access to your own computer.
Whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information over the Internet that this information can be collected
and used by others. In short, if you post personal information in publicly accessible online forums, you may
receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. Ultimately, you are solely responsible for
maintaining the secrecy of your username and passwords and any account information. Please be careful and
responsible whenever you are using the Internet.
For further information
Please contact our Privacy Officer to ask for access to your information or if you have a complaint concerning
your information privacy or if you would like more information about our approach to privacy.
Privacy Officer
Fox Studios Australia
Phone
+61 2 9383 4200
Address
16 38 Driver Avenue Moore Park NSW 2021
Email
Contact Me