http://www.salsacrazy.com/privacy.htm
SALSA HOME
DANCE VIDEOS
SALSA WORLDWIDE
SALSA BLOG
PRESS KIT
REVIEWS
ABOUT SALSA
WELCOME TO SALSACRAZY.COM
WORLDWIDE SALSA DANCE COMMUNITY,
EVENT GUIDE, & SALSA
DANCING NEWS SOURCE FOR THOSE WHO ARE SALSACRAZY!
This is the Privacy Policy of
SalsaCrazy, Inc..
Our postal address is:
SalsaCrazy.com
3701 Sacramento Street Suite #416
San Francisco, CA 94118
We can be reached via e-mail at
info@salsacrazy.com
or you can reach us by telephone at 877.507.3403
We at
www.SalsaCrazy.com promise never to
trade, rent, or sell your information to any unauthorized third party online or
offline
For each visitor to our Web page, our
Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the
e-mail address (where possible).
We collect the domain name and e-mail
address (where possible) of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of
those who post messages to our bulletin board, the e-mail addresses of those who
communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers
access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey
information and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number, fax
number.
The information we collect is used
for internal review and is then discarded, used to customize the content and/or
layout of our page for each individual visitor, used to notify consumers about
updates to our Web site, used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes,
not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes, disclosed when
legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting
an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing
our Web site and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized
use of our Web site.
With respect to cookies: We use
cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items
that consumers add to their shopping cart. If you do not want to receive e-mail
from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above
address, writing to us at the above address. From time to time, we make the
e-mail addresses of those who access our site available to other reputable
organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting. If
you do not want us to share your e-mail address with other companies or
organizations, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above. If
you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings
from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you
do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the
number provided above. Please provide us with your exact name and address. We
will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other
organizations
Persons who supply us with their
telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with
information regarding orders they have placed on-line. Please provide us with
your name and phone number. We will be sure your name is removed from the list
we share with other organizations  With respect to Ad Servers: We do not
partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies. From
time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not
previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change
at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to
notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these
new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should
check back at our Web site periodically. Upon request we offer visitors the
ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information, financial
information. Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail
at the above address.
With respect to security: We have
appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect
against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected
from you at our site. If you feel that this site is not following its stated
information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
|
Contact/Support    |   Write a Review
|   About SalsaCrazy
|   Private Policy
|
Dance San Francisco    |
Salsa Dance Clubs
& Events   |
DanceSF Salsa Classes    |
Salsa Cruise
&
Dance Travel
SalsaCrazy's VIP Salsa Newsletter
Just Enter Your Email:
We respect your email privacy
BE A VIP! Always know what's going
on: The hottest salsa dancing news and events!
Search SalsaCrazy:
Get your Site Salsa Dance
Site
Salsa Ranked!
SalsaCrazy's Local SF
Facebook Group
SalsaCrazy's Global
Facebook Group
San Francisco Salsa Classes
SalsaCrazy Returns in 2012
SalsaCrazy on
AMAZON
Salsa Dance San Francisco
SalsaBootCamp:
Your Online Salsa School
Ballroom + Latin
Dance Video Store!
SalsaDanceDVD.com
Salsa Dance Videos
Copyright (c) 2009 SalsaCrazy,
Inc.™    No
reproduction without prior written consent.