http://www.schoolofwoodworking.com/privacy-policy-statement.html
Winter/ Spring  2021 Class Schedule available. More winter & spring classes coming soon. Click here for more information.
Bob's Articles
Bob's Video's
Class Schedule
Calendar View
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the web site of: Connecticut Valley School of Woodworking.
Our postal address is: 249 Spencer St.Manchester, CT 06040
We can be reached via e-mail at: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. or you can reach us by telephone at: 860-647-0303
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who post messages to our bulletin board, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at the above address, writing us at the above address.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to no information that we have collected and that we maintain about them.
Consumers can have this information corrected by writing to us at the above address.
With respect to security: We always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site, We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
Main Menu
Home
Class Schedule
Class Instructors
Class Registration
Contact Us
Search
Contact & Directions
Lodging
The Workshops
Woodcraft Store
Open House 2020
News Feeds & Blogs
Friends of CVSW
Events
Student Work
Class Images
Testimonials
11/2/2015
Bob,
All I can say is WOW!  Mike Mascelli is absolutely terrific!
Read more ...
5/25/2016
Bob,
I took the weekend woodturning class this weekend with Cory Anderson and just wanted to let you know how fabulous I thought he was.
Read more ...
Privacy Policy | Admin