http://www.rfa.org/about/info/terms-of-use.html
Toggle navigation
HomePressAwardsMissionWho We AreJobs And InternshipsContact UsHelp
Home
| Information
Terms of Use
2007-11-08
Tweet
Print
Share
Email
We welcome the re-use, republication, and distribution of original RFA content published on this website only on the condition that you credit us by including the following information: Copyright © 1998-2020, RFA. Used with the permission of Radio Free Asia, 2025 M St. NW, Suite 300, Washington DC 20036. For any commercial use of RFA content please send an email to: contentrequests@rfa.org. RFA content may not be used in a manner which would give the appearance of any endorsement of any product or support of any issue or political position. Please read the full text of our Terms of Use.
Effective January 2016
Consent to Terms
Please read these Terms of Use before using www.rfa.org or any features of RFA’s website, including, but not limited to, RFA Comments Section, podcasts, and RSS feeds (collectively, the "RFA website" or the "Service"). By using the Service, you agree to abide by and be bound by these terms of use. RFA reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify these terms at any time by posting updated terms of use on the RFA website. You agree to abide and be bound by such modifications, which shall be effective immediately upon posting.
Copyrights
The contents of RFA’s website are protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. RFA welcomes the re-use, republication, and distribution of original RFA content only published on this website on condition that you credit RFA by including the following information: Copyright © 1998-2020, RFA. Used with the permission of Radio Free Asia, 2025 M St. NW, Suite 300, Washington DC 20036. https://www.rfa.org. For any commercial use of RFA content please send an email to: contentrequests@rfa.org. RFA content may not be used in a manner which would give the appearance of any endorsement of any product or support of any issue or political position.
If using an excerpt from the RFA website, RFA requires that such material be designated as an excerpt and that the excerpt shall not alter or distort the fundamental meaning of the original content.
It is strictly prohibited to broadcast or rebroadcast any RFA audio, or to republish any visual or graphic materials found on the RFA website or the websites of its nine language services, except in accordance with these Terms of Use.
Trademarks
Radio Free Asia®, RFA® and RFA program names are service marks of Radio Free Asia, Inc. All rights reserved. You may not use any RFA service marks, logos or graphics without RFA's prior written consent, except that you may use the RFA-provided logo where it is contained in an RFA RSS feed, subject to the requirements set forth below in RFA's RSS Feed policy.
Framing
RFA does not allow framing of its websites.
Links to RFA Websites
RFA is an organization committed to the highest journalistic ethics and standards and to independent, non-commercial journalism. Therefore, linking should not (a) suggest that RFA promotes or endorses any person’s or entity’s causes, ideas, websites, political campaign, products, or services, or (b) use RFA content for any commercial purpose. We reserve the right to withdraw permission for any link.
Links to Third Party Sites
RFA has provided links to Internet sites maintained by third parties, over which RFA has no control. RFA does not endorse the content, operators, products, or services of such sites, and RFA is not responsible or liable for the content, operators, availability, accuracy, quality, advertising, products, services, or other materials on or available from such sites. RFA shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, products, or services available on or through such sites.
RSS Feeds
RFA's RSS feeds, provided by RFA at https://www.rfa.org/english/feed/RSS, consist of headlines, summaries, and links to full news stories. RSS feeds are protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All rights in and to the RSS feeds are reserved to RFA. You may display, excerpt from, and link to the RSS feeds provided that (a) the links redirect the user to the RFA website,(b) the use or display does not suggest that RFA promotes or endorses any other entity’s or person’s causes, ideas, websites, products, or services, (c) the fundamental meaning of the content contained in the RSS feeds, including the headlines and summaries, is not changed or distorted, and (d) you do not modify the news stories or other content that are linked to by the RSS feeds.
Use of the Service
If you display an RSS feed content on your website, weblog or similar application, you must provide attribution to RFA adjacent to the RSS feed content, by including "RFA News Headlines" in text or by displaying the RFA logo contained in the RSS feed, without modification. Any other use of RFA's trademarks, or service marks, or of the RSS feeds is strictly prohibited. For use of the news stories or other content that are linked to by the RSS feeds, please see the Copyright section of these Terms of Use. RFA reserves the right to discontinue providing RSS feeds and to require that you cease accessing or using the RSS feeds, any content contained in the RSS feeds, and/or RFA logo at any time for any reason.
You may not post, upload, or transmit any material or links to material that is libelous, defamatory, false, misleading, obscene, indecent, lewd, pornographic, violent, abusive, threatening, harassing, discriminatory, racist, vulgar, invasive of another’s privacy, constitutes hate speech, or harms minors in any way.
You agree not to impersonate (for example, by using another person’s name or email address) any other person or entity including but not limited to any RFA official or employee in the Comments Section or anywhere on the RFA website.
You may only post, upload, or transmit materials for which you have the copyright authority or other permission to distribute the material electronically. You may not violate, plagiarize, or infringe on the rights of third parties, including copyright, trademark, trade secret, privacy, personal, publicity, moral, or proprietary rights and fiduciary rights (e.g. confidential information or trade secrets). You promise and represent that any posted, uploaded, or transmitted materials is owned by you or in the public domain. No music shall be uploaded to the Comments Section or other parts of the Service.
The Service can only be used for non-commercial purposes. You cannot distribute or otherwise publish any material containing any solicitation of funds, advertising or solicitation for, or endorsement of, goods and services.
You may not post, upload or transmit any software or other material which contains a virus or other harmful code or device. You may not use the Service to distribute chain letters, impersonate others, solicit for criminal activities, distribute mass mailings or "spam" or to gather e-mail addresses for the purpose of sending "spam" to other users of the Service.
You hereby grant RFA a non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, worldwide license to use, copy, sublicense, modify, transmit, publicly perform or display in all media, whether or not now known, any material or comments posted, uploaded, or transmitted by you on the Service.
You are solely responsible for any and all content posted, uploaded, or transmitted using your account. RFA does not and cannot review all content in the RFA Comments Sections. You agree that RFA is not responsible or liable for any materials posted, uploaded, or transmitted on the RFA Comments Sections or through the Service. However, you agree that RFA has the right (but not the obligation) to delete, edit or move any material that it deems, in its sole discretion, to be in violation of the Terms of Use of the RFA Comments Sections or which it otherwise, in its sole discretion, considers to be objectionable or contrary to RFA policy.
RFA cannot verify the accuracy of statements that users place on in the Comments Sections, and does not guarantee that any material has been posted with the permission of the copyright or proprietary owner or is otherwise in compliance with these Terms of Use.
You acknowledge that RFA has the right to limit or terminate access to the RFA the Comments Section for any reason, including violation of these Terms of Use.
Representations; Indemnity
If you use the Service, including the RFA Comments Section, or submit essays, e-mails or other information via www.rfa.org, you agree to abide by and be bound by the following:
Disclaimer
You represent and warrant that (a) any material you post, upload or transmit on an RFA Comments Section or on or through the Service does not and will not violate these Terms of Use, and (b) your use of the Service complies with these Terms of Use. You agree that you will indemnify and hold harmless RFA and its directors, officers, employees, members and licensees from any and all claims, liabilities, costs or expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising from (1) your breach of any of the above representations and warranties, (2) your use of the Service, (3) the materials you have posted, uploaded or transmitted in the RFA Comments or on or through the Service, or (4) RFA's publication, distribution or use of such materials. RFA DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, LIMITED, GENERAL, OR OTHER. RFA’S SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS-IS” BASIS. RFA DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. NOR DOES RFA MAKE ANY WARRANTIES AS TO THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM USE OF THE SERVICE OR AS TO THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY OR CONTENT OF ANY INFORMATION, SERVICE, PRODUCTS, OPINIONS, OR STATEMENTS AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SERVICE OR THROUGH LINKS ON THE SERVICE. USE OF THIS SERVICE IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. IN NO EVENT WILL RFA, ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, OR EMPLOYEES BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE.
Copyright Agent
RFA respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, provide the following information in writing to RFA's Copyright Agent:
a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright.
a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed.
a description of the material that you claim to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information sufficient to permit us to locate the material.
your contact information such as address, telephone number and e-mail address.
a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
a statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of a copyright that is allegedly infringed.
RFA's Copyright Agent can be reached as follows: contact@rfa.org
International Users
The Service is controlled and operated within the United States. If you access the Service from a location outside the United States, you are responsible for compliance with applicable laws, including U.S. export laws and regulations.
Miscellaneous
These Terms of Use, together with the Privacy Policy, represent the entire understanding of the parties regarding the use of the RFA websites and supersede any previous documents, correspondence, conversations, or other oral or written understanding related to these terms of use.
These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed under District of Columbia law without regard to its choice of law rules, and, where applicable, the laws of the United States. All requests for RFA content to be distributed within the United States and U.S. territories must comply with the U.S. information and Educational Exchange Act of 1948, known as the Smith-Mundt Act. For more information on Smith-Mundt, visit https://www.usagm.gov/who-we-are/oversight/legislation/smith-mundt-faqs/.
To the extent permissible by law, any disputes under these terms of use or relating to the Service shall be litigated in the local or Federal courts located, and you hereby consent to personal jurisdiction and venue, in the District of Columbia. A modification or waiver of a part of these terms of use shall not constitute a waiver or modification of any other portion of the terms of use.
If for any reason any provision of these terms of use is found unenforceable, that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible, and the remainder of the terms of use will continue in full force and effect.
Print
Share
Email
Awards
Radio Free Asia Video Series Wins National Murrow Award
Radio Free Asia Uyghur Reporter Wins ‘Courage in Journalism’ Award
Radio Free Asia’s Great Famine Documentary Wins at New York Festivals Radio Awards
Radio Free Asia Features Recognized at 2019 New York Festivals Radio Awards
More Awards …
Press Releases
Radio Free Asia Video Series Wins National Murrow Award
Radio Free Asia Condemns Arrest of Vietnamese Blogger
Radio Free Asia Uyghur Reporter Wins ‘Courage in Journalism’ Award
RFA President Renews Call for Release of RFA Journalists, Family Members
More Press Releases …
In The News
RFA in the News (November 2020)
RFA in the News (October 2020)
RFA in the News (September 2020)
RFA in the News (August 2020)
More RFA in the News …
Terms of Use