https://www.brb.org.uk/terms-of-use
UPDATE: Latest news on performances of The NutcrackerBasketMy AccountWhat's On Shows Venues Calendar First Steps BRB + Groups The Company Dancers & Ballet Staff Royal Ballet Sinfonia Staff The Jerwood Centre Jobs News & Features Get Involved Dance Track Community Groups Ballet Training Schools & Colleges LEAP Ambassadors Freefall Dance Company Volunteering opportunities Join and Support Make a donation The Dancers' Circle BRB Friends Corporate Opportunities The De Valois Legacy Circle Trusts & Foundations Shop Shop Brandon Lawrence for Dansez DonateMy AccountBasketSearchOverviewThis website is operated by Birmingham Royal Ballet a company limited by guarantee ('Birmingham Royal Ballet', 'BRB', 'we' or 'us') of Thorp Street, Birmingham B5 4AU. Our registered number is 3320538, our charity registration number is 1061012 and our VAT number is 232 5263 33. You can contact us by e-mail at enquiries@brb.org.ukThis is a legal document ('Agreement', which sets out your rights and obligations, and those of 'BRB'), in relation to this website (the 'Site'), and the material of all types that you gain access to on and through the Site ('Content'). We have a separate privacy policy which governs our use of your personal information.You consent to the terms of this Agreement every time you access any part of the Site or make use of any of the Content.Intellectual PropertyThe term 'Content' includes, but is not limited to, all text, graphics and images, which appear on the Site, and the design, look and feel of the Site itself. Each item of Content is protected by copyright and other intellectual property rights which are either owned by BRB or licensed to it by a third party. Where downloads of third party software are made available on the Site, they are owned by the third party licensor in question, and will be subject to any terms and conditions applied by the relevant third party. The Site may contain proprietary notices (such as moral rights and trade mark notices) and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and followed.Use of Content We permit you to use the Site and its Content for the purposes for which it is intended on an individual computing device having a single central processing unit. You may download to a local hard disk and print extracts from the Site. With the exception of information in the press release section of the Site which may be reproduced by journalists (for journalistic purposes only) you are not (save to the extent permitted by law) otherwise entitled to copy, distribute or transmit any of the Content, or to incorporate any of it into any website (except by way of linkage in accordance with 'Linking to the Site' below) or other work whatsoever, nor may you broadcast, publish or facilitate any public performance of Content.Accuracy of ContentWhile every effort is made to ensure that the Content is accurate and complete it may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. All Content is provided 'as is' for information purposes only and without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. We would therefore advise you in instances where you seek to rely on the Content, that you check the accuracy of the Content by some other means. For example, we would advise contacting relevant theatres directly to confirm dates and times of performances. All information about venues and performance times on this Site is necessarily subject to change, sometimes at short notice.Linking to the SiteWe encourage businesses and others to link their sites to the Site. However, if you wish to establish a link to the Site or any of its Content, you must ensure that the link does not open with a frameset from another website.Links from the SiteBRB is not responsible for the content of third party sites accessible via a link to the Site. They are independent of BRB, and their content is not endorsed or approved by us, even where the third party in question is stated to be a 'partner' of BRB. If you agree to purchase goods or services offered on or through those third party sites, such as (but not limited to) travel bookings, merchandise and services, the resulting agreement will be entirely between you and the relevant third party; we will not be involved in, or have any responsibility under, those agreements.Community ActivityIn parts of the Site you may be enabled to interact with other users or with BRB, through (for example) message boards and e-mail. You agree that any such interaction by you or through your e-mail address will not: infringe the intellectual property or other rights of any person or entity; breach any applicable law, relating to use of e-mail or message boards; be offensive, obscene, pornographic, insulting, false, unreliable or misleading. You also agree that we may remove any postings or other interaction in our entire discretion.Buying Products on our Website All requests to purchase products via the Site are subject to availability. In addition BRB reserves the right not to supply products to any individual for any reason whatsoever. There is no binding contract for the purchase of products ordered via the Site until we notify you by e-mail that your order has been accepted. In the event that we decide not to accept your order for products we will refund any money you have paid within a reasonable time.All contracts for the supply of products which result from us accepting an order made via the Site are made subject to our standard terms and conditions for the sale of products which are governed by English law. Personal InformationYou may provide certain personal details to us when you register for the Site, such as your name, your e-mail address, and your geographic address. We will use this information in accordance with our privacy policy.Changes to this Agreement If we make any changes to this Agreement, your use of the Site and its Content following the date of that change will be governed by the changed Agreement.LiabilityYour attention is brought to the paragraph headed 'Accuracy of Content' above and you are reminded that BRB considers following the advice in that paragraph to be an obligation on your part in respect of your use of this site. BRB will not be liable for losses that were not foreseeable to both parties when the contract was made; or for losses that were not caused by any breach on the part of BRB; or for business losses and/or losses to non-consumers. Nothing in this Agreement limits BRB’s liability for death or personal injury resulting from BRB’s negligence.Territory and LawsThe Site is provided from England and Wales for access and use by people both there and elsewhere. If you visit the Site from outside England and Wales, you are, in effect, visiting the territory of England and Wales. Accordingly, you acknowledge that the laws of England and Wales apply to your use of the Content and govern this Agreement, and that BRB takes no responsibility to ensure the conformance of the Content or the Site to your country’s laws.