http://www.bobmarley.com/privacy-policy
Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy is effective as of February 6, 2020.BobMarley.com (the “Website”) is operated by Tuff Gong Worldwide Inc. (the “Company”). Privacy is a top priority. We are aware that we are responsible for personal information under our control. The Company has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to our visitors’ privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the Website. By using the Website, you signify that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”), as well as the Company’s Terms of Use.The Company’s Privacy Policy (and any revisions thereto) is designed to help you understand how we collect and use the personal information you decide to share, and help you make informed decisions when using the Website. This Privacy Policy shall govern all information collected from or posted at the Website, and the use of the personal information you decide to share. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add or delete portions of this Privacy Policy at any time without further notice. If we do this, we will post the changes to this Privacy Policy on the Website and will indicate at the top of the page the Privacy Policy’s effective date. Your continued use of the Website after any such change constitutes your acceptance of the new Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to be bound by these or any revisions thereto, please do not use or access the Website. It is your responsibility to regularly review this Privacy Policy.Information We CollectYou may browse portions of our Website without providing us with any personal information about yourself. However, in order to download music, purchase one of our product or service offerings, participate in one of our contests or surveys, or use other interactive features of the Website, you will need to provide us with your personal information, including without limitation your name, address, date of birth, email address and phone number, and your payment information, including your credit card number or payment account information. We may also collect demographic information that is not unique to you such as your ZIP code, musical preferences, gender, income level and interests. We may also collect information about the types, frequency and identity of music you stream and download, and your history of purchasing or using our products and/or services. Sometimes we collect or may collect a combination of these types of information.How We Use This InformationWe only obtain the necessary amount of personal information necessary to provide a service or product.The information we collect is used to:Fulfill your request for a download, a product, information or other serviceProcess your entry into one of our contests or sweepstakesRespond to an email or other request by youDeliver to you our newsletters, surveys, or promotionsNotify users on updates about the WebsiteShip products to consumers and inform those consumers about their ordersImprove the function of the WebsiteProcess payments We do not sell, rent, or lease our customer information to third parties for marketing purposes. In order to help provide our services, we occasionally provide information in the aggregate to our business partners to help them make better decisions about the content they make available to our users. We use trusted, third party companies to assist us in fulfilling orders and processing credit card payments. These companies are only given the necessary amount of personal information needed to complete the task and payment information is destroyed upon completion of the order. Any such transfer of information will remain subject to the limitations of this privacy statement.Finally, the Company may disclose personal information in special cases: (1) when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) the rights of the Company or to anyone that could be harmed by such activities; (2) when we believe in good faith that the law requires it or at the request of a government agency; (3) to any third party who may acquire the Company; and (4) in situations involving threats to the physical safety of any person.We want to communicate with you via email correspondence only if you want to hear from us. If for any reason you would no longer like to receive promotional or informational email messages from the Company, you may remove yourself from our mailings by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of every email we send to you. Please allow up to 10 days for us to process your request. Please note, if you opt not to receive marketing emails from the Company, you may still receive “Transactional” email messages regarding your orders (i.e. order confirmation, shipping information, customer service notifications, etc.) If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, please contact us.ConsentPersonal information will only be collected, used or disclosed with a visitor’s knowledge and consent, except where required or permitted by law. Consent can be expressed, and in some cases implied, verbally, in writing, by using or not using a check-off box or by your conduct, such as using certain services. It will never be a requirement to obtain a service or product except where necessary to be able to supply that product or service. Visitors may withdraw their consent at any time, subject to legal or contractual restrictions. If you would like to withdraw your consent please contact us.Use/Disclosure Of Non-Personal InformationThe Company may also collect, store or accumulate certain non-personally identifiable information concerning your use of our Website, such as information regarding which of our pages are most popular, your IP address, browser, city, time zone, and operating system. This information is not linked to your personal information. Information gathered may be used in aggregate form for internal business purposes, such as generating statistics, developing marketing plans, customizing content, and improving the Website. We may share or transfer such aggregate, non-personally identifiable information with or to our affiliates, licensees and partners.Posting Content on the WebsitePlease remember that if you post any of your personal information to the Website, such information may be collected and used by others over whom we have no control. We are not responsible for the use made by third parties of information you post or otherwise make available on the Website.Permission To Use Your ContentBy transmitting any information, identification, suggestions, material, or other content (collectively, “content’) via the Website or otherwise to the Company, you automatically grant the Company the royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, redistribute, transmit, perform and display such content (in whole or part) worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed for the full term of any rights that may exist in such content. Further, the Company is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, techniques and suggestions contained in any communications you send to this Website for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to creating, manufacturing and marketing products and/or services using such information, all without compensation to you. The provisions of this paragraph shall continue to apply even if/when you are no longer a user of the Website.Use of CookiesWith respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors’ preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart. This is done to enhance the browsing and shopping experience of the visitors. If you disable cookies, you may not be able to access all of the Website’s features. Disabling cookies can also interrupt audio and cause breaks in navigation.Third Party AdvertisingAdvertisements that appear on the Website are sometimes delivered (or “served”) directly to users by third party advertisers. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. These third party advertisers may also download cookies to your computer, or use other technologies such as JavaScript and “web beacons” (also known as “1×1 gifs”) to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content. Doing this allows the advertising network to recognize your computer each time they send you an advertisement in order to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content. In this way, they may compile information about where individuals using your computer or browser saw their advertisements and determine which advertisements are clicked. Third party advertisers have no access to your contact information stored on the Website unless you choose to share it with them. This privacy policy covers the use of cookies by the Company and does not cover the use of cookies or other tracking technologies by any of its advertisers.Third Party (External) SitesNeither the Company nor its affiliates are responsible for the privacy practices or the content of external sites linked from the Website. We include them as references on the Website for the benefit of visitors who’d like to read more topics related to the main featured page content. At the time of linking, we take care to peruse the source content, but due to the dynamic nature of the Web, it is impossible for us to stay on top of all external links we reference on our site.Children Under The Age Of 13The Company does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register on the Website. If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 13 is allowed to provide any personal information to the Company. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 we will delete that information as quickly as possible.Children Between The Ages Of 13 And 18The Company does recommend that minors over the age of 13 ask their parents for permission before purchasing, downloading or accessing any of the Company’s product offerings or Website content.SecurityWith respect to security we use industry-standard encryption technologies such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol, when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site. Although no use of the Internet is 100% secure, we have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site. Please note that we cannot guarantee the security of user information. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of user information at any time.Control of Your InformationUpon request we provide site visitors with access to unique identifier information (e.g., customer number or password) that we maintain about them, transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them, communications that the consumer/visitor has directed to our site (e.g., e-mails, customer inquiries), contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them , a description of information that we maintain about them. Consumers can access this information through the various account settings features on the web site, by writing to us using the email address or writing to us at the address below. We will attempt to keep all personal information about our visitors up-to-date and encourage our visitors to update us on any changes to their personal information by emailing or writing to us.Changes to this PolicyFrom time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to the Website to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at the Website periodically.If you feel that the Website is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us, or state or local chapters of the Better Business Bureau, state or local consumer protection office.
Home
News
Shop
Music
Media
Photos
Videos
Life & Legacy
LEGACY Web Series
History
Charity
Newsletter Sign-Up