https://www.fbrt.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
FRIENDS AREA
Menu
Home
Bacon
Introduction
Baconian History
Secret Bacon
Tributes
Importance of Francis Bacon
Key Quotations
Shakespeare
Introduction
Baconian Poetry
Shakespeare Authorship
Wisdom of Shakespeare
Hermes
Introduction
Baconian Philosophy
Great Instauration
New Atlantis
Mysteries
Introduction
Mystery Tradition
Myths & Archetypes
Geocosmology
RESOURCES
Books
Videos
Essays
Works of Art
Portraits & Sculptures
Titlepages & Frontispieces
Illustrations & Emblems
Links
Events
FRIENDSHIP
Friendship
Donations
ABOUT US
About Us
Contact
Objects
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
FBRT Equivalent Privacy notice
Introduction & Our Details
The Francis Bacon Research Trust is a registered charity in England & Wales. For data protection purposes we are the ‘data controller’ of the personal data that you give us.
Our address is: Old Rick Barn, Mill Lane, Shenington, OX15 6NB UK.
Our contact details are: info@fbrt.org.uk  01295 678623.
Our Commitment to You
We are committed to protecting your privacy and to complying with the data protection laws in the UK. In consequence, we collect the minimum amount of information about you that is commensurate with providing you with a satisfactory service.
What is the purpose and legal basis for us to collect and process your personal data?
The main purpose is to identify our customers to enable us to deliver to you the goods or services that you buy from us and to provide you with any follow-up that is required. We also have to retain records of all our transactions for tax and accounting reasons.
In addition, so long as you freely give us your consent, we will send you by post/email/text, newsletters and information concerning our products and activities including special offers and details of new products.
What personal data will be collected and processed?
Depending on the type of transaction you enter into, this may include your name, address, telephone number, and email address, together with data about your use of the website. This will be retained and used (processed) for the purposes referred to above.
Who will receive your personal data?
We will receive your personal data on our website which is kept on a secure server in the UK where all personal data is password protected.
Data concerning your credit/debit card payments is processed by PayPal on a secure website linked to ours and they have their own privacy policy that you should read.
If you give consent to receive communications from us, we use a marketing automation and email marketing service, MailChimp, to communicate with you. Their privacy policy can be read here: MailChimp Privacy. You will be free to unsubscribe from those messages at any time.
The server of MailChimp is located outside the EU, in the USA, and we are satisfied that the organization has appropriate safeguards in place to protect your data.
We do not give anyone else access to personal data unless we are required to by law or the access is for our own team performing their services for our website, all of whom are subject to confidentiality obligations. If we wish to process your personal data for purposes other than those specified in this notice, we will notify you with relevant information and, if necessary, seek your consent.
We may from time to time provide information of a general nature to third parties – for example, the number of individuals visiting our website, buying particular products or completing an enquiry form, but this information will be anonymized so that those individuals cannot be identified (except in the case of testimonials on our website where the individual has given consent).
How long will we keep your personal data?
We need to keep customer details for at least 6 full tax years under the UK tax laws. After that, until you ask us in writing to delete your personal data, we will keep it to enable us to contact you as mentioned earlier in this notice.
What are your rights?
You have the right to:
• ask us in writing for details of the personal data that we hold on you
• require us to rectify any errors
• have your personal data deleted if there is no reason for its continued storage and processing
• lodge a complaint about the data controller with the ICO (Information Commissioner’s Office).
Further details about your rights under data protection legislation can be found on the ICO’s website at https://ico.org.uk/.
Cookies
Your internet browser has the in-built facility for storing small files – “cookies” – that hold information which allows a website to recognise your account. Our website takes advantage of this facility to enhance your experience. You have the ability to prevent your computer from accepting cookies but, if you do, certain functionality on the website may be impaired.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
Any changes to this Notice will be placed here and will supersede this version. We will take reasonable steps to draw your attention to any changes in our policy. However, to be on the safe side, we suggest that you read this document each time you use the website to ensure that it still meets with your approval.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, or if you want to know what information we have collected about you, please email us at info@fbrt.org.uk
The Francis Bacon Research Trust
Old Rick Barn, Mill Lane, Shenington,
Banbury, Oxfordshire, OX15 6NB, England
UK Registered Educational Charity # 280616
VAT Reg. # 487 8233 01
Email: info@fbrt.org.uk
Tel: +44 (0) 1295-678623
Privacy & Cookie Policy
© FBRT 2020
Search for: