https://www.washingtonballet.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy is Important!
The Washington Ballet (TWB) is committed to protecting the privacy of our web site users. The following privacy policy details how the site collects, stores and uses personal information. Individuals who communicate with TWB, and supply us with an email address, may receive future communications by email, mail, or telephone. Persons who do not wish to receive such messages may contact TWB and ask to be removed. TWB supports a customer’s right to “opt-out.” Email addresses are NOT sold or disclosed to any other parties.
How We Use Your Information
Our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart and to make sure you see content specific to your interests.
Our site’s registration form requires users to give us contact information (like name and email address). We use contact information from the registration form to send the user information about TWB. The user’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; you may do so on the “Join our Mailing List” page of the “News & Media” section on our site.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request tickets, products, and services. We collect visitors’ contact information (like email addresses and credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to ship orders and send information about TWB. The user’s contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Users may choose to “opt-in” or “opt-out” of receiving future mailings; you may do so in the “Join our Mailing List” page of the “News & Media” section on our site. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the customer for products and services.
Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information (like email addresses) and demographic information (like zip code, age, or income level). We use contact data from our surveys to determine how best to serve our patrons and web site users. We use this data to tailor our visitor’s experience on our site, showing them content that they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their indicated preferences.
Financial Information
TWB will protect any financial information given by users for the purpose of purchasing products. For our visitors’ protection, once the transaction is completed, financial information is not stored on our website.
Automatically Collected Information
TWB’s web site automatically collects data from its visitors for statistical evaluation. This information might include length of time visited and the Internet service provider (ISP) used, as well as which pages are visited. This information helps us determine the usefulness of the site for our visitors and suggests ways in which we can improve.
Links
Our site contains links to other sites, most notably when a user makes a ticket purchase. These links take a user to other web sites that are not protected by TWB’s privacy policy. Once a user leaves our site, he or she is subject to the privacy policies of the host site being visited. Our online ticket services, Ticket Master, the Kennedy Center, and the Harman Center contain privacy policies and security measures to protect your financial information. Please read each site’s privacy policy for more details.
E-mail
If you choose to contact a staff member of TWB through e-mail, please note that e-mail is not protected by the security of this Web site. E-mail may pass through networks that are unprotected. Please note that you are always welcome to call a staff member at 202.362.3606.
Revisions to Our Web Policies
Please note that TWB may revise its privacy policy at any time. We encourage you to periodically visit this page to review our most current policy. Your continued use of the site shall constitute your acceptance of any such changes to this policy.
Back to Top
The Nutcracker Tea Party at Home
Join us from the comfort of your home for a 40-minute Nutcracker experience featuring guest performances, interactive activities, the story of The Washington Ballet’s unique production of The Nutcracker, and behind the scenes interviews.
Learn More
Clara's Christmas Eve Dream
Now Streaming on Marquee TV! Clara has dreamlike flashbacks to what occurred after she went to sleep on Christmas Eve, and wonders if it was really only a dream...
Learn More
Dance with us!
Whether you’re a seasoned dancer, an absolute beginner, or somewhere in between, The Washington School of Ballet has an online class for you.
Learn more