http://www.atasda.org.au/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
- Updated July, 2020
This following document sets forth the Privacy Policy for the ATASDA website, http://www.atasda.org.au.
ATASDA is committed to providing you with the best possible experience. ATASDA is bound by the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth), which sets out a number of principles concerning the privacy of individuals.
Collection of your personal information
There are many aspects of the site which can be viewed without providing personal information, however, for access to ATASDA member only features you are required to submit personally identifiable information. This may include but not limited to a unique username and password, or provide sensitive information in the recovery of your lost password.
Sharing of your personal information
We may occasionally hire other companies to provide services on our behalf, including but not limited to handling customer support enquiries, processing transactions or customer freight shipping. Those companies will be permitted to obtain only the personal information they need to deliver the service. ATASDA takes reasonable steps to ensure that these organisations are bound by confidentiality and privacy obligations in relation to the protection of your personal information.
Use of your personal information
For each visitor to reach the site, we expressively collect the following non-personally identifiable information, including but not limited to browser type, version and language, operating system, pages viewed while browsing the Site, page access times and referring website address. This collected information is used solely internally for the purpose of gauging visitor traffic, trends and delivering personalized content to you while you are at this Site.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will use for these new purposes only, data collected from the time of the policy change forward will adhere to our updated practices.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
ATASDA reserves the right to make amendments to this Privacy Policy at any time. If you have objections to the Privacy Policy, you should not access or use the Site.
Accessing Your Personal Information
You have a right to access your personal information, subject to exceptions allowed by law. If you would like to do so, please let us know. You may be required to put your request in writing for security reasons. ATASDA reserves the right to charge a fee for searching for, and providing access to, your information on a per request basis.
Online Payment
When you make a transaction, ATASDA collects your name, email, phone number and address, for the purpose of providing services to our members. Your details are not passed on to third parties. Credit card transactions are processed securely and your credit card details are not stored by ATASDA.
Contacting us
ATASDA welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy and would like further information, please contact us.
Latest News
New Member Offer
2020 ...what a different year! Now something special ... a discount for new members until the end of Nov 2020.
Read more
Take a look at our new Galleries
... and see what some of our members have been up to.
Read more
Welcome to our New Website
Thank you to our members who were part of the review team - an integral part of the process.
Read more
Travelling Suitcase Exhibition coming to a place near you!
Faces and Flora Suitcase will start travelling in Australia later this year.
Read more