http://www.mainevent.com.au/privacy-policy
Events
All Events UFC Boxing WWE Entertainment Past Events
How to Watch
Videos
All Videos UFC Boxing WWE Entertainment
FAQs
Order Now
Privacy Policy
TERMS OF USE
Introduction
This website ('Site') is owned and operated by MAIN EVENT Television Pty Ltd, ABN 58 083 297 634 ('MAIN EVENT, we, our, us'). MAIN EVENT is committed to the protection of personal information provided by you to the Site.
This Privacy Policy applies to the collection, storage, use and dissemination by MAIN EVENT of your personal information ('Your Personal Information').
Access to the contents of this Site is conditional upon your approval of the Privacy Policy, which should be read together with the Terms and Conditions.
As part of MAIN EVENT's commitment to the protection of Your Personal Information, we have developed this policy in line with the voluntary National Principles for the Fair Handling of Personal Information developed by the Australian Federal Privacy Commissioner, which represent industry best practice.
Our Privacy Policy contains the following important information regarding Your Personal Information:
Collection of Your Personal Information
Storage an Security of Your Personal Information
Use and Disclosure of Your Personal Information
Access to Your Personal Information
Children's Privacy
Disclaimer
Further Information on Privacy
Contact Us
For the purposes of this Privacy Statement, Personal Information means information or an opinion (including information or an opinion forming part of a database), whether true or not, and whether recorded in a material form or not, about an individual whose identity is apparent, or can reasonably be ascertained, from the information or opinion.
This Privacy Statement will not apply to web sites which are linked to this Web Site and over which MAIN EVENT has no control. You should check the privacy policy of any other web site you enter.
By using this Web Site you agree to the privacy policy of MAIN EVENT Television Pty Limited (''MAIN EVENT'') as set out below. You agree that your use of this Site implies your consent to the collection and use of Your Personal Information (or your children's personal information) in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
If we deem it necessary, we may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time in line with industry best practice. It is prudent for you to review our Privacy Policy regularly to ensure that you are satisfied and consent to all amendments to our Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this Site following any amendments is valid confirmation of your acceptance to the amendments.
Collection Of Your Personal Information
Your Personal Information is collected to enhance your use of the Site and continually improve our Site.
Some of the information collected will not personally identify you but instead track your use of the Site. We obtain this information by our use of 'Cookies'. Cookies are commonly used by websites on the Internet and are a feature usually placed in your hard drive that recognizes and identifies your computer. The Cookie does not contain any information that personally identifies you and we do not use Cookies in order to obtain such information. Your browser should allow you to refuse Cookies if you desire.
We will collect information that does personally identify you where required (this may include your name, email address, gender, age and subscribers details). We only collect this information to carry out the functions offered on the areas of Site that you choose to enter. If you do not wish to provide your Personal Information, you should not use these parts of the Web Site.
MAIN EVENT recognises that your privacy is very important to you. For this reason, if we can (and you want to), you do not have to identify yourself when you use or access most of the features of the Web Site (http://www.mainevent.com.au). You will not be penalised if you do not provide us with your Personal Information.
Storage And Security Of Your Personal Information
MAIN EVENT will use all reasonable endeavours to maintain the security of Your Personal Information.
We require our staff and service providers to respect the confidentiality of Your Personal Information.
Due to the nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that Your Personal Information will always be secure during transmission or from unauthorised access during storage. Please contact MAIN EVENT immediately if you become aware or have reason to believe there has been any unauthorised use of Your Personal Information. To the extent permitted by law, we exclude any liability for loss or damage caused by breaches of the security, integrity or privacy of this Web Site.
Use And Disclosure Of Your Personal Information
MAIN EVENT will not disclose information that personally identifies you to advertisers. MAIN EVENT may be required to disclose some information that does not personally identify you to advertisers to provide advertisers with aggregate statistics of people that have seen or linked to their advertisements on our Site. This provision of information with advertisers assists MAIN EVENT with improvements to the Site and assists MAIN EVENT to provide the Site to users at no cost.
Personal Information that you submit to our Web Site may be disclosed to a third party if the disclosure is:
Required by law;
Permitted by the National Privacy Principles;
Necessary to co-operate with a judicial process or a law enforcement agency;
Necessary to protect and defend the rights or property of MAIN EVENT, this site, or participating sites; or
Necessary to lessen or prevent unlawful activity or serious threats to individuals, public health or safety.
MAIN EVENT may provide certain information about you to its related bodies corporate. Subject to your prior approval, MAIN EVENT's commercial sponsors, advertisers, business partners or associates located both in and outside Australia ('MAIN EVENT Partners') may wish to send you information about their products or services.
If you subsequently decide that you do not wish to receive information about the products and services of the MAIN EVENT Partners, please Contact Us with your request to be removed from our mailing list. We will use reasonable endeavors to remove your name within 14 days of receipt of notice.
Access To Your Personal Information
MAIN EVENT will use all reasonable endeavours to keep Your Personal Information accurate. Please Contact Us to examine Your Personal Information if required. We will use reasonable endeavours to provide a complete list of Your Personal Information within 14 days of receipt of your enquiry.
You may Contact Us to amend any of Your Personal Information that is inaccurate or request that Your Personal Information be deleted. We will use reasonable endeavours to amend or delete your records as requested within 14 days of receipt of notice. If applicable, any legal requirement on MAIN EVENT to maintain certain records of Your Personal Information shall prevail over any of your requests.
Children's Privacy
All person's under the age of 18 must obtain the consent of their parents or legal guardians before using this Site or submitting any information to this Site. MAIN EVENT will adhere to this Privacy Policy in respect of any information submitted by minors but the primary responsibility rests on parents and guardians to properly supervise their children's use of the Site.
Disclaimer
MAIN EVENT will only collect, use or disclose information that personally identifies you as set out in this Privacy Policy unless in our opinion MAIN EVENT is required by law to protect the rights or property of MAIN EVENT or any third party, or to avoid injury to any person.
In accordance with MAIN EVENT's established relationships with the MAIN EVENT Partners, users of our Site may link directly to sites operated by MAIN EVENT Partners. Although certain MAIN EVENT Partner sites may be co-branded with the MAIN EVENT logo, you acknowledge that MAIN EVENT may not operate such sites. We encourage you to always read the applicable privacy policy of any MAIN EVENT Partner on exiting this Site.
MAIN EVENT Partner sites may collect additional personal information from you in addition to Your Personal Information supplied to MAIN EVENT. You acknowledge that MAIN EVENT is not responsible for the content or practices of the sites operated by MAIN EVENT Partners including the manner in which they collect, store, use or disseminate your personal information.
Further Information On Privacy
If you would like any further information about your rights to privacy, please see the Australian Privacy Commissioner's website or contact the Internet Industry Association.
Contact Us
If you have any queries regarding this Privacy Policy or would like to read, amend or delete any of Your Personal Information, please contact MAIN EVENT by email addressed to maineventcontacts@foxtel.com.au
© Main Event About Us Privacy Terms of Use Contact Us Site by Chook