http://www.artfulcolor.com/about/privacy-policy
Our website is currently undergoing scheduled maintenance. Photo Management, Projects and ordering are currently unavailable. We apologize for the inconvenience.SHOP EARLY! You may experience delayed shipping times due to COVID-19!  Sign up to receive special offersMy Account
My Account My Photos My Projects Sign In / Sign Out Help Order Status Special Offers Contact UsSpecial OffersContact Us
Prints& BannersCanvasPrintsPhotoBooksGreetingCardsPhotoGiftsBusinessProducts
Privacy PolicyMyPix2.com recognizes and respects your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes exactly how MyPix2.com uses identifiable information regarding MyPix2.com customers, such as name, address, email address, or credit card number (“Customer Information“). Primarily, we collect such information for the purpose of providing you with an outstanding experience on the MyPix2.com website.By using the MyPix2.com website, you consent to the collection and use of information in the manner described below. If we decide to change our privacy practice, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it. Changes to our policy will be prospective only. Please check this page from time to time for changes to make sure you are aware of our latest privacy practices.In this Privacy Policy, you will find the answers to the following questions:  What Customer Information does MyPix2.com collect?Customer Information is requested whenever you choose to use MyPix2.com services. The type of Customer Information we request has to do specifically with the type of service you are using. For example:• When you want to share your pictures with others (“Invitees”), we will ask for email addresses of friends and family you choose to share with.• When you complete an online purchase, we will ask you to provide shipping and billing information so that we can fulfill your request.You also give information when you answer survey questions and organize your photos on the MyPix2.com website with titles, captions, categories, etc.  How does MyPix2.com use Customer Information?Our primary goal in collecting your Customer Information is to provide you with a personalized, relevant, user-friendly experience on the MyPix2.com website. Here are the ways we use Customer Information to enhance this experience:Customer Communication: We use Customer Information to communicate with you and we consider this communication to be an integral part of the MyPix2.com service. We use your email and mailing address to inform you of site improvements, feature announcements, promotional offers and occasional third-party offers that may be of interest to you. If you do not wish to receive these offers, you may always unsubscribe by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of an email or by writing info@mypix2.com.Customer Satisfaction: We use Customer Information to make your online experience enjoyable. For example, because we know who you are after you log in, we can present you with the right set of albums in your password-protected account. We also know where to email you to let you know your photos are ready for viewing online.Customer Convenience: We use Customer Information to provide you with the convenience of easy access to the services you request. When you choose to use the MyPix2.com website for digitization of your photos, or for purchasing photo merchandise, we will ask for payment information and for your email address, so we can send you a notification that your photos are available online and create an account for you on the MyPix2.com website. For a merchandise purchase, we will ask for final confirmation before charging your credit card. We may also collect information during the shopping experience to make purchasing an easier and better experience for you. For example, if you give us permission to keep your billing information, you won’t have to fill out the shipping and billing address each and every time you make an online purchase.  With whom does MyPix2.com share Customer Information?MyPix2.com shares Customer Information with third party intermediaries (for example, credit card authorization companies, merchandise distributors, vendors processing our outbound email communication, etc.) who help us run the MyPix2.com website. Your Customer Information is provided to these third parties solely for the purpose of providing you the services you request at the time that you request them.From time to time, we will also provide Customer Information to outside companies we select so they can let you know about those of their products or services we think might be of interest to you. If you do not want us to share your Customer Information with outside companies, you always have the option of telling us not to share it by sending an email to info@mypix2.com. We will make every effort to respect this choice as soon as practicably possible after receiving your communication.MyPix2.com will also share Customer Information if required by law (or to protect its rights or property).  Who sees your photos after they have been posted online?You, your Invitees and their Invitees can see your albums online. An Invitee is defined as anyone who is invited to the site to see an album. Anyone who is invited to see an album online must provide an email address and a password to access the site and view a shared album. When you choose to share your online images with Invitees, those individuals will be able to view your album. However, as with any email, your Invitees could forward the email invitation to others, who will then be able to click on the link to the album within the email, and see the pictures too.MyPix2.com employees or employees of partner companies that provide services to MyPix2.com may see your photos while they are developed, scanned or printed. In addition, your photos or personal account information may be seen by MyPix2.com employees, or employees of partner companies, in order to evaluate, validate, or correct problems with your account.  Does MyPix2.com use “IP Addresses” and cookies?MyPix2.com uses IP Addresses and Cookies in limited ways, as follows:IP Addresses: An IP address is literally your computer’s address and is a unique identifier, allowing online information to be sent to the right place. We use IP addresses to better understand the customer database. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information such as geographic distribution of our members. We do not intentionally link your IP address to your personally identifiable information.MyPix2.com Cookies: Contrary to popular belief, cookies do not extract private or personal information from your computer’s memory. The job of a cookie is to record only information you volunteer to us upon registering or visiting the site. Cookies are tiny files placed onto the hard drive of your computer the first time you visit our Web site that enable our server to recognize or “remember” who you are next time you come back. MyPix2.com cookies are not tied to personally identifiable information. Currently, we intend to make only limited use of cookies for the purpose of delivering content and ads specific to your interests. For instance cookies may be used to retain your personal preferences, hold session information for a “shopping cart” or save your password so it doesn’t have to be re-entered each time you log in.Advertiser Cookies: MyPix2.com does post third party advertising banners. When visitors come to your site, third parties (such as AdRoll and Data Crusher) may place cookies on their browsers for targeted advertising purposes. These ads may contain cookies used primarily to provide data to the advertiser about where visitors are coming from. While we do use cookies in other parts of our Web site as explained above, cookies received with banner ads may or may not be collected or controlled by our company. When you click on a banner ad, you should be aware that the advertiser might be collecting information without the permission of MyPix2.com. MyPix2.com works with, both third party ad serving services, to help serve ads for this site. MyPix2.com does not control the privacy practices of these services. To find out more about how they manage privacy of information in conjunction with serving ads on this site, please review their privacy policies.Advice on Limiting Cookies: You always have a choice with respect to cookies. By modifying your browser preferences, you can accept all cookies, be notified when a cookie is set or reject all cookies. If you choose to reject all cookies, you may be unable to use certain MyPix2.com services. Please consult your browser instructions for information on how to modify your choices about cookies.  Does MyPix2.com use Clear Gifs (Web Beacons/Web Bugs)?We use a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs) to help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier that are used to track the online movements of Web users. Clear gifs are not tied to users’ personally identifiable information.HTML NewslettersWe use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by the recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. If users would like to opt-out of these emails, please see the Opt-out section.  What are the safeguards and security procedures in place to protect your information from loss, misuse, or alteration?Your Customer Information on our Service is password-protected. We strongly recommend that you do not give your password to anyone and that you change it every 3 months. You may edit your account information by using your member name and password.If you are using a public computer (public library, school computer, etc.) or a shared computer (family computer, roommate’s computer, etc.), we strongly recommend that you sign out of your MyPix2.com account and close your browser before getting up and moving away from the computer. This will prevent others from accessing your account and personal information.MyPix2.com employs SSL – a specialized encryption and security technology — to protect your Customer Information. We understand that this is especially important when there is an exchange of credit card, billing and password information. In addition, we limit access of Customer Information to only those employees who need it to carry out their jobs.MyPix2.com will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited email. You will only be asked for your name and password when you initiate the contact and only if the name and password are necessary to correct a service problem.  How can you update or correct Customer Information?Customer Information that you provide during purchase is available in your online account. To edit your Customer Information, you must enter your email address and password to access your account. You may edit your account information at any time.You can also cancel your account by contacting us. If you request cancellation of your account, we may (but are not required to) remove any and all content (photos) or other personal information from the MyPix2.com website, and your photos may not be accessible to you even if you choose to rejoin or reactivate your account at a later date. Information necessary for the purposes of maintaining business records regarding a cancelled account, including records of credit transactions and account ownership, will be retained in accordance with applicable law.  Other information about privacyLinks from the MyPix2.com website: If you click away from the MyPix2.com website to visit the site of any third party advertiser or sponsor, you may be asked for your credit card or other personal information in order to purchase or use products and services offered. These companies have their own privacy and data collection practices. As described above, MyPix2.com has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies. You should therefore review their privacy policies carefully if you have concerns about how your information may be used.Contacting MyPix2.com: If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact us. CLICK HERE.HelpHelpContact usPricing & ShippingBulk OrderingMy AccountOrder Status Special Offers Sign up for Special OffersNavigationCreate a CanvasCreate a PrintMake your own Greeting CardsCreate a Photo BookCreate a CalendarAbout usBlogSitemapInformationPrivacy PolicyTerms & conditionsOur GuaranteeCopyright Copyright 2020 by MyPix2