https://www.discworldemporium.com/content/5-privacy-security
Currencies are for browsing purposes only. Note: all transactions will be processed with sterling currency.
home > Privacy & SecurityPrivacy & SecurityOrdering online with us is safe and secure - we'll never pass your details on to C.M.O.T. Dibbler!    PRIVACY POLICYOur privacy policy is simple: we won't sell your personal information to any third party under any circumstances, or share your details for the purpose of third party marketing. Ever. We will always keep your personal details safe and secure in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 2018.++HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION++When you place an order with the Discworld Emporium, you will provide us with details of your billing and delivery addresses, telephone numbers, and email addresses along with your product selection, credit/debit card information and comments or instructions. This information is used to process and deliver your order, provide essential correspondence about your order and account, and for statistical purposes to help us deliver a better service and improvements to our website. We will only use your email address and phone number to keep you updated about your order/s or account activity and to contact you in the event of any problems with your order. You will receive payment confirmations and status updates, along with notifications of any issues related to your order or account. Your delivery address will be used by the Post Office to ensure delivery of your order. Some countries require phone numbers to be provided on the packaging in order to arrange delivery or re-delivery- we will therefore supply phone numbers to international postal partners to ensure delivery of your order.All customer information is confidential and stored on our secure third party servers hosted by our dedicated service providers. These comprise Google Mail, Teapot Creative, Mailchimp, Realex and PayPal who host our email, accounts & orders, newsletter subscription and payment databases respectively. Access to these systems is strictly limited to those responsible for administering our website and services, and all employees have signed a confidentiality agreement.If you have opted to receive our email newsletter, you will be sent information about our latest products, blog articles and Discworld/Terry Pratchett-related news. Your information will be held by our newsletter provider, Mailchimp, for the purpose of delivering your newsletter and monitoring your activity so that we can work on providing better content. You can unsubscribe at any time via the 'unsubscribe' button in the footer of the newsletter, or by contacting us.In order to understand the needs of our customers and improve our site and services, we collect information about your use of our site us including your IP address, your browser, the URL you came from, the pages of our website that were viewed during your visit, and search terms you entered on our website. We process this information using our in-house software and Google Analytics, and also use Facebook Pixel and Nosto to deliver relevant information, services and product recommendations based on your usage of our site. We may collect this information even if you do not register an account with us.By agreeing to our privacy policy you consent to our use of your information for the purposes outlined above. You have the 'right to be forgotten' and can contact us at any time to request that your personal information be permanently removed from our marketing and order databases. If you have any questions about our privacy policy or the information we have stored for you please CONTACT US by emailing Shop@DiscworldEmporium.com or calling 01963824686.COOKIE POLICYLike most websites The Discworld Emporium uses cookies. Cookies are little bits of information stored on your computer order to improve your experience of browsing and shopping on our site. Cookies enable us to deliver a personalised, responsive service, such as remembering your shopping basket, or your delivery details for the next time you visit. Cookies are completely safe and secure and will never contain any sensitive information. They are used only by Discworld Emporium and the secure trusted partners we work with.If you are not hungry for cookies, you can disable them in your browser settings at any time. Restricting them may impact on the functionality of our website, but you should still be able to browse the unrestricted bits! The Help function within your browser will provide detailed instruction of how to change your cookie settings, but if in doubt, ask a grown-up.You can find more information about cookies at www.aboutcookies.org, this site provides instructions on how to block cookies on all the major browsers and also explains how you can delete cookies that have already been stored on your computer.SECURITY We use a 128-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encyption - the toughest security system on the internet - to protect your debit/credit card information.You can double-check your connection to our secure server by looking at the URL/Address line of your browser. When accessing a secure server, the first characters of the site address will change from "http" to "https".Our order processing system and internal network are protected by the latest proxy technology. This does mean you have to provide your card details every time you place an order with us but this minor inconvenience ensures that spending your hard-earned pennies with us is safe and secure.In addition, we never store your card details on our servers. Payment information is handled by specialist third party payment providers (Realex and PayPal) to ensure maximum payment security.Accounts use full login and password controls. Users' information is fully encrypted before it is submitted to us to prevent interception by unlicensed thieves and ne'er-do-wells. Join our mailing list:and keep up to date with our latest products & goings-on!
Sign me up!
or follow us on: