https://www.pembrokeshirecoast.wales/planning/planning-policy/local-development-plan-2/local-development-plan-replacement-stages/focussed-changes/
Jump to Main content
Highlight Links
High contrast Mode
Readable Fonts
Greyscale Mode
Invert Mode
XClose this tab
Search for:
Search
Advertisement of Proposed Focussed Changes - This consultation has now closed.
The Authority has prepared a Focussed Changes document for public consultation and an accompanying representation form and guidance note.
Focussed Changes Document
Focussed Changes Representation Form
Focussed Changes Guidance Note
The Focussed Changes document is based on the changes that have emerged from the Authority’s recommendations following consideration of the representations received at Deposit Stage.
Copies of these documents
Copies of the LDP documents are available for inspection free of charge on publicly accessible computers at the following locations:
Pembrokeshire Coast National Park Authority Headquarters, Llanion Park, Pembroke Dock, Pembrokeshire, SA72 6DY. Opening hours: Monday to Thursday 9am to 5pm and Friday 9am to 4.30pm.
Oriel y Parc Gallery and Visitor Centre, St Davids, Pembrokeshire, SA62 6NW. Opening hours: every day 9.30am-4pm.
Libraries during their normal opening hours.
Comments made at this stage can only address these proposed Focussed Changes.
This is not an opportunity to add to previous representations or to make new comments on parts of the Deposit Local Development Plan not subject to change, as the Inspector will not consider any such new representations. The Authority will make a response to the representations on the Focussed Changes directly to the Inspectorate.
The closing date for representations relating to the proposed Focussed Changes document was 4.30pm on Friday 15 February 2019.
Representations should be sent either by email to devplans@pembrokeshirecoast.org.uk or in writing to:
The Park Direction Service, Pembrokeshire Coast National Park Authority, Llanion Park, Pembroke Dock, Pembrokeshire, SA72 6DY.
Next Steps
The Programme Officer will write to you separately to advise you of the dates of these meetings and the future timetable regarding the Local Development Plan Examination.
For further information or assistance, email devplans@pembrokeshirecoast.org.uk or call 01646 624800 and ask to speak to someone in the Park Direction Service dealing with the plan, or Mrs Caroline Llewellyn, the Programme Officer, on 01646 624800 / 07773 932339 or email programmeofficer@pembrokeshirecoast.org.uk who will act as a point of contact between the Authority, Representors, and the Inspector, and assist in taking the Examination forward.
More on Local Development Plan 2
Supplementary Planning Guidance (LDP2)
Read more
Sustainability Appraisal Scoping Report
The Sustainability Appraisal Scoping Report sets out the sustainability appraisal issues and objectives/criteria against which the Replacement Local D...
Read more
Preparation Stages
These are the stages in preparing a replacement Local Development Plan.
Read more
LDP Review Report
The Review Report sets out where changes are required, what needs to change and why, based on evidence.
Read more
Delivery Agreement
The Delivery Agreement is a public statement that contains a Timetable for preparing a Revision of a Local Development Plan setting out how and when s...
Read more
Community Council Workshops
Community and Town Councils can provide a central source of information for their local communities, help to raise awareness of the LDP process and ar...
Read more
Background papers
These Background Papers will be updated and added to throughout the preparation of the Plan.
Read more
Appraisal Processes
Environmental, Social and Economic Appraisals for Local Development Plan 2
Read more
Get In Touch
Contact us and register your details to get the latest updates on what's happening in the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park.
Contact Us
Cookie Policy
To help us make this website better, the cookie settings are set to ‘allow all cookies’. If you continue without changing these settings, you consent to this – for more information and to change this at any time, see our cookie policy and privacy policy.
I understand
View Basket
Checkout
Continue Shopping