https://www.everywritersresource.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footerHome
#Help1Writer
Publishing
Publishing 101
Self-Publishing 101
Pitch Contests (soon)
Find an Agent (soon)
Publishers
Literary Magazines
Query Coaching (soon)
Editing Services
Conferences (soon)
Spotlight
Featured Authors
From Famous Authors
Short Stories
Poetry
Art
Contests
EWR Writing Contests
Other Writing Contests
Writing Lab
Writing Lab 101
Writing Prompts
Resources for Writers
Editing Services
Submissions
Guidelines
Submit to EWR
About Us
About Us
Write for Us
Advertise
Social
Hub
Email
Forums
Members
Register
Log In
Poetry
Short Stories
Book Publisher Listings
Literary Magazine Listings
Classifieds
We can be reached via e-mail at eds@everywritersresource.com
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes the consumer’s domain name and e-mail address (where possible).
We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web page, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used for internal review and is then discarded, disclosed when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Website and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Website.
With respect to cookies: We use Java script from companies that may customize ads to relate to content.
Mailing list: If you supply us with your email address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by or unsubscribing. Go to the bottom of any of our emails and click the subscribe button and follow the directions.
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our websites. These Third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
This is on line privacy policy applies only to information collect through our website and not collected off line.
By using this site you consent to our privacy policy.
If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to contact information that we maintain about them a description of information that we maintain about them.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information.
Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address, writing to us at the above address or sending us correction emails through our blogs.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses.
From time to time we may send you promotions, updates, articles and information through our mailing list. Will do not send unsolicited promotions.
GDPR Compliance
We are working toward GDPR compliance. As of 2018 we still do not collect information on our users. We track anonymous numbers. We do collect email address, and names if you sign up for our mailing list or leave a comment. We do not email you unless you have double opted in to our list, and at this time we are working to reopt in our readers. All other information, if you make a payment, is handled by a 3rd party company.
Security
We keep all our sites up to date, and we run software protection as well as have a 3rd party outside company that scans and investigates our site for infection or hacking.
User Privacy
All contributors work belongs to them. We do not take rights. All rights to these works, stories, poetry, artwork, and any other intellectual property belong to the person who created them.
If you need anything GDPR related, please email us.
Updated 5/30/2018
Primary SidebarCurrent Contests
Write On
Classic
The following, reprinted from the editorial page of the New York Sun, was written by the late Mr. Frank P. Church: We take pleasure in answering at once and thus prominently the communication below, expressing at the same time our great gratification that its faithful author is numbered among the friends of The Sun: Dear […]
On Hanging a Stocking at Christmas (1920)  by Charles S. Brooks As Christmas is, above all, a holiday for children, it is proper in its season to consider with what regard they hold its celebration. But as no one may really know the secrets of childhood except as he retains the recollection of his own, […]
More Posts from this Category
Mission
Around our site
Poetry
Short Stories
Book Publisher Listings
Literary Magazine Listings
Classifieds
Short Stories
Literary Magazines
Book Publishers
EWR: All for 1 One for All
Spotlight
FooterOther
Join us!
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
About Us
Newsletter
Jobs
Forum
Questions
Categories
Categories
Select Category
Art
Articles On Writing
Book Stores
Christmas
Classic Articles on Writing
Contests for writers
deleteparameter1
Entertainment
Famous Quotes by Writers
Featured
Featured Classic Article
Featured Literary Magazine
Featured Writing Prompts
From EWR
Fun for Writers
Games for Writers
Halloween
Historic Articles by Authors
Horror Articles
Interviews
Jobs
Lists for writers
News
Poetry
Promoting Your Writing
Publishing Your Writing
Quizzes for Writers
Resources for Writers
Self Publishing
Stories
Stories and Poems
The Rifle Sisters by Scott Rodrigues
Uncategorized
Write On
Writing Challenges
writing exercises
Writing Lab 101
Writing Programs
Writing Prompts
Writing Prompts: Horror
Search Users
Search for:
Newsletter