http://www.playscripts.com/privacy-policy
Privacy, Security, and Terms of Use
We at Playscripts, Incorporated ("Playscripts") welcome you to our web site (the "Site"). Please review the following basic rules that govern the use of our Site (the "Agreement"). Please note that your use of our Site constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by these rules and our policies.
Our privacy policy explains how we collect and use personal information you provide to us. Our security policy explains how you can review the security measures that have been put in place by our web host. Our terms of use govern your use of our site generally. Please read on to learn more about these policies and terms.
Privacy
We Keep Personal Information Private
When you license performance rights in a particular play, you authorize us to share with the playwright the personal information you have submitted. We do not share your personal information with any third parties other than the playwright whose play you seek to perform. By "personal information" we mean information that can be used by someone to identify or contact you, such as your name, e-mail address, or mailing address, and by "third parties" we mean anyone who is not directly involved in the processing of your online searches.
What Information Is Covered?
In browsing at our site, you may provide us with various personal information. For example, when you place order data on our server, you may provide your name, e-mail address, and/or mailing address. As another example, you may wish to send us e-mail with your personal comments regarding our Site.
We Limit Our Use Of Personal Information
We use personal information you provide to process your order forms and performance requests and for other purposes specific to your use of our Site.
In addition, unless you prefer that we not contact you in the future, we may use your e-mail address, for example, to notify you about new plays or new services offered through our site. If you would prefer not to receive these e-mails from us, you may send us an e-mail to such effect.
To measure our visitors' interest in and use of various areas of Playscripts, including any advertising, we will rely upon aggregate information -- which is information that does not identify you. With this aggregate information, we may undertake statistical and other summary analyses of our visitors' behavior and characteristics. Although we may share this aggregate information with third parties, please rest assured that no information we provide to third parties will allow anyone to identify you, or determine anything personal about you.
Individual Children's Information
Notwithstanding the above, no personally-identifiable information (e.g. name, address, phone number) from users we understand to be children under the age of 18 will be shared with any third parties under any circumstances. Our Site will ensure that collection of information from children we know to be under the age of 13 will be conducted in accordance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998.
We Allow You To Update, Correct, Or Delete Your Personal Information
Upon your request, and to the extent your request does not compromise our privacy or security policies, we will update and correct personal information you have previously provided to us. In addition, if you request, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to remove your name and personal information from our database. Please understand, however, that it may be impossible to remove this information completely, due to backups and records of deletions. If you wish to update your information, you may do so by sending us an e-mail that identifies the information you wish to have updated. If you wish to remove your name from our database, simply send us an e-mail to so indicate your desire.
We Use "Cookies" Judiciously
Unless you have chosen to disable it, your Internet web browser has a feature called a "cookie." Cookies are small text files that a web site can use to recognize repeat users, to facilitate the user's ongoing access to and use of the site, and to compile aggregate data to improve the site and focus advertising. Cookies work as follows: a web site will send a cookie to your browser that uniquely associates your computer with information the site can store for you. Your browser places the cookie in its cookie file. When you next access that site on your computer, the site recognizes the cookie, and makes the stored information available to you.
We may use cookies to provide you with certain features at our site, such as helping us better understand and respond to our visitors' interests and preferences. If you do not want us to use cookies to collect this information, most browsers allow you to disable the cookie feature. Please keep in mind, though, that cookies may be necessary to provide you with certain features at the site.
Just as with other information, we do not share with third parties any personal information provided through the use of cookies.
Third-party companies
We may use third-party advertising companies, such as Performics Inc., to serve or track ads on our web site and other web sites. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other web sites in order to measure advertising effectiveness and to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. To find out more about the use of cookies and the information-gathering practices and opt-out procedures of Performics, please click here: http://performics.com/our_company_files/privacy.htm
Exceptions
There are two exceptions to our privacy policy. First, we may release or use personal information in connection with legal proceedings, or in response to a subpoena or court order.
Second, our policy only applies to information you provide to us. You may provide third parties with information as part of dialogue you conduct in any "chat-room" we sponsor or on any of our message boards, as applicable, or if you click on third-party advertising at our site. We cannot be responsible for the conduct of these third parties. They may have policies concerning privacy and the use of cookies that differ substantially from ours, and you may receive unsolicited messages due to this conduct.
Your Consent
By using our web site, you consent to our collection and use of information, in accordance with this privacy policy. We may in the future decide to change our privacy policy. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post the changes on this page, so that you may always be aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and the circumstances under which we disclose it. Any changes in our privacy policy will only affect information you provide after the changed policy becomes effective.
Privacy Protection for Children
We have special privacy procedures in place where children under 13 are concerned, as provided in the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act. Although our Site is not directed at children under 13, we recognize that certain features may appeal to a range of ages. We require parental consent, through a permission form (sent by regular mail or e-mail), before we ask for any personal information from visitors we know are under 13. In addition, even after a parent has given his or her permission, we allow parents to review, amend, or delete information their children may provide, and to prohibit further collection. Furthermore, unless personal information is necessary for an activity, we do not require that visitors provide such information in order to participate in the activity.
Security
Playscripts' server is provided by Verio (the "Host"). Please review the Host's security policy to understand how your Personal Information will be stored. Although we trust that your Personal Information will remain secure on the Host's server, we cannot take any responsibility in the event that your Personal Information is accessed by a third party through no fault of our own.
Terms of Use
Ownership Of Site Contents; Downloading
Unless otherwise noted, all text, images, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, video clips, and other materials that are part of this Site, including the text of any playscripts provided on this Site (collectively, the "Contents"), are copyrighted works, trademarks, trade dress, or other intellectual properties owned, controlled, or licensed by Playscripts. The Site as a whole is protected by copyright and trade dress, all worldwide rights, titles and interests in and to which are owned by Playscripts. The phrase PLAYSCRIPTS.COM, is a trademark of Playscripts.
You may not download or copy downloadable materials displayed on the Site, except pursuant to a signed license agreement with Playscripts. You may access license agreements from Playscripts either on the Site or through an e-mail request. Playscripts, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to decide whether it shall enter into a license agreement with you. No right, title or interest in any downloaded materials or software is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading or copying. You may not reproduce, publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, any of the Contents, the Site, or any related software without the prior written consent of Playscripts.
User Comments, Feedback, Postcards And Other Submissions
All user comments, feedback, postcards, suggestions, ideas, and other submissions disclosed, submitted or offered to Playscripts on or by this Site or otherwise disclosed, submitted or offered in connection with your use of this Site (collectively, "Comments") shall be and remain Playscripts' property and Playscripts shall have the right to reproduce, publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, the Comments without obtaining your prior consent; provided, however, that Playscripts shall maintain and adhere to its Privacy Policies.
You agree that Playscripts is free to use, without restriction and without compensation to you, any information, ideas, concepts, know-how, suggestions, or techniques contained in any Comments you send to the Site for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, implementing, compiling, manufacturing, or marketing products or services using such information.
Playscripts has no obligation to respond to any Comments. You agree that Comments submitted by you to the Site will not violate any right of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, publicity, or other personal or proprietary right(s).
Control and Content Of User-Posted Information
Playscripts reserves the right, but undertakes no duty, to review, edit, move, or delete any material posted by users on the Site, in its sole discretion and without notice. Playscripts assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the content of any such postings and assumes no responsibility for any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger or inaccuracy contained in any information posted on the Site. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane materials or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. Playscripts will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing Playscripts to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such information or materials.
Disclaimer
Playscripts makes no warranties or representations as to the truth or accuracy of information on the Site. Playscripts assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content on the Site.
Your use and browsing of the Site is at your risk. Neither Playscripts nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the Site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the Site.
THIS SITE AND ALL CONTENTS OF THE SITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE BY YOUR USE OF THE SITE, THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK, THAT YOU ASSUME FULL RESPONSIBILITY FOR ALL COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH ALL NECESSARY SERVICING OR REPAIRS OF ANY EQUIPMENT YOU USE IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF OUR SITE, AND THAT PLAYSCRIPTS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THIS SITE. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusion may not apply to you. Check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties.
Playscripts shall not be liable for any damages to your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from the Site, whether through infection by a virus or otherwise, or by unauthorized action by any third-party 'hacker.'
Indemnification
You agreed to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Playscripts, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, employees, agents, authors, and contributors from and against any and all claims, damages, costs, and expenses, including attorney's fees, arising from or related to your use of the Site.
Choice of Law and Jurisdiction
Unless otherwise specified, this Site and the Contents thereof are displayed solely for the purpose of providing, enhancing, promoting, and furthering Playscripts' services.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without regard to any conflict of law provisions. Any dispute arising under this Agreement shall be resolved exclusively by the state or federal courts of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. You hereby agree to submit to the jurisdiction of any such court sitting in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and agree that venue is proper in the district wherein Playscripts is located.
Termination
Playscripts may terminate this Agreement at any time and may do so immediately without notice, and accordingly deny you access to the Site, if in Playscripts' sole discretion you fail to comply with any term or provision of this Agreement or Playscripts' policies.
Unless otherwise provided in a specific license agreement between you and Playscripts, upon termination of this Agreement, you must promptly destroy all materials downloaded or otherwise obtained from this Site, as well as all copies of such materials, whether made under the terms of this Agreement or otherwise.
Modifications
We may from time to time change the rules that govern your use of our Site. We will post these changes here, in our Terms of Use. Your use of our Site following any such change constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the rules as changed. We may change, move, or delete portions our Site, or may add to our Site from time to time.
Assignment
In the event that Playscripts may wish to assign or transfer your personal information and its rights hereunder to a third party, you agree that Playscripts may do so, on the condition that such third party agree to abide by Playscripts' then current Privacy Policies.
Please Contact Us
We are always happy to listen to your comments, and answer your questions. You may contact us by e-mail at info@playscripts.com
Subscribe to get discounts, news, and updates
Sign In
x
Returning Customers
Email
Password
Forgot Password?
Don't have an account?
Register
Forgot Password
x
Forgot Password
Email
Don't have an account?
Register