http://www.londonwelshmvc.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
By reading and continuing to use the site you agree to the following conditions of use.
This website is a service operated by London Welsh Male Voice Choir (LWMVC). Disclaimer LWMVC makes every effort to ensure that the information on this website is accurate and up-to-date. We cannot, however, accept responsibility for any loss or inconvenience caused by reliance on inaccurate material contained in this site. Links to other sites Certain links, including hypertext links, in our site will take you to external websites. These are provided for your convenience and inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement or approval by LWMVC of the linked site, its operator or its content. We are not responsible for the content of any website outside of our site. Privacy policy LWMVC may collect personal information from visitors to this site. This information is used only to respond to enquiries and to monitor site usage. E-mail addresses received as part of an enquiry are only retained as long as the enquiry remains open.
Where personal data is requested through forms (including registration forms), such data is only used for the purpose stated on the form and will not be given or sold to any third parties.
This privacy policy only covers this LWMVC website – websites linked to from this site are not covered by this policy.
LWMVC will at all times comply with the requirements of the Data Protection Act 1998. Use of Cookies Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit.They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
The table below explains the cookies we use and why.
Cookie Name
Purpose
More information
Google Analytics
_utma_utmb_utmc_utmz
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Click here for an overview of privacy at Google
By using our website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device. Accessibility LWMVC endeavours at all times to make the site as accessible as reasonably possible to disabled users. In no way does LWMVC seek to deliberately discriminate against disabled users access to the website service in accordance with the Disability Discrimination Act 1995.