https://www.writingforums.org/faq/privacy-policy.3/
Log in or Sign up
Creative Writing Forums - Writing Help, Writing Workshops, & Writing Community
Home
About
>
FAQ #3
>
Privacy Policy
Category
All Questions
New Member?
How The Site Is Run
Fundraising & Donations
Writing Contests
Posting Work for Critique
Resources
Role Play
Blogging
Specific Sections
About
Commitment to Your Privacy
Your privacy on the Internet, and full disclosure of our policies, is of the utmost importance to us. We want to make your online experience satisfying, safe, and transparent.
Because we gather certain types of information about our users, we feel you should fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. This privacy statement discloses what information we gather and how we use it.
We invite you to contact us if you have questions about this policy. You may contact us by mail at the following address:
support[@]writingforums[dot]org
Or, you may contact us by using our contact form.
Additional Information:
INFORMATION THIS SITE GATHERS AND TRACKS
WritingForums.Org gathers two types of information about users:
Information that users provide through optional, voluntary submissions. These are voluntary submissions to receive our electronic newsletters, to participate in our message boards or forums, discloser personal information in posts or profiles, to email a friend, and from participation in polls and surveys:
Information WritingForums.org gathers through aggregated tracking information derived mainly by tallying page views throughout our sites. This information allows us to better tailor our content to readers' needs and to help our advertisers and sponsors better understand the demographics of our audience. Because WritingForums.Org derives its revenue mainly from sponsorships, advertisement and / or donations, providing such aggregated demographic data is essential to keeping our service free to users, supported through advertising. Under no circumstances does WritingForums.org divulge any personal information about an individual user to a third party. The only exception to this is under a court order.
WritingForums.Org Gathers User Information In The Following Processes:
Optional Voluntary Information
We offer the following free services, which require some type of voluntary submission of personal information by users:
1. Electronic newsletters (Dispatches)
We will offer a free electronic newsletter to our members, sent out monthly, as well as an electronic magazine. WritingForums.Org gathers the email addresses of users who voluntarily subscribe. Users may remove themselves from this mailing list by following the link provided in every newsletter that points users to the subscription management page. Users can also subscribe to the newsletters at the time of registration.
2. Message boards/forums
Users of the site's Message Boards and Forums must register separately for these services (both are free of charge) in order to post messages, although they needn't register to visit the site. During registration the user is required to supply a username, password, and email address.
3. "E-mail this to a friend" Service
Our site users can choose to electronically forward a link, page, or documents to someone else by clicking "e-mail this to a friend". The user must provide their email address, as well as that of the recipient. This information is used only in the case of transmission errors and, of course, to let the recipient know who sent the email. The information is not used for any other purpose.
4. Polling
We may offer interactive polls to users so they can easily share their opinions with other users and see what our audience thinks about important issues. Opinions or other responses to polls are aggregated and are not identifiable to any particular user. WritingForums.Org may use a system to "tag" users after they have voted, so they can vote only once on a particular question. This tag is not correlated with information about individual users.
5. Surveys
WritingForums.Org may occasionally conduct user surveys to better target our content to our audience. We sometimes share the aggregated demographic information in these surveys with our sponsors, advertisers and partners. We never share any of this information about specific individuals with any third party.
Children
Consistent with the Federal Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting parental consent.
Usage Tracking
WritingForums.Org tracks user traffic patterns throughout all of our sites. However, we do not correlate this information with data about individual users. WritingForums.Org does break down overall usage statistics according to a user's domain name, browser type, and MIME type by reading this information from the browser string (information contained in every user's browser).
WritingForums.Org sometimes tracks and catalogs the search terms that users enter in our Search function, but this tracking is never associated with individual users. We use tracking information to determine which areas of our sites users like and don't like based on traffic to those areas. We do not track what individual users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. This helps us continue to build a better service for you.
Cookies
We may place a text file called a "cookie" in the browser files of your computer. The cookie itself does not contain Personal Information although it will enable us to relate your use of this site to information that you have specifically and knowingly provided. But the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. WritingForums.Org uses cookies to track user traffic patterns (as described above). Our advertising system delivers a one-time cookie to better track ad impressions and click rates.
You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. If you've set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you will receive the warning message with each cookie. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use this site. However, you do need cookies to participate actively in message boards, forums, polling and surveys.
Read more about our Cookie usage here.
USE OF INFORMATION
WritingForums.Org uses any information voluntarily given by our users to enhance their experience in our network of sites, whether to provide interactive or personalized elements on the sites or to better prepare future content based on the interests of our users.
As stated above, we use information that users voluntarily provide in order to send out electronic newsletters and to enable users to participate in polls, surveys, message boards, and forums. We send out newsletters to subscribers on a regular schedule (depending on the newsletter), and occasionally send out special editions when we think subscribers might be particularly interested in something we are doing. WritingForums.Org never shares newsletter mailing lists with any third parties, including advertisers, sponsors or partners.
When we use tracking information to determine which areas of our sites users like and don't like based on traffic to those areas. We do not track what individual users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. This helps us continue to build a better service for you. We track search terms entered in Search function as one of many measures of what interests our users. But we don't track which terms a particular user enters.
WritingForums.Org creates aggregate reports on user demographics and traffic patterns for advertisers, sponsors and partners. This allows our advertisers to advertise more effectively, and allows our users to receive advertisements that are pertinent to their needs. Because we don't track the usage patterns of individual users, an advertiser or sponsor will never know that a specific user clicked their ad. We will not disclose any information about any individual user except to comply with applicable law or valid legal process or to protect the personal safety of our users or the public.
SHARING OF THE INFORMATION
WritingForums.Org uses the above-described information to tailor our content to suit your needs and help our advertisers better understand our audience's demographics. This is essential to keeping our service free. We will not share information about individual users with any third party, except to comply with applicable law or valid legal process or to protect the personal safety of our users or the public.
SECURITY
WritingForums.Org operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our customers.
OPT-OUT POLICY
We give users options wherever necessary and practical. Such choices include:
Opting not to register to receive our electronic newsletters.
Opting not to participate in certain interactive areas, which completely alleviates the need to gather any personally identifiable information from our users
YOUR CONSENT
By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by WritingForums.Org. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
We collect the following information:
Click-stream data
HTTP protocol elements
Search terms
User's Name
Computer information
At the user's option, we may also collect the following data:
Birth Date
Email Address
This data will be used for the following purposes:
Completion and support of the current activity.
Web site and system administration.
Research and development.
This data will be used by ourselves and our agents.
The following explanation is provided for why this data is collected:
Data collected from all Web users: access logs, and search strings (if entered).
At the user's option, we will collect the following data:
HTTP cookies
This data will be used for the following purposes:
Research and development.
One-time tailoring.
This data will be used by ourselves and our agents.
The following explanation is provided for why this data is collected:
COOKIES
Cookies are used to track visitors to our site, so we can better understand what portions of our site best serve you.
Cookies are a technology which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a Web site. A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
Our site makes use of cookies. Cookies are used for the following purposes:
User targeting
Research and development
Because WritingForums.Org gathers certain types of information about our users, we feel you should fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. This privacy statement discloses what information we gather and how we use it. Are you lost, frustrated, or looking for something specific? Our site map will give you an overview of our site in a single glance. Click the link below to navigate to that section.
WritingForums.Org maintains the interactive portion(s) of the Web site as a service free of charge. By using any interactive services provided herein, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the terms, conditions and notices relating to its use.
1. As a condition of your use of this Web site and the interactive services contained therein, you represent and warrant to WritingForums.Org that you will not use this Web site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices.
2. This Web site contains one or more of the following interactive services: bulletin boards, chat areas, news groups, forums, communities and/or other message or communication facilities.
You agree to use such services only to send and receive messages and material that are proper and related to the particular service, area, group, forum, community or other message or communication facility. In addition to any other terms or conditions of use of any bulletin board services, chat areas, news groups, forums, communities and/or other message or communication facilities, you agree that when using one, you will not:
Publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, derogatory, defamatory, infringing, improper, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information.
Upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws or by rights of privacy of publicity unless you own or control such rights or have received all necessary consents.
Upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another's computer.
Advertise any goods or services for any commercial purpose without explicit permission from WritingForums.Org.
Offer to sell any goods or services for any commercial purpose without explicit permission from WritingForums.Org.
Conduct or forward chain letters or pyramid schemes.
Download for distribution in any manner any file posted by another user of a forum that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner.
Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others.
Falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices, proprietary designations, labels of the origin, source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded.
Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying any of the bulletin board services, chat areas, news groups, forums, communities and/or other message or communication facilities.
3. WritingForums.Org has no obligation to monitor the bulletin board services, chat areas, news groups, forums, communities and/or other message or communication facilities. However, WritingForums.Org reserves the right at all times to disclose any information deemed by WritingForums.Org necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part.
4. You acknowledge that communications to or with bulletin board services, chat areas, news groups, forums, communities and/or other message or communication facilities are not private communications, therefore others may read your communications without your knowledge. You should always use caution when providing any personal information about yourself or your children. WritingForums.Org does not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in any bulletin board services, chat areas, news groups, forums, communities and/or other message or communication facilities and, specifically disclaims any liability with regard to same and any actions resulting from your participation. To the extent that there are moderators, forum managers or hosts, none are authorized WritingForums.Org spokespersons, and their views do not necessarily reflect those of WritingForums.Org.
5. The information, products, and services included on this Web site may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically added to the information herein. WritingForums.Org may make improvements and/or changes in this Web site at any time. Advice received via this Web site should not be relied upon for personal, legal or financial decisions and you should consult an appropriate professional for specific advice tailored to your situation.
6. WritingForums.Org MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE SUITABILITY, RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS, AND ACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES CONTAINED ON THIS WEB SITE FOR ANY PURPOSE. ALL SUCH INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.
7. WritingForums.Org HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH REGARD TO THE INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES CONTAINED ON THIS WEB SITE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
8. IN NO EVENT SHALL WritingForums.Org BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS WEB SITE,
WITH THE DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THIS WEB SITE,
WITH THE PROVISION OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE SERVICES, OR
FOR ANY INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS OBTAINED THROUGH THIS WEB SITE, OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS WEB SITE, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF WritingForums.Org HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES.
9. DUE TO THE FACT THAT CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS DO NOT PERMIT OR RECOGNIZE AN EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF THIS WEB SITE, OR WITH ANY OF THESE TERMS OF USE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THIS WEB SITE.
10. WritingForums.Org reserves the right in its sole discretion to deny any user access to this Web site, any interactive service herein, or any portion of this Web site without notice, and the right to change the terms, conditions, and notices under which this Web site is offered.
11. This agreement is governed by the laws of the Illinois, United States. You hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of courts in Illinois, United States, or in the court of WritingForums.orgs/Peoria Promotions choosing, in all disputes arising out of or relating to the use of this website. Use of this website is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these terms and conditions, including without limitation this paragraph. You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and WritingForums.Org as a result of this agreement or use of this Web site. If any part of this agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the agreement shall continue in effect.
12. This agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the user and WritingForums.Org with respect to this Web site and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written with respect to this Web site. A printed version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. Fictitious names of companies, products, people, characters and/or data mentioned herein are not intended to represent any real individual, company, product or event. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
13. WritingForums.Org is a service offered by Peoria Promotions, LLC.
14. All logos and trademarks in this site are property of their respective owner. All posts are property of Peoria Promotions, LLC (WritingForums.org), with the exception of posts made in the Writing Workshop, where creative writing stories, poems, and other forms of creative writing can be posted for critique, without loss of rights. All other content is owned and copyrighted by WritingForums.org/Peoria Promotions, LLC, 2006 - Present.
Forum Rules by which everyone, regardless of membership status, must comply with in order to use WritingForums.Org.
Casca likes this.
Category: About
Published: Oct 4, 2013
Page Views: 20169
FAQ Manager ©2018 Iversia from RPGfix.
Log in with Facebook
Log in with Twitter
Log in with Google
Your name or email address:
Do you already have an account?
No, create an account now.
Yes, my password is:
Forgot your password?
Stay logged in
Sign up now!
FAQ #3
To give another user a direct link to this FAQ answer, use the following BB Code in your post:
Need More Help?
Did this answer your question? If not, please feel free to request assistance in our Suggestions & Feedback support forum.
Creative Writing Forums - Writing Help, Writing Workshops, & Writing Community
Home
About
>
FAQ #3
>
Blogs Home Page
All Blogs
Contests
All Contests
Contest Archives
Bi-Weekly Short Story Contests
Bi-Weekly Poetry Contests
Bi-Weekly Flash Fiction Contests
10th Anniversary Contest
Members
Notable Members
Registered Members
Current Visitors
Recent Activity
Quick Links
Search Forums
Recent Posts
Get Involved
Start a Progress Journal
Find a Writing Prompt
Review Works-in-Progress
Collaborate on a Project
Enter a Contest
Share a Resource
Gallery
Gallery
Quick Links
Categories
Explore User's Albums
New Albums
New Photos
New Videos
New Comments
Collections
Locations
Cameras
Tags Cloud
Resources
Resources
Quick Links
Resource Shortcuts
Search Resources
Newest Resources
Top Resources
Publishers
Writing Software
Grammar Guides
Blogs
Blogs
Quick Links
Blogs Home Page
All Blogs
Information
Information
Quick Links
Contact
FAQ
Rules
Support Us
Workshop
Workshop
Quick Links
Short Stories
Children's Stories
Crime & Thriller
Erotica
Fantasy
Flash Fiction
General Fiction
Horror
Humor & Satire
Mystery
Romance
Science Fiction
War & History
Western
Young Adult
Poetry
Song Lyrics
Non-Fiction
Autobiography & Memoir
Essays
Scripts
Fan Fiction
Novels
Members
Members
Quick Links
Notable Members
Registered Members
Current Visitors
Recent Activity
What's New?
What's New
Quick Links
Recent Activity
New Posts
Newest Resources
Newest Photos
Recent Blog Updates
Current Visitors
Register
Sign up or Login
WritingForums.org offers writing forums, articles, blogs, contests, Writing Workshops, and writing resources - including a publisher and literary agent directory.
Create an Account
Login
Menu
Search
Search titles only
Posted by Member:
Separate names with a comma.
Newer Than:
Useful Searches
Recent Posts
More...
Fundraisers
Contact Us
Home
Top
RSS
Terms of Use
Forum software by XenForo™ ©2010-2016 XenForo Ltd.Some XenForo functionality crafted by Audentio Design.
This site uses cookies to help personalise content, tailor your experience and to keep you logged in if you register.
By continuing to use this site, you are consenting to our use of cookies.
Accept
Learn More...
Dismiss Notice