http://www.mellerstain.com/privacy-policy
Home
About
House & Garden
History
Visit
VISITORS
Garden Map
Cafe
Groups
Whats on
Classical Music
Borders Sculpture Park
NEWS
Contact us
Contact Us
Filming at Mellerstain
Donate
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
STATEMENT OF INTENTOur Privacy Policy explains how and why we collect personal information about you. We are committed to responsible management of personal information in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003.COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATIONIn order to receive certain information and to use certain services on this site you will be asked to provide personal information about yourself such as your name, address and email address. When you provide this information to us you consent to our use of that information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. This information will be used to provide you with the services that you have requested and to provide you with news and information about our products and services. If you no longer want to receive such information just let us know by email and we will stop sending it.STORAGE OF PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe will keep your personal information for as long as we need it to provide our products and/or services to you. We will try to keep personal information which we hold about you up to date, but if you think that we are holding information which is inaccurate or you are otherwise unhappy about our use of your personal information then please send us an email to let us know.SHARING INFORMATIONWe will not sell the personal information that we collect from you. We use the personal information which we collect from you to help us provide our products and/or services to you. Some data processing in relation to this site may be carried out for us by a third party and in some cases that may mean that the third party will receive your personal information. Such third provide guarantees to us that they will provide an adequate level of security. Any date processing carried out for us by a third party will be governed by a written contract between us and that third party, which contract will provide that the third party will only act on our instructions. Apart from this we will not share or transfer any personal information with any other third party unless we are required to do so by law.COOKIESSome websites use ‘cookies’ which are text only strings of information that the website you are visiting transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computer. Their purpose is to identify users and to enhance the user’s experience by customising web pages. A cookie will usually contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has come, an expiry date for the cookie, and a value, which is usually a random generated unique number.Types of cookiesCookies may be either first party cookies or third party cookies. First party cookies are used by the website owner and third party cookies are used by a third party such as an advertiser or a web designer or a website host.Cookies may be session cookies, which are temporary cookies that remain in the cookie file of your browser until you leave the site or persistent cookies, which remain in the cookie file for much longer. How long persistent cookies remain in your browser depends on the duration given to the cookie.Cookies may record personal data such as name, and email address and/or non-personal data such as IP address and unique but anonymous customer identity.This site uses first party cookies to record on an anonymous basisthe precise time that you visit this site;the precise web pages that you view;the websites visited by you before and after you visit this site;to compile anonymous, aggregated statistics that allow us to understand how users use this site to help us to improve the operation of this site;Please note that our cookies will not store your personal details. This site does not use third party cookies.This site uses first party cookies to recordthe precise time that you visit this site;the precise web pages that you view and the websites visited by you before and after you visit this site;to help us recognise you as a unique visitor when you return to this site and to allow us to tailor content for youto compile anonymous, aggregated statistics that allow us to understand how users use this site to help us to improve the operation of this site;to allow you to carry information across pages of our site an avoid having to re-enter information;to allow you to maintain a shopping basket;This site does not use third party cookies.Refusing cookiesYou are entitled to refuse the use of cookies on this site. However, search and shopping basket functionality will not work.You can refuse cookies by making modifying the settings in your browser.For more information about how to manage cookies visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/I.P. ADDRESSThis site logs your Internet Protocol (I.P.) address. All computers that are linked to the Internet have an I.P. number. An I.P. address does not provide identifiable personal information.ACCESSYou are entitled under the Data Protection Act 1998 to a copy of the personal information that we hold about you if you apply to us in writing. We may make a small charge for dealing with any such request.LINKSThis site provides links to other websites. Our Privacy Policy applies only to this site and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of third party sites.
Mellerstain House, Gordon, Scottish Borders
TD3 6LG
© 2020 The Mellerstain Trust (SC011009)
Tel: 01573 410 225
Privacy Policy
Site by Lunncreative