https://www.wmht.org/about/terms/
Terms of UseThe following rules govern your use of WMHT.org. The rules herein apply to all materials, online communications and other information that is or becomes available on WMHT.org (collectively called "Information"). By visiting and using WMHT.org, you specifically agree to abide by these rules and any modifications thereto. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please do not use this Information. All content of this Internet site is owned or controlled by WMHT Educational Telecommunications ("WMHT").Consent to TermsWe reserve the right, at our discretion, to modify, add or delete portions of these terms at any time by posting updated terms on WMHT.org. Please check these terms frequently for updates. Any modifications, additions or deletions to these terms shall be effective immediately upon posting of updated terms of use. Your continued use of the Information following the posting of updated terms of use will mean that you agree to those changes.Links to Third Party SitesWMHT.org may contain links or references to other Web sites. Please be aware that neither the WMHT Terms of Service, nor the WMHT Privacy Policy Terms and Condition apply to those Web sites (third party sites.) We encourage you to read the privacy policy and terms of service of every Web site you visit. Further, WMHT does not endorse the content, operators, products or services of such sites and WMHT is not responsible or liable for the content, operators, availability, accuracy, quality, advertising, products, services or other materials on or available from such sites. WMHT shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, products, or services available on or through such sites.Personal Uses PermittedWMHT.org is an online information exchange service for use by WMHT and the general public. You shall not post, publish, transmit, reproduce, distribute, or in any way use or exploit any Information for commercial purposes or otherwise use the Information in a manner that is inconsistent with these rules and regulations.User's Obligation to Abide By Applicable LawIn connection with the use of WMHT.org, Users shall not engage in conduct or publish information which would infringe upon or injure the personal or property rights of any individual, group, or entity, including but not limited to defamation, harassment, invasion of privacy, tort, or disclosure of confidential or trade secrets. Furthermore, Users shall not violate any law or treaty or intellectual property rights protected by law (such as copyright, patent and trademark rights). Users acknowledge that the Information available on WMHT.org may include intellectual property that is protected under the copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws of the United States and/or other countries ("Intellectual Property Laws"). Such Intellectual Property Laws generally prohibit the unauthorized reproduction, distribution, or exhibition of all text, photographic and graphic (art and electronic) images, music, sound samplings, and other protected materials. The violation of applicable Intellectual Property Laws may give rise to civil and/or criminal penalties. Users who repeatedly post material that violates this policy will be prohibited from posting to WMHT.org or its social media platforms.Disclosure of Online CommunicationsYou are cautioned that any online communications may not be fully confidential. In addition, you should be aware that federal postal regulations do not protect electronic mail. You should be aware that some administrative personnel of WMHT may, in the course of their regular duties, have access to communications required by law.Rogue Programming and VirusesWMHT is not responsible for any computer virus, trojan horse, timebomb, worm, or any other rogue programming ("Rogue Programming") that may be contained in any of the information or software contained on WMHT.org. WMHT has no obligation to detect the presence of any Rogue Programming. Any downloading of software or other materials or any other use of the Information on WMHT.org is at your risk, and you are advised to take adequate precautions to minimize any loss to your system caused by Rogue Programming, including use of anti-virus programs and proper backup of files. You agree not to post, transmit, or make available in any way through WMHT.org any software or other materials that contain Rogue Programming.Content of InformationYou are responsible for the content of any Information you put on WMHT.org. WMHT has no obligation to, and does not in the normal course, monitor or control any Information that is or becomes available on WMHT.org. WMHT reserves the right to review any Information that is or becomes available on WMHT.org. WMHT reserves the right to refuse to post or to remove any Information that is, in WMHT's sole discretion, unacceptable, undesirable, or in violation of these rules. However, WMHT has no obligation to exercise such reservation of rights by WMHT.Disclaimer of WarrantiesWMHT.org is provided on an "As Is" basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation warranties of title, non-infringement, or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. WMHT does not warrant that any information is complete or accurate, that WMHT.org will be uninterrupted or error free, or that any information is free of Rogue Programming.Further, the Information in the planned giving section of the Web site is not designed to act as legal or financial information relevant to a users individual situation. While we are glad to provide general information, this information should be reviewed by the user's professional advisors prior to any action.Limitation of DamagesUnder no circumstance, including negligence, shall WMHT be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages that may result from the use or inability to use WMHT.org, including without limitation use of or reliance on information available on WMHT.org, interruptions, errors, defects, mistakes, omissions, deletions of files, delays in operation or transmission, non-delivery of information, disclosure of communications, or any other failure of performance.Release and IndemnityYou hereby release and waive any and all claims and/or liability against WMHT arising from or in connection with your use of WMHT.org. You also agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless WMHT from and against any and all claims or liability, including costs and attorneys fees, arising from or in connection with your use of WMHT.org or failure to abide by applicable law.ModificationsThese rules may be modified by WMHT from time to time and such modifications will be binding on you when placed online.WMHT Privacy Policy Terms and ConditionsWMHT Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions provides additional terms and conditions that apply to your use of our site.If you do not agree to these WMHT.org Terms of Use, please do not use the site.