http://www.margaret-murphy.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: http://www.margaret-murphy.co.uk.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Contact forms
When you make contact using the contact us form, we will collect your name and email address. This data is collected so that we can respond to you.
Mailing list
Should you sign up for the Margaret Murphy mailing list, we will collect your email address only so that we can send occasional mailing to you. We need your email address to be able to do this.
Cookies
Analytics
This site uses Google Analytics. These cookies store information like the number of visitors to the website, the number of unique visitors, which pages of the website have been visited, the source of the visit etc. These data help us understand and analyse how well the website performs and where it needs improvement.
Google Analytics
Cookie name: _gaExpires: 2 yearsUsage: Used to distinguish users.
Cookie name: _gidExpires: 24 hoursUsage: Used to distinguish users.
Cookie name: _gatExpires: 1 minuteUsage: Used to throttle request rate.
Who we share your data with
We do not intentionally share your data with any third-party. Mailing list email addresses are stored on the Mail Chimp servers and subject to their policy at https://mailchimp.com/legal.
How long we retain your data
If you subscribe to our mailing list, your email address will be retained indefinitely or until the mailing list is discontinued. If discontinued, all email addresses will be deleted from file on local or mail Chimp servers subject to their policy.  This is so we can continue to send you updates until such time as you unsubscribe. If you contact us using the online form or email directly, we will store your email address for a maximum period of two years.
What rights you have over your data
If you have subscribed to our mailing list or made contact, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Contact information
Should you have any privacy-specific concerns, please email info.margaret.murphy@gmail.com.