http://www.bluegrass.com/planet/privacy-policy
Horizontal Arrow
Vertical Arrow
close
flueron
Planet Bluegrass Symbol
nav-open
Circle
Community Icon
Journey Icon
Strings Icon
Tent Icon
Tree Icon
Facebook Icon
Forum Icon
Instagram Icon
Twitter Icon
Youtube Icon
Website Privacy Policy
This privacy policy describes Planet Bluegrass’s current policies and practices with regard to personal data collected through our websites bluegrass.com and festivarian.com. The term “personal data” refers to personally identifiable information about you, such as your name, birth date, credit card number, e-mail address or mailing address, and any other information that is identified with you personally, including your individual health information.
Planet Bluegrass is continually improving and adding new functionality and features to its websites and improving and adding to our existing products, services, and programs. Because of these ongoing changes, changes in the law, and the changing nature of technology, Planet Bluegrass’s data practices will change from time to time. If and when our data practices change, Planet Bluegrass will post the changes on our websites to notify you of the changes. We encourage you to check this page frequently. This policy was last updated on April 10, 2019.
Other than cookies, as described below, the only personal data Planet Bluegrass currently collects through its websites is the information you voluntarily give us when you use our sites. For example, you may use this site to contact Planet Bluegrass with questions and comments. When you fill out a form on our websites, you may provide your name and other contact information, including your company’s name, your e-mail address, and your mailing address or the mailing address of your company or other personal information. If you do not wish to fill out all of the information on the form you are not required to do so. Most of our registration forms require only your name and e-mail address. When you submit information to us through bluegrass.com, you will receive a confirmation e-mail if you enter a valid e-mail address. When you use our websites to search for information about our festival, you are not providing us with any personal information. We offer the search features as a service to you. Planet Bluegrass does not collect or retain any identifying information about you when you use the search features.
Planet Bluegrass uses the personal data information you provide to answer your question or resolve your problem. Planet Bluegrass also use this information to help us improve the content and functionality of our websites, to better understand our customers and markets, and to improve our products and services. Planet Bluegrass may use this information to contact you in the future to tell you about products or services we believe will be of interest to you. If we do so, each communication we send you will contain instructions permitting you to “unsubscribe’ from receiving future communications.
Similarly, we may provide “subscription” e-mail services which enable you to receive current news and updates about Planet Bluegrass events. For all such services, we will provide an opportunity to “unsubscribe” from, or cancel, the subscription.
In addition to the information you provide when you use our websites, Planet Bluegrass uses technology to collect anonymous information about the use of our websites. For example, we use technology to track how many visitors access our websites, the date and time of their visit, the length of their stay, and which pages they viewed. We also use technology to determine which web browsers our visitors use and the address from which they accessed our sites (for example, if they connected to bluegrass.com by clicking on one of our banner ads).
This technology does not identify you personally. It simply enables us to compile statistics about our visitors and their use of our sites. Planet Bluegrass uses this anonymous data and shares it with third parties to improve the content and functionality of our websites, to better understand our customers and markets, and to improve our products and services.
A cookie is a small piece of information that is sent to your browser and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies do not damage your computer and they cannot be used to discover the identity of a user. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. This enables you to decide if you want to accept it or not and whether you are required to accept the cookie to view certain content. Planet Bluegrass may use cookies to “persist” a user session that is, to maintain connection with a user as he or she moves through an application or series of web pages. The purpose of cookies in this context is to remember user inputs. For example, a “shopping cart” application records purchases up until the user reaches checkout. Personalization features also use cookies to identify groups of users and deliver appropriate content and services.
As you browse bluegrass.com, advertising cookies will be placed on your computer so that we can understand what you are interested in. Our display advertising partner then enables us to present you with retargeting advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with Planet Bluegrass. The techniques our partners employ do not collect personal information such as your name, email address, postal address, or telephone number. You can visit this page to opt out of AdRoll’s and their partners’ targeted advertising.
Planet Bluegrass does not share any of the personal data collected through this website with our affiliates.
While no method of data transmission is guaranteed against unlawful third party interception or other misuse, Planet Bluegrass uses commercially reasonable efforts to ensure protection of your data including industry-standard encryption and offline security methods at our physical facilities. Planet Bluegrass employees and contractors may have access to personal data. Such access will be limited to a need-to-know basis.
Planet Bluegrass may make forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Planet Bluegrass does not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of 13. If you are under thirteen, please do not give us any personal data. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided personal data to Planet Bluegrass, please contact us, and we will try to delete that information from our databases.
This privacy policy applies only to Planet Bluegrass’s websites. Planet Bluegrass’s websites contain hyperlinks to websites that are not operated by Planet Bluegrass. These hyperlinks are provided for your reference and convenience only and do not imply any endorsement of the activities of these third-party websites or any association with their operators. Planet Bluegrass does not control these websites and is not responsible for their data practices. We urge you to review the privacy policy posted on any site you visit before using the site or providing any personal data about yourself.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or concerns about the way Planet Bluegrass processes your personal data, please contact us at webmaster@bluegrass.com.