http://www.tinydancers.com/faq-privacy
about
program
wiggletoes
ages 3-6
ages 6-12
holiday camps
private lesson registration
livestream birthday parties
in-studio birthday parties
virtual classes
virtual holiday camps
online fall registration
private lesson registration -virtual
in-studio
studio holiday camps
alexandria fall 2020
fairfax fall 2020
mosaic fall 2020
private lesson registration
Information
Contact
directions
makeup classes
your opinions
FAQ
Important dates 2020-2021
Blog
faq
privacy
We value your privacy. When you simply visit our website, we do not collect any personally identifiable information unless you provide it. General site logs containing information such as ISP, pages viewed or search engine queries are used for internal purposes only. This data does not include personally identifiable information. If you request more information and provide contact details, we may use this information within our company for the purpose of responding to your inquiries and/or providing follow-up information about our programs. We also may add you to the Tiny Dancers email list so you can receive information and special offers. This information will not be sold or used for any other purposes, except as described below. At any time, you may opt out of receiving our information by just sending us a reply that says 'Remove' in the subject line or body of the email.In the case of online registration, we collect contact information such as guardian names, addresses, phone numbers, emergency contacts, e-mail address and student information such as student names, birthdays, medical conditions, and your comments. Some of the information is required and is noted with a red asterisk on the forms. This information is needed to manage studio business and will not be sold or used for any other purpose, except as described below. Some of the information is optional (NOT marked with a red asterisk). Optional information is requested to help us better understand our customers and is used only as needed for studio business.
When you provide your mobile number, we may use it to contact you via voice or text regarding Company business. This information will not be used or sold for any other purposes, except as described below. We will not sell, rent or trade your personal information to any third party.Who has access to my information?Tiny Dancers will access your personal information and may share it with third parties for the following purposes: (i) as needed for studio business; (ii) if required to do so by law or to comply with legal process; or (iii) to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of our students, staff or the public.When you register online, you are required to enter an e-mail address and a password. The combination of that e-mail account and password is used to ensure that only you have access to your customer portal. Tiny Dancers office personnel have access to your personal information only for studio management purposes and to contact you with regard to Company business.If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or if you wish to update or remove any of your personal information, please contact the office.