http://www.thereminworld.com/privacy-policy
Toggle navigation
Theremin World
Learn
What's a Theremin?
Articles
Theremin FAQ
Buyers Guide
Inspiration
History
Theremin Models
RCA Theremin Registry
Clara Rockmore
Other historical instruments
Play
Events
Theremin Lessons
Repertoire
Other Resources
Media
Photo Albums
Theremin Videos
Films
Sounds and Audio Links
Tech
Schematics
RCA Theremin Tech
Keppinger Theremins
Mods
Software
Resources for Builders
Store
Theremins and Kits
Theremin Buyers Guide
Recommended Effects
Theremin Music
Theremin Method Books
Theremin Apps
Accessories
Theremin Books
Logo Gear
Auctions
Forums
Recent Posts
Most Popular Topics
All Forums
Code of Conduct
search
search
Privacy PolicyUpdated March 27th, 2018Our policy is simple. We will never sell or give away your private information without your explicit consent. We do not currently maintain any sort of email list. We will also never send you an e-mail unless you opt in to receive them. We respect your privacy, and we don't want any concerns about privacy getting in the way of your enjoyment of the theremin. You can control whether you receive emails for private messages in your profile settings page, and you can subscribe or unsubscribe to email notifications for forum posts on each thread. By default, you will not be subscribed to any email notifications from the forums. When you post in our forums or post comments to articles, we do record your IP address, the type of browser you are using, and something called the Http Referer. These bits of information are necessary for a spam-checking service we rely on. If spam wasn't a problem, we wouldn't care, but we want to help keep the forums on topic, so it's an unfortunate necessity.ThereminWorld.com uses Google Advertising Tracking features along with Google Analytics to help us better understand how people find our site and how easily they find content on the site. We use this information purely to optimize the site for your experience. If you wish to opt out of this tracking, you may do so here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/We participate in affiliate programs to help offset the cost of running this website. If you click an affiliate link to one of our partners (such as Amazon.com, eBay.com, Musicians Friend, Guitar Center, Reverb, iTunes, Sheet Music Plus, etc.), then those services might use cookies to track your visit. Please review the privacy policies for those companies to understand how they use your data and your rights.If you have a concern about your personal information on this website or you wish to have your account removed, please contact us and we will work closely with you to address your requests as quickly as possible.Thank you for reading this far. Now go forth, and play the theremin!
Recent Forum Posts
by dewster on Teensy 4.0 600MHz ARM Cortex M-7 MCU - ideal for digital MCU based theremin? 5 hours ago
by dewster on My New Year gift to TW: A new theremin circuit 9 hours ago
by Cortex 007 on Custom Left Handed Etherwave PRO 11 hours ago
by Buggins on Armstrong, Hartley, Colpitts, Clapp, Wallin... 12 hours ago
by CB Thereminist on Claravox Centennial Theremin - Post Your Thoughts Here 1 day ago
Recent Comments
by gingercat on article Moog Music Introduces Claravox Centennial Theremin 37 days ago:
"I pre-ordered one - I have a bad habit of waiting too long for new stuff then missing out but not this time :)"
by hypergolic on article Moog Music Introduces Claravox Centennial Theremin 46 days ago:
"I pre-ordered one. I've kicked myself for years for not getting a Pro when they were available.Fleep"
by robonil on article Moog Music Introduces Claravox Centennial Theremin 49 days ago:
"Best gift ever to the world for 100 years of Theremin!"
by LouiseBialik on article Partake in online workshops with Lydia Kavina! 51 days ago:
"I am studying Theremin with Lydia Kavina who is most patient and encouraging. Plus the Sunday workshop enhances understanding and relationship with t..."
by klausschwarz on article A DIY Wine Box Theremin 142 days ago:
"cool"