https://www.mielkesfiberarts.com/policies/
You are here: Home / Policies
Privacy and Return Policies
Privacy Policy
We do not share, sell, trade, rent or otherwise distribute the names and/or contact information of our customers.
This privacy policy complies with the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
This Privacy Policy describes how and when we collect, use, and share information when you purchase an item from us, contact us, or otherwise use our services through MielkesFiberArts.com
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that we do not own or control.
1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
To fulfill your order, you must provide us with certain information, such as your name, phone number, email address, postal address, and the details of the product(s) that you’re ordering.
2. WHY WE NEED YOUR INFORMATION & HOW WE USE IT
We rely on a number of legal bases to collect, use, and share your information, including:
– as needed to provide our services, such as when we use your information to fulfil your order, to settle disputes, or to provide customer support;
– when you have provided your affirmative consent, which you may revoke at any time, such as by signing up for our mailing list;
– if necessary to comply with a legal obligation or court order or in connection with a legal claim, such as retaining information about your purchases if required by tax law;
– as necessary for the purpose of our legitimate interests, if those legitimate interests are not overridden by your rights or interests, such as providing and improving our services. We use your information to provide the services you requested and in our legitimate interest to improve our services.
3. INFORMATION SHARING & DISCLOSURE
Information about our customers are important to our business. We share your personal information for very limited reasons and in limited circumstances, as follows:
– Service providers. We engage certain trusted third parties to perform functions and provide services to our shop, such as delivery companies. We will share your personal information with these third parties, but only to the extent necessary to perform these services.
– Business transfers. If we sell or merge our business, we may disclose your information as part of that transaction, only to the extent permitted by law.
– Compliance with laws. We may collect, use, retain, and share your information if we have a good belief that it is reasonably necessary to: (a) respond to legal process or to government requests; (b) enforce our agreements, terms and policies; (c) prevent, investigate, and address fraud and other illegal activity, security, or technical issues; or (d) protect the rights, property, and safety of our customers, or others.
– Data Retention. We retain your personal information only for as long as necessary to provide you with my services and as described in my Privacy Policy. However, we may also be required to retain this information to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations, to resolve disputes, and to enforce our agreements. We generally keep your data for up to7 years (as required by US tax law).
– Transfers of Personal Information Outside the EU. We may store and process your information through third-party hosting services in the US and other jurisdictions. As a result, we may transfer your personal information to a jurisdiction with different data protection and government surveillance laws than your jurisdiction.
4. YOUR RIGHTS
If you reside in certain territories, including the EU, you have a number of rights in relation to your personal information. While some of these rights apply generally, certain rights apply only in certain limited cases. we describe these rights below:
– Access. You may have the right to access and receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you by contacting us using the contact information below.
– Change, restrict, delete. You may also have rights to change, restrict our use of, or delete your personal information. Apart from exceptional circumstances (like where we are required to store data for legal reasons) we will generally delete your personal information upon request.
– Object. You can object to (i) our processing of some of your information based on our legitimate interests and (ii) receiving marketing messages from us after providing your express consent to receive them. In such cases, we will delete your personal information unless we have compelling and legitimate grounds to continue using that information or if it is needed for legal reasons.
– Complain. If you reside in the EU and wish to raise a concern about our use of your information (and without prejudice to any other rights you may have), you have the right to do so with your local data protection authority.
5. HOW TO CONTACT US
For purposes of EU data protection law, we, Mielke’s Fiber Arts, LLC, are the data controller of your personal information. If you have any questions or concerns, you may email us at: andrea [at] mielkesfiberarts.com
Alternately, you may write to our data controller at:
Amy Dressel, N4826 21st Ave Mauston WI 53948
Return Policy
Call or email for an authorization before returning any item(s). We do not accept returns of videos, unless defective. Returns of in-stock items in re-saleable condition will receive a refund of the purchase price (minus shipping and handling) if the return is made within thirty days of purchase. Re-saleable condition means the item(s) must be in the original, un-damaged packaging, along with any and/or all accessories, parts and instructions. Returns of special ordered items will receive a refund of the purchase price (minus shipping and handling) and a 15% re-stocking fee. You are responsible for return shipping costs. You are responsible to pack the item(s) in such a way as to insure their safe and intact arrival. Please note, if the item you ordered qualified for free shipping, the actual cost of shipping it to you will be deducted from the refund price of the item.
Defective Merchandise
We try to inspect all merchandise before shipping, but if something you receive is defective, notify us right away, and we will do what we can to correct the situation.
Terms and Conditions
PagesHome Page
About
Blog
Contact
Directions
Login
Newsletter
Shop Online
Policies
SEARCH THIS SITE
Product CategoriesBooks & DVDs
Braiding
Dyeing
Felting
Fibers
Knitting & Crochet
Lacemaking
PRODUCT CATEGORIESLocker Hooking
Naalbinding
Rugmaking
Silk Fusion
Spinning
Weaving
Clearance
Scroll to top
This site uses cookies to make your shopping experience work smoothly. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Privacy PolicyOK
Yes, we are still taking orders and shipping! Free shipping on domestic US orders over $199.99. Select "Free Shipping" option during checkout. Dismiss