http://www.hamptongalleries.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Top Menu
Top Menu
Home
Our Team
101 Tips
Food
My Journey
Home Tips
Talk to Us
Ads
Privacy
Terms
Expand Search Form
Search
Blog Policy:
Jenny ("Jenny")
operates www.hamptongalleries.com and may operate other websites. It
is Jenny policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Jenny collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Jenny purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how Jenny visitors use its website. From time to
time, Jenny may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Jenny also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on www.hamptongalleries.com
blogs/sites. Jenny only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Jenny websites choose to interact
with Jenny in ways that require Jenny to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Jenny gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at www.hamptongalleries.com to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Jenny are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Jenny collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
Jenny. Jenny does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Jenny may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Jenny may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Jenny does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Jenny discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on Jenny behalf or to provide services available
at Jenny websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using Jenny websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. Jenny will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Jenny discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when Jenny believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Jenny, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Jenny website and have supplied your email address, Jenny
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with Jenny and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Jenny takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Jenny uses cookies to
help Jenny identify and track visitors, their usage of Jenny
website, and their website access preferences. Jenny visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using Jenny websites, with the drawback that certain features
of Jenny websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Jenny, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Jenny goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of Jenny may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by Jenny and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Blog Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Jenny may change
its Blog Policy from time to time, and in Jenny sole
discretion. Jenny encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Blog Policy. If you have a www.hamptongalleries.com account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Blog Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Leave a Reply Cancel reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name *
Email *
Website
Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Search for:
Recent Posts
Everything You Need To Know Before Hiring Professional Aircon Repair In Singapore
Tips For Buying A Dryer Machine In Malaysia
Reasons To Pick an Experienced SG Plumber
Choosing A Partition Contractor In Singapore
Avoid Plumbing Problems with These Tips
Videos of the Week
Find PartnerFacebookTwitterYouTubeResourcesRenovate Magazine
Homebuilding & Renovating
Ad Sponsor https://www.houselogic.com/improve/