https://www.michaelcrichton.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Biography
FAQ
For Younger Readers
Official Crichton Archives
Blog
Writer
Filmmaker
Television
Awards
Visionary
Doctor
Programmer
Teacher
Adventurer
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy Policy
­
Privacy PolicyMC Website2015-06-22T18:49:32+00:00
CrichtonSun LLC – Website Privacy Policy
CrichtonSun LLC Privacy Policy
This website (the “Site”) is published and maintained by CrichtonSun LLC (“CrichtonSun”).  CrichtonSun is referred to in this Privacy Policy as “we,” “us,” “our,” or similar pronouns. This Privacy Policy governs your use of the CrichtonSun Site on which this Privacy Policy is posted. By visiting this Site, and/or using the services offered on or through this Site, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy as they may be amended from time to time. As we update and expand our services, this Privacy Policy may change, so check back to this page from time to time.
Purpose
This Site is intended for users who are located in the United States of America.  Your privacy is a serious matter to us. In order to make your visits to our Site and use of the services available through our Site as worthwhile as possible, we may ask you for Personal Information and we may collect certain information from your computer each time you visit us. “Personal Information” includes, for example, your name; home and/or business address; e-mail address; telephone, wireless number; short message service or text message address or other wireless device address; instant messaging address; demographic information and/or other information that may identify you as an individual or allow online or offline contact with you as an individual. This privacy statement explains, in general, what Personal Information and other information is collected on our Site, how the information is used, and with whom we may share such information. Please take a few minutes to read our Privacy Policy so that you understand how CrichtonSun treats your information. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information that you may provide to us, or that we may obtain, other than through our Site, such as by phone, through the mail or through any other means or medium.
Right to Opt Out
You have the right to “opt-out” of certain of our uses of your Personal Information. For example, at the time you are requested to provide Personal Information on this Site, you may have the opportunity to elect to, or not to receive correspondence from us. You may also opt-out of CrichtonSun’s promotional e-mails by clicking on an opt-out link within the e-mail you receive. Please understand that if you opt-out of receiving correspondence from us, we may still contact you in connection with your relationship, activities, transactions and communications with us. In the limited situations, if any, in which we may share your Personal Information with a third party for their marketing purposes, we will either obtain your consent first or give you the ability to elect not to have your Personal Information shared.
What Information is Collected on this Site
User-Provided Information.
We collect Personal Information from users of our Site. Such information is collected, for example, when users register or subscribe for accounts or features on our Site, enter sweepstakes and contests, complete surveys, contribute to a chat room, bulletin board, list serve, blog, wiki, or other open forum that we may make available on or through our Site, submit a comment or question to us using a “contact us” or similar feature on our Site, send us an e-mail, or in any other way submit Personal Information to us via our Site.
Cookies
We may use “cookies” to keep, and sometimes track, information about you. Cookies are small data files that are sent to your browser or related software from a Web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies track where you travel on our Site and what you look at and purchase. They may store the information in your shopping cart, and/or your username and/or password. A cookie may enable us to relate your use of our Site to other information about you, including your Personal Information. All of these purposes serve to improve and personalize your experience on our Site. Most Web browsers can be set to inform you when a cookie has been sent to you and provide you with the opportunity to refuse that cookie. Additionally, if you have a Flash player installed on our computer, your Flash player can be set to reject or delete Flash cookies. However, refusing a cookie may, in some cases, preclude you from using, or negatively impact the display or function of, the Site or certain areas or features of the Site.
IP Address and Clickstream Data
Our server automatically collects data about your server’s Internet address when you visit us. This information, known as an Internet Protocol address, or IP Address, is a number that’s automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider whenever you’re on the Internet. When you request pages from our Site, our servers may log your IP Address and sometimes your domain name. Our server may also record the referring page that linked you to us (e.g., another Site or a search engine); the pages you visit on this Site; the Site you visit after this Site; other information about the type of Web browser, computer, platform, related software and settings you are using; any search terms you have entered on this Site or a referral site; and other Web usage activity and data logged by our Web servers. We use this information for internal system administration, to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Site. Such information may also be used to gather broad demographic information, such as country of origin and Internet Service Provider. We may also link this information with your Personal Information. Any or all of these activities with regard to Site Usage Information may be performed on our behalf by our services providers.
Clear GIFs
We may use “clear GIFs” (aka “Web beacons” or “pixel tags”) or similar technologies, in the Site or in our communications with you to enable us to know whether you have visited a Site page or received a message. A clear GIF is typically a one-pixel, transparent image (although it can be a visible image as well), located on a Site page or in an e-mail or other type of message, which is retrieved from a remote site on the Internet enabling the verification of an individual’s viewing or receipt of a Site page or message. A clear gif may enable us to relate your viewing or receipt of a Site page or message to other information about you, including your Personal Information.
How is the Personal Information used?
We will use the Personal Information you provide to our Site, for example, to respond to your requests and to provide you with our product and service offerings. For example, we will respond to your requests and inquiries and provide you with the services and features offered on or through our Site. We may also use your Personal Information to maintain our internal record keeping. We may match information collected from you through different means or at different times, including both Personal Information and Site Usage Information, and use such information along with information obtained from other sources, including third parties. In addition, we may send you notices (for example, in the form of e-mails, mailings, and the like), and otherwise correspond with you, about products, services, companies and events, sponsored by us and others, that we think might interest you. You may opt-out of receiving such notices from us by following the instructions in the Right to Opt Out section above. We may analyze user behavior as a measure of interest in, and use of, our Site and e-mails, both on an individual basis and in the aggregate.
Do we share Personal Information and Website Usage information with others?
Public Forums
When you contribute to a public area or feature of our Site, such as a chat room, bulletin board, list serve, blog, wiki, or other open forum that we may make available on or through our Site, the information that you submit will be made available to the general public. For this reason, we recommend that you do not submit your full name, home address, phone number, or other information that would enable other users to locate you, or submit any information you regard as sensitive, such as financial information, on these areas of our Site. You can make up a username that does not disclose your personal identity.
Service Providers
We may use third party partners to help operate our Site and deliver our products and services, and may share your information with our affiliates, service providers and other third parties that provide products or services for or through this Site or for our business (such as Site or database hosting companies, address list hosting companies, e-mail service providers, analytics companies, distribution companies, fulfillment companies, and other similar service providers that use such information on our behalf).
Aggregate Statistics
We may disclose aggregate statistics regarding user behavior as a measure of interest in, and use of, our Site and e-mails to third parties in the form of aggregate data, such as overall patterns or demographic reports that do not describe or identify any individual user.
Legally Compelled Disclosures
We may disclose user information to government authorities, and to other third parties when compelled to do so by government authorities, at our discretion, or otherwise as required by law, including but not limited to in response to court orders and subpoenas. We also may disclose user information when we have reason to believe that someone is or may be causing injury to or interference with our rights or property, other users of the Site, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities.
Wireless Addresses
If the email address you provide to us is a wireless email address, you agree to receive messages at such address from CrichtonSun (unless and until you have elected not to receive such messages by following the instructions in the Right to Opt Out section above). You understand that your wireless carrier’s standard rates apply to these messages, and that you may change your mind at any time by following the instructions in the Right to Opt Out section above. You represent that you are the owner or authorized user of the wireless device on which messages will be received, and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges.
Third Party Ad Servers
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Site. If so, a list of these ad serving companies will be available. These companies may use information (generally not including your name, address email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. These companies may employ cookies and clear gifs to measure advertising effectiveness. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and clear gifs is generally not personally identifiable (unless, for example, you provide personally identifiable information to them through an ad or e-mail message). We encourage you to read these businesses’ privacy policies if you should have any concerns about how they will care for your Personal Information.
Your Access Rights
You may update Personal Information that is stored in your user account in support of this Site by visiting www.michaelcrichton.com or by e-mailing officialmcwebsite@michaelcrichton.com. If you make this request by e-mail, we will send you a copy of the Personal Information we have on file in your user account (if any). You may send us new or updated information at any time. We will endeavor to respond to your request to access, update or delete your information as soon as practicable. Before we are able to provide you with any information, correct any inaccuracies or delete any information, however, we may ask you to verify your identity and to provide other details to help us to respond to your request.
Security
CrichtonSun will take reasonable steps to protect the security and integrity of all Personal Information provided to this Site. However, due to the inherent nature of the Internet as an open global communications vehicle, we cannot guarantee that information, during transmission through the Internet or while stored on our system or otherwise in our care, will be absolutely safe from intrusion by others, such as hackers.
If you contact us by e-mail or a “contact us” or similar feature on our Site, you should be aware that your transmission might not be secure. A third party could view information you send by these methods in transit.
You may be able to create an account on our Site with a username and password. If so, you are responsible for maintaining the strict confidentiality of your account password, and you shall be responsible for any access to or use of the Site by you or any person or entity using your password, whether or not such access or use has been authorized by or on behalf of you, and whether or not such person or entity is your employee or agent. You agree to (a) immediately notify CrichtonSun of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. It is your sole responsibility to control the dissemination and use of your password, control access to and use of your account, and notify CrichtonSun when you desire to cancel your account on this Site. We will not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this provision.
We will have no liability for disclosure of your information due to errors or unauthorized acts of third parties during or after transmission.
In the unlikely event that we believe that the security of your Personal Information in our possession or control may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you of that development. If a notification is appropriate, we would endeavor to do so as promptly as possible under the circumstances, and, to the extent we have your e-mail address, we may notify you by e-mail. You consent to our use of e-mail as a means of such notification. If you do not want us to use e-mail to notify you in such an event, you may e-mail us at officialmcwebsite@michaelcrichton.com and provide us with an alternative means of contacting you in such an event, such as a physical mailing address.
Phishing
With identity theft a continuing problem, it has become increasingly common for unauthorized individuals to send e-mail messages to consumers, purporting to represent a legitimate company such as a bank or on-line merchant, requesting that the consumer provide personal, often sensitive information. Sometimes, the domain name of the e-mail address from which the e-mail appears to have been sent, and the domain name of the web site requesting such information, appears to be the domain name of a legitimate, trusted company. In reality, such sensitive information is received by an unauthorized individual to be used for purposes of identity theft. This illegal activity has come to be known as “phishing.”  If you receive an e-mail or other correspondence requesting that you provide any sensitive information (including your Site password or credit card information) via e-mail or to a web site that does not seem to be affiliated with our Site, or that otherwise seems suspicious to you, please do not provide such information, and report such request to us at www.michaelcrichton.com.
Third Party “Linked-To” Sites
When you are on our Site you may have the opportunity to visit, or link to, other sites not operated by CrichtonSun, including other Sites operated by unaffiliated third parties. These sites may collect Personal Information about you. CrichtonSun does not control sites that are operated by these entities and is not responsible for the information practices of these sites. This Privacy Policy does not address the information practices of those other Sites.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
CrichtonSun reserves the right to change or update this Privacy Policy, or any other of our policies or practices, at any time, and will notify users of this Site by posting such changed or updated Privacy Policy on this page. Any changes or updates will be effective immediately upon posting to this Site. Under certain circumstances (for example, if a change impacts the way we treat a child’s Personal Information), we will also notify you of changes or updates to our Privacy Policy by additional means, such as posting a notice on the front page of our Site or sending you an e-mail. If you are a parent, we will obtain your consent to such changes.
Miscellaneous
This Privacy Policy and the relationship between you and us regarding it shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. Any claim or cause of action that may arise under this Privacy Policy shall be commenced and be heard in the appropriate court (state or federal) in the State of California, County of Los Angeles. You hereby submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within Los Angeles County in the State of California.