http://www.keithurban.net/pages/privacy-policy2020
Skip to content
Search
Store Log in
Store Sign Up
Cart
(0)
Check Out
Menu
Home
Tour
Music
Store
+
New Items
Holiday Collection
THE SPEED OF NOW
Apparel
+
T-Shirts
Tank Tops
Sweatshirts
Sweatpants
Accessories
+
Enamel Pins
Drinkware
Hats
Stickers
Patches
Pop Sockets
Music
+
Albums
Tour DVDs
Guitar Accessories
Tour
Gift Cards
Phoenix Club
Autographs
Sale
The 'Ville
Log in
Sign up
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Home
›
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated and effective as of June 20, 2020
This website is operated by ONELIVE, LLC (trading as “ONELIVE”) on behalf of Monkeyville On Vine, Inc. (referred to in this Privacy Policy as "we," "us" or "our"). This Privacy Policy ("Policy") explains how we collect, use, share, and protect information that we learn about you as a result of your interaction with us through the websites on which this Policy is posted, including the websites that you may access using your mobile or handheld electronic device (collectively, "Sites"), and through the services provided through the Sites ("Services"). By accessing any portion of the Sites or using any of the Services, you agree to the practices described in this Policy and you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as set out in this Policy. Your use of our services is subject to this Policy and our Terms of Use. If you do not wish to provide your consent and/or do not agree with any part of this Policy, you must discontinue all use of the Sites and the Services immediately.
When does this Policy apply?
What is the effective date of this Policy?
What is our policy on children’s privacy?
What information about you do we collect and how do we use it?
How do our Sites and Services use cookies and other tracking technologies?
What is our policy on tracking?
Will we share your information with other parties?
What choices do you have about the collection and use of your information?
What security measures do we take?
What are your California Privacy Rights?
Does this Policy apply outside the United States?
How can you contact us with questions about this Policy or our privacy practices?
When does this policy apply?
This Policy applies solely to our online information collection, use and disclosure practices in connection with the Sites, and does not apply to any of our practices conducted offline.
This Policy is only applicable to the Sites and not to any other website or service that you may be able to access from any of the Sites, or use in connection with the Sites or the Services. When you click on an advertisement or a logo displayed on any of the Sites that links you to a different website, or when you use any third-party app, tool, widget, plug-in or extension on the Sites or as part of any of the Services, information about you may be collected through automated means. We do not control, and are not responsible for, any third party’s collection and use of your personal information. You should refer to the privacy policies of such third parties to learn about their information collection, use and disclosure practices.
The Services may also have message boards, forums or chat areas, where users can exchange ideas and communicate with one another. When you post to a message board, forum or chat area, please be aware that the information you post is made publicly available on-line.
What is the effective date of this policy?
This Policy is effective as of the “last updated and effective” date set out at the top of this page. We reserve the right to modify this Policy at any time, and such revisions will become effective upon the earlier of (1) posting of the revisions to the Sites, or (2) distribution of the revisions by electronic mail. Your continued use of any of the Sites or the Services after the effective date of any modifications means that you accept and agree to all such revisions. Please visit this page on a regular basis and check the “last updated and effective” date at the top of this page to ensure that you are familiar with the most recent version of this Policy.
What is our policy on children’s privacy?
The Sites and the Services are not for children under 13 years of age, and we do not knowingly collect or store personal information from users of the Sites or the Services who are under 13 years of age. No personal information should be submitted to or posted at the Sites by visitors who are under 13 years of age. If you become aware that your child under 13 years of age has provided his or her personal information to us, please contact us at moderator@keithurban.net. If we determine that we are storing personal information about a child who is or who was, at the time of providing information, under 13 years of age, we will delete such information from our files immediately.
What information about you do we collect and how do we use it?
By accessing the Sites or using the Services, you may provide to us two types of personal information, including personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information that you voluntarily choose to disclose to us, such as your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, birthday and payment information.  We also collect non-personally identifiable information through the use of technologies such as “cookies,” “web beacons” or “web logs.”  We use the information we collect to monitor and analyze how the Sites and the Services are used, to provide customer service, and to maintain and improve the Sites and the Services. We may also collect technical information to help us identify your mobile device and how you are accessing the Sites and Services.
You may be asked to submit personally identifiable information to access or use certain aspects of the Services offered on the Sites – for example, we ask for the following information when you take the following actions:
Subscribe to the newsletter: We ask for your email address and name
Join The Ville’ fan club: We ask for your email address, name, birthdate, gender (optional), creation of a user name, and creation of a password. Additionally, a verification email will be sent to the email address you provide and you must confirm you are the owner of the email address by following the verification link.
Join The Ville: Phoenix Club: We ask for your email address, name, birthdate, gender (optional), creation of a user name, and creation of a password. Additionally, a verification email will be sent to the email address you provide and you must confirm you are the owner of the email address by following the verification link. A purchase is necessary to join The Ville Phoenix Club, and as a result, we will ask for your billing, shipping and credit card information. Your billing, shipping and credit card information only used for the purpose of processing payments and is not retained by ONELIVE beyond completion of the purchase.
Make a purchase via ONELIVE: ONELIVE on our behalf ask for your email address, billing information, shipping information, order information, and credit card information. The purchase is processed via ONELIVE. Your billing, shipping and credit card information is only used for the purpose of processing payments and is not retained by ONELIVE beyond completion of the purchase. This information may be shared with us and retained by us for certain legitimate business purposes, including for tax audit and accounting purposes and to protect against fraud. Additionally, we may collect information regarding your purchase history.
Make a purchase via PayPal: We ask for your name, email address, city, state, zip code, and country in order to complete the purchase via PayPal. We may collect information regarding your purchase history.
Other personally identifiable information may be collected if you contact us, receive customer or technical support, and/or participate in questionnaires, surveys, sweepstakes and/or promotions, and/or use tools and services offered by us.
Please note that this is not an exhaustive list and additional information may be requested when taking the actions described above.
The personally identifiable information that you provide to us or to third parties on our behalf allows us to fulfill your service request or product order, respond to your questions, contact you about your account or your order, alert you of new products or services and new product and service features, and inform you of promotions, special events and other offers that we think may be of interest to you. Unless provided otherwise herein, please note that we may retain your personally identifiable information only for as long as reasonably necessary for the purposes described in this Policy. For example, we may retain your personal information as long as you continue to use and are registered through the Sites and Services.  Please be aware that we may also be required to retain your personally identifiable information for legal and accounting reasons.
How do our Sites and Services use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
We use cookies and other tracking technologies for a variety of purposes.
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our Sites. We may use cookies for system administration, to assess the performance of the Sites and the Services, to enhance your online experience, and to personalize your use of the Sites.  You may choose to disable cookies, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored on your computer or your mobile device; please consult instructions for your web browser or mobile device settings to disable or block cookies, or to receive a warning before a cookie is stored on your computer or your mobile device.  However, if you disable or block cookies, it is possible that some parts of the Sites or the Services will not be accessible or available to you.
Additionally, we use tracking technologies, including web beacons and web logs (also called “clear GIFs,” “pixel tags” or “pixels”), to monitor and analyze how the Sites and the Services are used, to provide customer service, and to maintain and improve the Services. Web beacons and web logs allow our servers to automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit the Sites. This information includes the time and date of your visit, your Internet Protocol address, your geographic location (your zip code, your area code and/or your time zone), your browser type and version, the Sites and the Services you use, and when and how long you use them. We use this information to monitor and analyze how the Sites and the Services are used, to provide customer service, and to maintain and improve the Sites and the Services. We may also use this information to deliver content, including ads, relevant to your interests, on the Sites and on third-party websites. We may also collect technical information to help us identify your mobile device. Mobile devices typically provide users with the ability to disable location services. If you have questions about how to disable the location services on your mobile device, you should contact your mobile service provider or your device manufacturer.
Third-party plug-ins also may collect information about your use of the Site. For example, when you load a page on the Site that has a social plug-in from a third-party site or service, such as a “Like” or “Share” button, you are also loading content from that third-party site. That site may request cookies directly from your browser. These interactions are subject to the privacy policy of the third-party site. Please be aware that when you use third-party sites or services, their own terms and privacy policies will govern your use of those sites or services.
Below is an outline of the cookies and tracking technologies being used on the Sites and Services:
Google Analytics. Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google. Inc.  Google uses first-party cookies and third-party cookies or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding you and your interactions with the Sites, Services, and other websites.  To opt-out of Google Analytics cookies and tracking technologies please follow the instructions provided at the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Facebook. Facebook cookies and tracking technologies are used in connection the Sites and Services to recognize you and the devices used by you to access Facebook and the Sites and Services.  Some of the Facebook cookies and tracking technologies provide targeted advertisements and marketing communications.  To opt-out of Facebook cookies and tracking technologies please follow the instructions provided at the following link: https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences.
Twitter. Twitter cookies and tracking technologies are used in connection the Sites and Services to recognize you and the devices used by you to access Twitter and the Sites and Services.  Some of the Twitter cookies and tracking technologies provide targeted advertisements and marketing communications To opt-out of Twitter cookies and tracking technologies please follow the instructions provided at the following link: https://twitter.com/settings/your_twitter_data and http://optout.aboutads.info/#/.
Bing. Bing cookies and tracking technologies are provided by Microsoft and help provide interest-based advertisements.  To opt-out of Bing cookies and tracking technologies, please follow the instructions provided at the following link: https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads.
Universal Music Group.  Universal Music Group cookies assist with marketing efforts of Keith Urban, the Sites and Services.
We also encourage you to review ONELIVE’s Data Privacy Notice, which contains details about the cookies used, which can be found at the following link: https://onelive.com/pages/data-privacy-notice. ONELIVE is a service provider for the Sites and provide a detailed summary of the third-party cookies it uses in providing services.
For more information regarding the cookies, clear GIFs, pixel tags, and pixels that we use, please contact us at moderator@keithurban.net.
What is our policy on tracking?
You may be able to adjust your browser’s settings to turn on a “do not track” feature.  Although our policy may change in the future, because there is no uniform standard for “do not track” signal recognition currently, we do not support “do not track” and will not honor your web browser’s “do not track” signal.
Subject to the information provided in the “How do our Sites and Services use cookies and other tracking technologies?” Section above, we do not intentionally or knowingly allow other parties to collect personal information about your online activities over time and across different websites, when you visit the Sites or use any of the Services.
Will we share your information with other parties?
We may use your personal information to provide analysis of the users of the Sites and the Services, in the aggregate, to prospective partners, advertisers and other third parties.  We may also share your non-personally identifiable information with our business partners for the purpose of their delivering content, including ads, on the Sites and on third-party websites.
We will not sell or rent your personal information and we will only share your personally identifiable information as provided herein.  We may disclose your personal information to our employees, agents, contractors and sub-contractors, and to our related and affiliated entities, and their respective employees, agents, contractors, sub-contractors, for the limited purpose of enabling them to communicate with you directly about events and promotions that may be of interest to you.  We will share your personal information with other parties under the following circumstances:
Protection of Rights. We will share your personally identifiable information if we have a good faith belief that: (i) access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, such as a court order or subpoena, or a request by law enforcement or governmental authorities; (ii) such action is appropriate to enforce the Terms of Use for the Sites, including any investigation of potential violations thereof; (iii) such action is necessary to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues associated with the Sites or the Services; or (iv) such action is appropriate to protect our rights, property or safety or the rights, property or safety of our employees, users of the Sites or the Services, or others.
Asset Transfers. If we become involved in a merger, acquisition, or other transaction involving the sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, or in the event of an insolvency or bankruptcy, the information, including personally identifiable information, collected from you through your use of the Sites may be included in the transferred assets.  Should such an event occur, we will use reasonable measures to notify you, either through e-mail or a prominent notice on the Sites.
Service Providers. We may share your personal information with the companies that provide tools for the Sites or the Services. For example, Shopify (https://www.shopify.com/), ONELIVE (https://onelive.com/pages/ecommerce-experts) provide and host the e-commerce platform for our online store, Klaviyo (https://www.klaviyo.com/) provides software and services for our e-mail marketing campaigns, CromTidwell Merchandising fulfills most of our online sales, and Stripe (https://stripe.com/) processes our payment transactions. These companies and other service providers may access your personally identifiable information that they need in order to perform their services on our behalf. Please review ONELIVE’s terms of use, which can be found at the following link: https://onelive.com/pages/terms-of-service, ONELIVE’s privacy standards, which can be found at the following link: https://onelive.com/pages/media-s-privacy-standard, and ONELIVE’s privacy Notice, which can be found at the following link: https://onelive.com/pages/data-privacy-notice.
Sweepstakes and Contests. If we offer, and you choose to participate in, any on-line promotions, such as a sweepstakes or a contest, your personally identifiable information collected in connection with a promotion may be shared with the third-party sponsor of the promotion, or as otherwise provided in the Official Rules. You should carefully review the Official Rules of each promotion in which you choose to participate through the Sites, as the Official Rules may contain additional important information about a third party’s collection and use of your information. To the extent that the Official Rules of any promotion conflict with this Policy, the Official Rules will govern collection and use of your personal information in conjunction with that particular promotion.
Promotional Partners.  We may share your personally identifiable information with the companies that are promotional partners of Keith Urban, the Sites and the Services, such as Universal Music Group. Please review Universal Music Group’s privacy policy for more information regarding how Universal Music Group collects, processes and shares personal data: https://privacy.umusic.com/.
What choices do you have about the collection and use of your information?
For any of the Services that include an account access, including the App,  you may review, update or delete your personal information, and modify your account preferences for the Services, by contacting us at moderator@keithurban.net.  To update or delete personal information that you had provided in connection with any other Services, you may contact us at moderator@keithurban.net.  Please note that when you delete your account or request that we delete your personal information, we may retain your information for a reasonable period of time, for the purpose of internal account management and fraud prevention. Further, please understand that when you delete your account, you will not receive a refund.
If you no longer wish to receive our e-mail announcements, you may unsubscribe from receiving them at any time in the following ways: (1) clicking on the link “update subscription preferences” or “unsubscribe from this list” appearing at the bottom of our e-mails, and by following subsequent instructions; (2) signing into your online profile and clicking your username in the top left corner. From there, click the button that says “User Settings” – in the window that pops up, scroll down to “Notification Settings” and click all of the envelopes so that they are no longer the blue color or (3) contacting us at moderator@keithurban.net.  If you send an e-mail to us to change your contact preferences, we will implement your requested changes within a reasonable amount of time. Please note that your requested changes will not be effective until we implement such changes. Please also note that you cannot unsubscribe from certain correspondence from us, including messages relating to your account transactions.
If you choose to join a mobile marketing list offered by us, please be aware that there are usually costs associated with receiving SMS or MMS messages, which are determined by your carrier.  You should contact your carrier to determine the charges that may apply, before you sign up to receive our updates via SMS or MMS.  If you wish to stop receiving such messages from us, at any time, simply write “STOP” in a reply to any message from us.  Please follow the following link for more information regarding the Terms and Conditions related to receiving SMS or MMS messages: http://terms.smsinfo.io/tc.php?id=1099614.
You agree that, in the event that any dispute or claim arises out of or relating to this Policy or our privacy practices, you will attempt to negotiate, in good faith, a written resolution of your dispute or claim directly with us and/or our affiliates or subsidiaries, depending on your concern.  You agree that if your dispute or claim remains unresolved for forty-five (45) days after notification (via Certified Mail or personal delivery) that a dispute or claim exists, the parties shall join in mediation services in Nashville, Tennessee, with a mutually chosen mediator, in an attempt to resolve the dispute or claim.  Should you file any arbitration claims, any administrative actions, or any court actions without first having attempted to resolve your dispute or claim by mediation, then you agree that you will not be entitled to recover any costs of the proceeding, including, without limitation, your attorneys’ fees or other costs, even if you would otherwise be entitled to them.
What security measures do we take?
The personal information that you provide to us is processed and stored by our service providers, who design protocols and procedures to ensure the security of such information.  In addition, we restrict access to personally identifiable information to our employees, independent contractors and agents who need to know this information in order to develop, operate and maintain the Sites and the Services.  However, no data transmission over the Internet or through mobile telecommunications can be guaranteed to be completely secure, and, for this reason, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to us or that is transmitted to us as a result of your use of the Sites or any of the Services.  You can help protect your personal information by using strong passwords, changing your password often, using a secure web browser, and signing off and closing your web browser when you are finished with the use of the Sites.
What are your California Privacy Rights?
If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) requires us to disclose to you the following information with respect to our collection, use and disclosure of personal data.
Categories of Personal Data We Currently Collect and Have Collected within the Past 12 Months: identifiers, characteristics of protected classifications under California or U.S. law, commercial information, internet and electronic network activity, geolocation data, inferences drawn about your preferences, and other categories of personal data that relates to or is reasonably capable of being associated with you. For examples of the precise data points we collect, please see “What information about you do we collect and how do we use it?” above.
Business or Commercial Purpose for Collecting and Using Personal Information: We collect personal data for the business purposes described in the “What information about you do we collect and how do we use it?” section above.
Categories of Sources of Personal Information: We collect personal data from you and the sources described in the “What information about you do we collect and how do we use it?” section above.
Categories of Third Parties With Whom We Share Personal Data: We may share your personal data with the third parties as described in the “Will we share your information with other parties?” section above.
Sale of Personal Data: We do not sell your personal data.
California consumers have the right to request access to their personal data, additional details about our information practices and deletion of their personal data (subject to certain exceptions). California consumers also have the right to opt out of sales of personal data, if applicable. We describe how California consumers can exercise their rights under the CCPA below. Please note that you may designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on your behalf by providing written materials demonstrating that you have granted the authorized agent power of attorney. Please note that if an authorized agent submits a request on your behalf, we may need to contact you to verify your identity and protect the security of your personal data. We will not discriminate against you if you choose to exercise your rights under the CCPA.
Right to Know: You may request access to the specific pieces of personal data we have collected about you in the last 12 months. You may also request additional details about our information practices, including the categories of personal data we have collected about you, the sources of such collection, the categories of personal data we share for a business or commercial purpose, and the categories of third parties with whom we share your personal data. You may make these requests by emailing us at moderator@keithurban.net. After submitting your request, please monitor your email for a verification email. We are required by law to verify your identity prior to granting access to your data in order to protect your privacy and security.
Deletion: You may request that we delete the personal data we have collected about you. Please note that we may retain certain information as required or permitted by applicable law. You may make these emailing us at moderator@keithurban.net. After submitting your request, please monitor your email for a verification email. We are required by law to verify your identity prior to deleting your data in order to protect your privacy and security.  If you request to delete your personal data, certain of our products and services may no longer be available to you.
Does this policy apply outside of the United States?
We comply with United States privacy laws and regulations. Except as set out below, we do not represent that the Sites are governed by or operated in accordance with the laws of other nations, or that the Sites or the Services are appropriate or available for use in any particular location. If you choose to access the Sites or the Services, you do so at your own risk, and you are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations. Except as set out below, by using any part of the Sites or the Services, visitors to the Sites from outside the United States acknowledge and agree that the Sites are subject to the United States laws and regulations, and waive any claims that may arise under their own national laws.
Legal Basis for Data Processing: We process personal data for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.  Our legal basis for processing personal data includes processing information that is: (1) necessary to comply with legal requirements; (2) necessary for the performance of any agreements or understandings with you; or (3) pursuant to your consent, which may subsequently be withdrawn at any time.
If you are a resident of the European Union, you have certain rights under the General Data Protection Regulation, which are outlined below:
A. The right to be informed
You have the right to be provided with clear, transparent and easily understandable information about how We use your information and your rights. This is why we are providing you with the information in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy outlines how we process personal data.
B. The right of access
You have the right to obtain access to your personal information (if we [or a third party on our behalf] are processing it), and certain other information such as the reasons why we are processing or storing it. This is so you are aware and can check that we are using your personal information in accordance with data protection legislation and your agreement.
C. The right to rectification
You are entitled to request that your personal information is promptly corrected if it is identified as being inaccurate or incomplete.
D. The right to erasure
This is also known as “the right to be forgotten” and, in simple terms, enables you to request the deletion or removal of your information under certain circumstances where there’s no compelling reason for us to keep using it. This is not a general right to erasure; there are exceptions.
E. The right to restrict processing
You have rights to “block” or suppress further use of your personal information. When processing is restricted We can still store your information but may not be able to process it further. We maintain lists of people who have asked for further use of their personal information to be “blocked” to make sure the restriction is respected in future.
F. The right to data portability
You have rights to obtain and reuse your personal data for your own purposes across different services. For example, if you decide to switch to a new provider, this enables you to move, copy or transfer your information easily between our IT systems and theirs safely and securely, without affecting its usability.
G. The right to object to processing
You have the right to object to certain types of personal data processing, including processing for direct marketing activities.
H. The right to lodge a complaint
You have the right to lodge a complaint about the way we have handled or processed your personal data with your national data protection regulator.
I. The right to withdraw consent
If you have given your consent to anything we do with your personal data, you have the right to vary or withdraw your consent at any time (although if you do so, it does not mean that anything we have done with your personal data with your consent up to that point is unlawful). This includes your right to withdraw your consent to us using your personal data for marketing purposes.
We usually act on validated requests and provide the requested information or activity free of charge, but by law we are allowed to charge a reasonable fee to cover our administrative costs of providing the information for:
baseless or excessive/repeated requests, or
further copies of the same information.
Alternatively, there are reasons why we may be entitled to refuse to act on the request.
Please consider your request responsibly before submitting it. All such request should be submitted to support at moderator@keithurban.net.  We will respond to your request as soon as practically possible. Generally, this will be within one month from when we receive your validated request but, if the request is going to take longer  to complete, we will let you know.
How can you contact us with questions about this policy or our privacy practices?
If you have questions about this Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us. Please include your name and your contact information in your mail or e-mail correspondence.
Postal address: P.O. Box 40725 Nashville, TN 37204
E-mail: moderator@keithurban.net
© 2020 Monkeyville On Vine, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh