http://www.scottish-gallery.co.uk/privacy
Home
Exhibitions
Artists
Menu
Sell with us
20th Century Artists
All Artists
Scottish Colourists
20th Century Painters
20th Century Printmakers
20th Century Sculptors
Contemporary Artists
Contemporary Artists
Contemporary Painters
Contemporary Printmakers
Museum Collections
Objects
Objects
Baskets
Ceramics
Glass
Jewellery
Sculpture
Silver/Metalwork
Textiles
Wood
Museum Collections
About
Menu
Gallery History
Services
Sell with Us
Gallery Staff
Opportunities
Contact
Media
Menu
Film
News
Publications
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
This Website Privacy Policy describes how The Scottish Gallery protects and makes use of the information you give the company when you use its website. The policy is updated regularly (the latest update was on 16 April 2018). If you would like your details removed from our system at any time, please contact us. Any questions about this policy should be directed to the Managing Director.
The Scottish Gallery gathers information about individuals in order to provide certain products and services such as: online shop sales, mailing lists and to enable certain functions on this website. We collect analytical information (log files) to better understand how visitors use this website.
WHAT DATA WE GATHER
We may collect the following information:
Name (and sometimes job title)
Contact details (such as email address and telephone number)
Demographic information (such as postcode, preferences, and interests)
Other information pertaining to surveys and special offers
Details of your purchase to enable us to process it
Website usage data
Please note that no credit or debit card details are held by The Scottish Gallery.
HOW WE USE THIS DATA
Collecting this data helps The Scottish Gallery understand what you are looking for from the company, and how we can deliver improved services.
Specifically, we may use the data:
For our own internal records
To improve the services we provide
To add personal details to a mailing list (The Scottish Gallery uses Mailchimp, an online service to which names & email addresses are uploaded)
To contact an individual in response to a specific enquiry
To customise the website for an individual
To send an individual promotional emails or mailings about The Scottish Gallery services we think might be of interest
To contact an individual for market research purposes
LOG FILES AND COOKIES – HOW WE USE THEM
Log files allow us to record visitors’ use of the website. We use Google Analytics to analyse anonymous user details from our website which we can then use to make changes to the site’s layout to improve the user experience. They also give us useful information about how visitors use the website and interact with it. Log files do not contain any personal information and cannot access a user’s computer.
CookiesThe purpose of a cookie is very similar to that of a log file, except that it is a small file placed on the user’s hard drive that then enables The Scottish Gallery’s website to identify the user’s computer as different pages are viewed on The Scottish Gallery’s website. Log files give basic information; cookies can give more detailed information.
How Cookies are Used
The Scottish Gallery may use Cookies to:
Analyse web traffic (by using an analytics package – Google Analytics in this case).
To recognise if you return to The Scottish Gallery’s website.
Cookies do not provide The Scottish Gallery with access to a user’s computer, or any information about the user other than that which you share with the company.
Controlling Cookies
A user can use their web browser’s cookie settings to determine how The Scottish Gallery’s website uses cookies. If a user does not want cookies stored on their computer or device, they should set their web browser to refuse cookies (it should be noted that doing this can change the way the website will function). Unless a user changes their browser to refuse cookies, they will be issued each time you visit The Scottish Gallery’s website.
CONTROLLING INFORMATION ABOUT YOU
When an individual provides their details to The Scottish Gallery at an exhibition, event, or via The Scottish Gallery’s website (by registering to our news and events mailing list), they have opted in to receive further details about future exhibitions, events, projects and services provided by The Scottish Gallery. If this is the case, and that individual decides they no longer want to be on The Scottish Gallery’s mailing list/s, they can be unsubscribed or removed easily by:
Sending an email with their details and a request to be removed from the mailing list to: hello@scottish-gallery.co.ukWriting to The Scottish Gallery, 16 Dundas Street, Edinburgh, EH3 6HZClicking on the ‘unsubscribe’ link at the bottom of all The Scottish Gallery emailed mailings.The Scottish Gallery will never lease, distribute or sell personal information to third parties unless the owner’s consent has been given or it is required by law.
Any personal information held by The Scottish Gallery is stored and processed under the company’s Data Protection Policy, in line with the Data Protection Act 1998.
LINKS FROM THE SCOTTISH GALLERY’S WEBSITE
The Scottish Gallery’s website contains links to other websites. The Scottish Gallery has no control of websites outside the www.scottish-gallery.co.uk domain. If a user provides information to a website to which The Scottish Gallery links, The Scottish Gallery is not responsible for its protection and privacy. It is good practice to be wary when supplying information to websites and check their data protection and privacy policies fully.