http://www.hearya.com/hearya-privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
About Us
Live Sessions
Interviews
Subscribe
HearYa - Indie Music Blog
Indie Music Blog, Live Sessions, and Daily MP3 Downloads.
Privacy Policy
The following privacy statement covers all of the HearYa websites. Please read this statement regarding our websites. If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us.
Ownership of Information
HearYa is the sole owner of the information collected on the HearYa websites.
Mailing List
HearYa may launch a mailing list for some or all of the HearYa websites. In order to sign up to receive regular emails from a site’s mailing list, users must submit information including a valid email address and demographic information such as location and interests. This information will be used in aggregate form only in order to assess general user interest in various internal and third party products and services, and your personal and contact information will not be passed to any other organization. Users who choose to sign up for a mailing list will receive regular emails from the site, including new articles added to the site as well as emails from third party site sponsors. If you do not wish to receive emails from third party advertisers, do not sign up for the mailing list.
Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms and message boards available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Third Party Cookies
Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, HearYa has no access to or control over these cookies, once we have given permission for them to set cookies for advertising. This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by HearYa only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers. To opt out from cookies, click here.
Third Party Advertising
The ads appearing on HearYa websites are delivered to users by third party advertisers including Google, among others. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please click here.
Log Files
Like most standard website servers we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information. We may use a tracking utility that uses log files to analyze user movement.
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, HearYa may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on any of the HearYa websites.
Business Transitions
In the event HearYa goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of a portion of its assets, users’ personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred.
Links
The HearYa websites contain links to other sites. Please be aware that HearYa is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by HearYa.
Notification of Changes
Whenever HearYa changes its privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, and other places we deem appropriate.
Tweet
Leave a Comment
Name *
E-mail *
Website
Recent CommentsJohn Don on Fontaines D.C. announce A Hero’s Death for 7/31 releaseJohn Don on Advertisement announce debut LP, American Advertisement for 7/10 releaseJohn Don on Hinds – The Prettiest Curse (album review)John Don on Oceanator announces
Things I Never Said for 8/28 releaseJohn Don on Ohmme – Fantasize Your Ghost (album review)
Recent Posts
Ron Gallo announces Peacemeal for 10/9 release
S.G. Goodman – Old Time Feeling (album review)
H.C. McEntire announces Eno Axis for 8/21 release
The Nude Party announce Midnight Manor for 10/2 release
Lydia Loveless announces Daughter for 9/25 release
Best Albums of 2010
Best Albums of 2010
Blogroll
A.V Club
Aquarium Drunkard
Can You See the Sunset
Captain Obvious
Chromewaves
Consequence of Sound
Daytrotter
Each Note Secure
Elbows
Harmon Drive
Herohill
I Am Fuel, You Are Friends
KEXP
La Blogotheque
Largehearted Boy
Merge Records Blog
MOKB
Music Fog
Music Savage
Muzzle of Bees
Nine Bullets
No Depression
Pickathon
Slowcoustic
Songs: Illinois
Sound Citizen
Sound on the Sound
Spinner
The 9513
The Deli SF
The Gobblers Knob
The OCMD
Twang Nation
Twangville
Visible Voice
Chicago Music
Shirk Music + Sound
Links
Drowned in Sound
WOXY
Privacy Policy
Get smart with the Thesis WordPress Theme from DIYthemes.
WordPress Admin