http://www.uwlax.edu/info/privacy-statement/
Accessibility menu
Skip to main content
Skip to footer
University of Wisconsin-La Crosse | uwlax.edu
Privacy statement
To help us assess content usage and navigation patterns on the university home page and related top-level pages, University Communications and the Division of Information Technology Services collect and analyze overall web server data.
Individual names or usernames are not collected.
Host names and/or IP addresses are collected and only associated with individual users where required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with legal requirements or with legal process served on us, to protect and defend our rights or property, or in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of any individual.
The data that is collected may be used to generate aggregate statistical reports.
Google Analytics
University Communications may also use Google Analytics to collect site usage data and to analyze overall usage of the site. Google Analytics uses cookies in your Web browsing software to track user sessions so that it can collect data about how users view and navigate the site. The data collected never includes names, usernames or email addresses. Individual IP addresses are collected, but they are not associated with individual users other than as noted above. You may prevent Google Analytics from collecting data by turning off cookies in the preferences settings in your browser. For more information on Google Analytics, please visit Google’s website.
Other websites
The university website contains links to other independently run websites within the UW-La Crosse network and to some sites outside the “uwlax.edu” domain. The university is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site or your experiences with this site, contact:
Web & Interactive CommunicationsAttention: Privacy statement (online)115 Graff Main Hall1725 State StreetLa Crosse, WI, 54601
Or email icomm@uwlax.edu