http://www.beadedphoenix.com/privacy/
Forget French pharmacy beauty, Greece is the word when it comes to anti-ageingCannes: ‘Beauty and the Dogs’ Goes to OscilloscopeBeyoncé’s Twins Are Already Winning the Beauty GameAfter securing $500,000, Sydney beauty startup Glamazon lands partnership with global software platform MINDBODY
Privacy:BP Info Hub ("BP Info Hub") operates http://www.beadedphoenix.com and may operate other websites. It is BP Info Hub's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, BP Info Hub collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. BP Info Hub's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how BP Info Hub's visitors use its website. From time to time, BP Info Hub may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
BP Info Hub also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on http://www.beadedphoenix.com blogs/sites. BP Info Hub only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to BP Info Hub's websites choose to interact with BP Info Hub in ways that require BP Info Hub to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that BP Info Hub gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at http://www.beadedphoenix.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with BP Info Hub are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, BP Info Hub collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with BP Info Hub. BP Info Hub does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
BP Info Hub may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. BP Info Hub may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, BP Info Hub does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
BP Info Hub discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on BP Info Hub's behalf or to provide services available at BP Info Hub's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using BP Info Hub's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. BP Info Hub will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, BP Info Hub discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when BP Info Hub believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of BP Info Hub, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an BP Info Hub website and have supplied your email address, BP Info Hub may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with BP Info Hub and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. BP Info Hub takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. BP Info Hub uses cookies to help BP Info Hub identify and track visitors, their usage of BP Info Hub website, and their website access preferences. BP Info Hub visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using BP Info Hub's websites, with the drawback that certain features of BP Info Hub's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If BP Info Hub, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that BP Info Hub goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of BP Info Hub may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by BP Info Hub and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, BP Info Hub may change its Privacy from time to time, and in BP Info Hub's sole discretion. BP Info Hub encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy. If you have a http://www.beadedphoenix.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Follow us
pinterest
twitter
Recent Posts
Helpful Tips to Prevent Dry Skin
The Surprising Benefits of Cosmetic Surgery
The Benefits of Banana Mask for Your Skin
Millennials Are Shaping the Fashion Industry Today
Daily Skin Care Routine To Keep Skin Healthy
Search
Categories
Beauty
Fashion
Handbags
Makeup Brush
Skin Care
Pages
Contact Us
Privacy
Terms
The Team
Watch