http://www.hackmatack.org/privacy-statement
The Seacoast Summer Tradition
Founded in 1972
BUY TICKETS
Privacy Statement
Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine does not read any of your private online communications.
Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine and Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine collects and uses your personal information to operate the Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine and its affiliates. Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine, in order to determine what Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine Web site use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine pages, or register with Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine site or services, a cookie helps Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Hackmatack Playhouse in Berwick, Maine at hackplayhouse@aol.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
SHOWTIMESWednesday through Saturdayevenings at 8:00 pm witha Thursday matinee at 2:00 pm.TICKET PRICESAdults: $30
Seniors: $25 (65 or older)
Age 20 and under: $15
Buy TicketsSeating ChartFLEXI-PASSA Flexi-Pass is a ticket good for 3 admissions to any Hackmatack show during the season.
Adults: $90
Seniors: $60 (65 or older)
Please note that Flexi-Passes are not available once the first show of the season ends.
To purchase a season Flexi-Pass, please call our box office at(207) 698-1807. CONTACT INFO
Hackmatack Playhouse538 School Street (Route 9)
Berwick, ME 03901 (207) 698-1807
hackmatackplayhouse@gmail.com
Click here for directions
MediaFacebook:
facebook.com/hackmatackplayhouse
Instagram:
instagram.com/hackmatackplayhouse/
Get your tickets today!
See availablities
Home
About
Shows
Tickets
Kids Camp!
Staff
Weddings
Bison Farm
Friends
Photos
News
Contact
Contact Us
538 School Street (Route 9)
Berwick, ME 03901 (207) 698-1807
hackmatackplayhouse@gmail.com
Follow Us
© 2018 Hackmatack Playhouse
|
All rights reserved
|
Terms of Use
|
Privacy Statement
|
Designed
by
Magenta
Design
Contact Us
We're not around right now. But you can send us an email and we'll get back to you, asap.
Not readable? Change text.
I consent to My blog collecting my details through this form.
Send