http://www.sibmas.org/privacy-policy/
Français
About SIBMAS
What is SIBMAS?
Constitutions
Executive Committee and Council
Minutes of the General Assembly
Partner Organisations
Members
Join SIBMAS
Members' Directory
Conferences
Conferences
Past Conferences
Resources
Newsletters
Conference Papers
Order Conference Proceedings
Privacy Policy
The GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) is an important piece of legislation that is designed to strengthen and unify data protection laws for all individuals within the European Union. The regulation became effective and enforceable on the 25th May 2018.
The International Association of Libraries and Museums of Performing Arts (hereafter SIBMAS) values your privacy and is fully committed to achieving compliance with the GDPR.
Data collected
If you subscribe to our newsletter, then we collect your email address provided by you.
If you are a SIBMAS member, then you give some information for our members’ directory. We keep all this information but you can choose to remove it from the website, and/or correct it.
When you book a SIBMAS Conference, you need fill in a form: we collect information as: participant name, institution name, e-mail address.
When you submit a Conference proposal, you fill in a form: we collect information as name, organization, e-mail address, city, country, and a brief CV.
Cookies: In order to distinguish you from other users of the website, data is collected automatically when you visit the SIBMAS web pages (cookies that are used, for example, for google analytics and other statistical information). This type of data is primarily technical data, such as information on the browser and operating system you are using, or the date, time and location at which you accessed the pages.
Purposes and Legal Bases of the Processing
Your data was / is being collected to:
provide you with information about the activities of the Society
provide you with information about relevant activities in the field of documenting circus, dance, cinema, opera, theatre and puppetry
Organize conferences
Offers you a better user experience: our site sets cookies which remain on your computer or device for differing times. Some expire at the end of each session, that are required for the operation of our website, and some remain for longer so that when you return to our web site, you will have a better user experience.
Affected Rights
Under the EU Data Protection Regulation, you have the following rights:
If your personal data is processed, you have the right to obtain information about the data stored about you (Art. 15 GDPR).
If inaccurate personal data is processed, you are entitled to a correction (Art. 16 GDPR).
If the legal prerequisites exist, you can request the deletion or limitation of the processing and appeal against the processing (Art. 17, 18 and 21 GDPR). We would like to point out that in this case the management of your membership will be affected.
Please contact the Responsible Person, who have access to your data:
Data Protection Officer (DPO): member@sibmas.org
Join SIBMAS
Stay Connected
Newsletter Sign Up
Latest News and Events
Individual financial grants for the 2020 SIBMAS Conference
The Theatre Institute in Warsaw is happy to announce that thanks to the support of the Polish Ministry of Culture […]
Building Peace through Heritage
The Fondazione Romualdo Del Bianco Bianco and the International Institute Life Beyond Tourism prepare an International Symposium “Building Peace through […]
The V&A museum (London) offers professional development courses for professionals in the museum sector
Some courses are designed specifically for professionals who are based outside the United Kingdom. In January 2020, the V&A will […]
View all