http://www.pressure.co.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy explains how BEATBACK LTD (trading as Pressure Sounds) or ‘we’ use any personal information we collect about you when you use this website. Pressure Sounds are fully compliant to all updated GDPR regulations and any applicable UK / EU laws.What information do we collect about you?When you register with Pressure Sounds and/or place an order, we need to know your Full Name, Delivery and/or Billing Address and Email Address. We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our web site.Why do we need your data?This information allows us to fulfil your order, notify you of the status of your order or contact you directly if there are any issues with an order that you have placed on our site. This information also allows us to manage your account and, if with your consent, to email you about other products, services and information that we think will be of interest to you via the means of our marketing newsletters. We may also contact you directly to follow up on the service or user experience we provide.If BEATBACK LTD is ever sold or transferred, your collected information will be passed on to this new party and only used for the original intentions as set out in this policy.We will take cautionary measure to ensure we do not collect any personal data from you that we do not need in order to provide and oversee the above services to you.How long will we store your data?If Pressure Sounds provides any paid-for service to you, we are required by UK Tax Law to keep your basic personal data (name, address and contact details) for a minimum of 6 years after which time it will be destroyed. Data used for marketing purposes will be kept with us until you notify us that you no longer wish to receive this marketing information. MarketingWe would like to send you updates and information about products and services which may be of interest to you. If you have consented to receive our news and marketing material, you may opt-out at a later date. You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes. If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, you can either email sounds@pressure.co.uk and state that you no longer want to receive marketing emails, or by clicking ‘Unsubscribe’ at the bottom of any of our newsletters.What are your rights?You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please email or write to us at the following address:Email: sounds@pressure.co.ukPostal Address:Pressure Soundsc/o Beatback Ltd,Mail Box 77,Waterham Business Park,Highstreet Road,Waterham,Kent,ME13 9EJ,UKWe want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. We request that you let us know if your contact details change at any time. You may ask us to correct or remove information that you believe is inaccurate.CookiesOur site uses cookies to keep track of your visits to our web site. A cookie is a small file that can be stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. We may use these to do a number of things.We use cookies to deliver contents specific to your interest and to save your password so that you don't have to re-enter it every time you visit our site.Cookies help us to recognise when you next visit our web site. This allows us to tailor the service we provide to your preferences.You can usually change your browser so that it will not accept cookies however this may affect the functionality of our site.Other websitesOur website contains some links to other websites. This privacy policy applies to our website only (www.pressure.co.uk) so if you are re-directed to another website, you should read their respective privacy policies.Non-disclosure to third partiesUnless we have your express consent, we will only disclose your personal data to third parties if this is required for the purpose of completing your transaction with us. We may also release account information where we believe in good faith that this release is reasonably necessary to comply with the law.We use MailChimp as our marketing automation platform. By subscribing to Pressure Sounds marketing / newsletters, you acknowledge that the information you provide will be transferred to MailChimp for processing in accordance with their Privacy Policy and Terms.We will use your information only as set out in this Policy and will not sell, rent or pass your information on to any other third-party company for marketing purposes without your express consent.Your consent and changes to our privacy policyBy submitting your information and using our web site, you consent to the collection, storage and processing of your personal information by us in the manner set out in this Policy. If we change our Privacy Policy we will post the changes on this page so that you can be aware of them. We will also e-mail you should we make any changes that may affect you and give you a chance to ask us not to use your information in that way. We keep our privacy policy under regular review to ensure full compliance with UK and EU laws including all new GDPR requirements as in effect from 25th May 2018.This privacy policy was last updated in May 2018.Contact UsIf you have any questions about our privacy policy or information that we hold about you, please contact us.Email: sounds@pressure.co.ukPostal Address:Pressure Soundsc/o Beatback Ltd,Mail Box 77,Waterham Business Park,Highstreet Road,Waterham,Kent,ME13 9EJ,UK
Follow Pressure Sounds
Shopping Cart
Total
£0.00
Your cart is empty
Checkout