http://www.finaldraft.com/company/legal/privacy-statement/
Home > Company > Legal > Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Legal PoliciesTerms of Service
Returns and Refunds
Reseller Agreement
Privacy Statement
Software Piracy
Permissions and Trademarks
End User License Agreement
Enterprise License
Enterprise License – Educational
Small and Medium Enterprise License
Small and Medium Educational Enterprise License
Technical Support Statement
File Requests
Previous Terms of Service
CAST & CREW ENTERTAINMENT SERVICES, LLC
GLOBAL PRIVACY POLICY
Cast & Crew Entertainment Services, LLC, together with our subsidiaries and affiliates (“Cast & Crew”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting the personal information that you share with us, that is provided to us in connection with our products or services or that we otherwise receive. This Global Privacy Statement describes how we collect and use your personal information.
Protecting the privacy and security of this personal information is central to Cast & Crew’s mission. This Global Privacy Statement applies to all Cast & Crew entities and addresses the handling and treatment of your personal information. The Global Privacy Statement governs personal information collected by Cast & Crew for our own purposes as well as information provided to us as a data processor for our clients. It applies to information collected both online and offline.
Cast & Crew is also committed to transparency. We want individuals to understand how we collect and use personal information so they can interact with Cast & Crew with confidence. The information below covers how we collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store your information. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and if you have any questions, please contact us directly at Legal Department, Cast & Crew Entertainment Services, LLC, 2300 Empire Avenue, 5th Floor, Burbank, CA 91504.
Information Collection (online & offline)
Personal information means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, email address, a home, postal or other physical address, other contact information, title, birth date, gender, occupation, industry, personal interests, and other information when needed to provide a service you requested. When ordering products on our website, you may be asked to provide credit card information. When you browse our website, you do so anonymously, unless you have previously indicated that you wish Cast & Crew to remember your login and password. We do not automatically collect personal information, including your email address. We do log your IP address (the Internet address of your computer) to give us an idea of which part of our website you visit and how long you spend there. We do not link your IP address to any personal information unless you have logged in to our website. Like many other commercial websites, the Cast & Crew website may use a standard technology called a “cookie” to collect information about how you use the site. Please go to “Cookies and Tracking Information” below for more information.
We collect personal information when you register with us for a Cast & Crew account, when you use certain Cast & Crew products or services, when you register to attend a seminar or participate in an online survey, when you ask to be included in an email or other mailing list, or when you submit your personal information to us for any other reason. We receive personal information from or on behalf of our clients in connection with our provision of products and services. We also receive personal information from business partners and vendors.
Access to certain Cast & Crew web pages may require a login and a password. The use of those web pages, and the information or programs downloadable from those pages, may be governed by a written agreement between your employer and Cast & Crew. Unless you request deletion of your personal information as specified below, your personal information may be retained by Cast & Crew to verify compliance with the agreement, log software licenses granted, to track software downloaded from those pages, or track usage of other applications available on those pages.
Cast & Crew will collect and process our clients’ and their employees’ personal information in accordance with the terms of our agreements with the client (the employer) and applicable law. We will at all times maintain reasonable and appropriate security controls that are in alignment with industry related security frameworks to include HIPAA and the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) to protect your information.
Cast & Crew will only disclose personal information to the employer and to other entities in accordance with the terms of our agreements with the employer and applicable law. We may disclose your personal information to our affiliates and data processors as needed to provide the services that you and the employer have requested. These entities are all contractually bound to limit use of your personal information as needed to perform the services. We will also disclose personal information when required to do so by law, such as in response to a subpoena, including to law enforcement agencies and courts in the United States and other countries where we operate.
If you are based outside of the United States, your personal information may be transferred to Cast & Crew affiliates and data processers in the United States and elsewhere in the world. We will always protect the privacy and security of your personal information, regardless of where it is processed. Personal information transfers from the European Economic Area and other countries with data transfer restrictions will be authorized by approved model contract provisions or other appropriate means.
If you have questions about your privacy rights, please contact your employer’s human resources department. If you have questions about how Cast & Crew handles your personal information, you may contact us at legal Department, Cast & Crew Entertainment Services, LLC, 2300 Empire Avenue, 5th Floor, Burbank, CA 91504.
Right to Opt Out
You will always have the opportunity to “opt out” of receiving direct marketing or market research information. This means we assume you have given us your consent to collect and use your information in accordance with this Global Privacy Statement unless you take affirmative action to indicate that you do not consent.
Cookies and Tracking Technology
A cookie is a small data file that certain websites write to your hard drive when you visit them. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you have visited, but the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie cannot read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Some parts of Cast & Crew’s website use cookies to track user traffic patterns. We do this in order to determine the usefulness of our website information to our users and to see how effective our navigational structure is in helping users reach that information. If you prefer not to receive cookies while browsing our website, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence. You can also refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser, although you may not be able to take full advantage of our website if you do so. In particular, you may be required to accept cookies in order to complete certain actions on our website. You do not need to have cookies turned on, however, to use/navigate through many parts of our website, except access to certain of Cast & Crew’s web pages may require a login and password.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Your personal information may be shared with Cast & Crew’s subsidiaries or affiliates. All such entities are governed by this Global Privacy Statement or are bound by the appropriate confidentiality and data transfer agreements.
Inside Cast & Crew, data is stored in controlled servers with limited access. Your information may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country where Cast & Crew, its subsidiaries, affiliates or agents are located.
We may send your personal information to other companies or people under the following circumstances: when we have your consent to share the information; we need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested; we need to send the information to companies who work on behalf of Cast & Crew to provide a product or service to you (we will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose); or we want to keep you up to date on the latest product announcements, software updates, special offers or other information we think you would like to hear about either from us or from our business partners (unless you have opted out of these types of communications). We will also disclose your personal information if required to do so by law, to enforce our Terms of Use, or in urgent circumstances, to protect personal safety, the public or our websites. Cast & Crew further reserves the right to create, utilize and share with third parties anonymized data which may be derived from personal information but does not contain any personally identifying information in its amalgamated form.
Data Security
Your Cast & Crew account information, if applicable, is password-protected for your privacy and security. Cast & Crew safeguards the security of the data you send us with physical, electronic, and managerial procedures. In certain areas of our websites, we use industry-standard SSL-encryption to enhance the security of data transmissions. While we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure the security of the information you transmit to us, and so we urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal data when you are on the internet. Change your passwords often, use a combination of letters and numbers, and make sure you use a secure browser.
Software Piracy
We are committed to addressing and eliminating piracy or other misuse of our software and products. As part of these efforts, we may include a security mechanism that can detect the installation or use of unauthorized or modified copies of our software and collect and transmit data about those copies. This data collection is not designed to be performed on users of properly and legally licensed software obtained from us or our authorized resellers. If you do not consent to the collection and transmission of such data (including to the United States), you must not use our software.
Access to Information
We are dedicated to providing reasonable access to your personal information retained when you register with our website and correct any inaccuracies it may contain. Registered users may access their user profile, correct and update their details, or unsubscribe at any time. Registered users who have any problem accessing their profiles, or would like to request a copy of their personal information should contact Cast & Crew through the Contact Us link. In all cases we will treat requests to access information or change information in accordance with applicable law.
Children and Privacy
Our websites do not target and are not intended to attract children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly solicit personal information from children under the age of 13 or send them requests for personal information.
Privacy Statement for Medical Records Processing Clients
Cast & Crew is committed to protecting the privacy and security of all personal information that we process in order to provide services to our clients in the healthcare industry. This notice explains our practices with regard to the protected health information we receive from our clients for medical records processing as a business associate under the US health privacy law known as HIPAA.
Cast & Crew will collect and process protected health information only as required or permitted by our services agreements and applicable law, including the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA). We will at all times maintain reasonable and appropriate security controls to protect the information as required by the HIPAA Security Rule.
If you have questions about privacy or security, please contact the HIPAA Privacy Official named in the Privacy Notice published by your healthcare provider or health insurance plan. If you have questions regarding how Cast & Crew handles your personal information, you may also contact us at Legal Department, Cast & Crew Entertainment Services, LLC, 2300 Empire Avenue, 5th Floor, Burbank, CA 91504.
GDPR Privacy Statement
Cast & Crew abides by the EU GDPR regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information collected by organizations in the European Economic Area and Switzerland. Cast & Crew certifies that it adheres to the GDPR as it applies to information collected and processed by Cast & Crew.
Social Security Number Protection Statement
Cast & Crew collects Social Security numbers and other sensitive personal information in the ordinary course of its business. We have implemented reasonable technical, physical and administrative safeguards to help protect the Social Security numbers and other sensitive personal information from unlawful use and unauthorized disclosure. All Cast & Crew associates, affiliates, suppliers and contractors are required to follow these established procedures, both online and offline.
Access to Social Security numbers is limited to those employees and contractors who have a need to access the information to perform tasks for Cast & Crew. Social Security numbers are only disclosed to third parties in accordance with Cast & Crew’s established privacy policies. We will only disclose Social Security numbers to those service providers, auditors, advisors, and/or successors-in-interest who are legally or contractually obligated to protect them or as required or permitted by law.
California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798 allows California residents to ask companies with whom they have an established business relationship to provide certain information about the companies’ sharing of personal information with third parties for direct marketing purposes. Cast & Crew does not share any California consumer personal information with third parties for marketing purposes without consent.
California customers who wish to request further information about our compliance with this law or have questions or concerns about our privacy practices may contact us by writing to: Legal Department, Cast & Crew Entertainment Services, LLC, 2300 Empire Avenue, 5thFloor, Burbank, CA 91504.
How Cast & Crew Uses Collected Information
Cast & Crew uses information for several general purposes: to fulfill requests for certain products and services, to provide services, including the display of content, to audit, research and conduct analysis in order to maintain, protect and improve our services, to ensure the technical functioning of our network, to protect the rights or property of Cast & Crew and our users, to develop new services, to personalize your experience on our website and to keep you up to date on the latest product announcements, software updates, special offers or other information we think you would like to hear about either from us or from our business partners. Subject to any applicable opt-in and opt-out requirements, Cast & Crew may also use your information to send, or to have business partners send, direct marketing information or contact our clients for market research.
Effective Date: Jan. 1, 2020
This Privacy Notice for California Residents supplements the information provided in the Global Privacy Policy and applies solely to all California residents (“consumers” or “you”) as defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA). We are adopting this Notice to comply with the CCPA and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this notice.
Information We Collect
We collect personal information when you register with us for a Cast & Crew account, when you use certain Cast & Crew products or services, when you visit our website, when you participate in a survey, when you ask to be included in an email or other mailing list, or when you submit your personal information to us for any other reason. We receive personal information from or on behalf of our clients in connection with our provision of products and services. We also receive personal information from business partners and vendors.
Depending on how you interact with Cast & Crew, in the last twelve (12) months, we may have collected the following categories of information as summarized below:
Identifiers (for example, name, address, email address)
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (for example, name, address, phone number)
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law (for example, age, gender, marital status)
Commercial Information (for example, purchase history)
Internet or other similar network activity (for example, website history or search history)
Professional or employment-related information (for example, union membership)
Personal information does not include:
Publicly available information.
Deidentified or aggregated consumer information.
Information excluded from the CCPA’s scope, including:
Health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data;
Personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
Use of Personal Information
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you provide your personal information to use our payroll services, we will use that information to process your payroll in accordance with the service.
To create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us.
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.
To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our website, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business.
To provide, support, personalize, and develop our products and services.
For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our product, services and our website.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
Other uses that we notify you about.
Cast & Crew will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice. Cast & Crew does not sell your personal information.
California Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information
You have the right to request that Cast & Crew disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you.
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Requests
You have the right to request that Cast & Crew delete your personal information that we collected and retained.
However, due to the nature of the services that Cast & Crew provides, it is likely that we will be required to deny your deletion request due to legal and regulatory requirements and our contractual obligations with our customers.
In general, we may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
In the event that none of the above exceptions apply, we will delete your personal information from our records once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request for deletion.
Exercising Access and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by:
Emailing us at privacy@castandcrew.com, or
Through your MyC&C account.
Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
If you have a MyC&C account, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have a MyC&C account, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. Where applicable, we will provide your personal information in a format is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Our Companywide Commitment to Your Privacy
To make sure you and your employees’ personal information is secure, Cast & Crew communicates its privacy and security guidelines to its employees and strictly enforces privacy safeguards within the company.
Changes to This Global Privacy Statement
Cast & Crew may amend this Global Privacy Statement from time to time to assure its consistency and adherence to applicable law. We will post any revised Global Privacy Statement on this site. You may raise any concerns regarding this Global Privacy Statement and our privacy practices using the contact information provided below and we will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of personal information in accordance with applicable law. If you have questions, concerns or complaints about this Global Privacy Statement, please feel free to contact us any time through this website or at:
Legal Department
Cast & Crew Services, LLC
2300 Empire Avenue 5th Floor
Burbank, CA 91504-4603
Dear Screenwriters: Supporting you is our top priority, but due to the effects of COVID-19 response times are running considerably longer. Please be patient, stay well, and keep writing!