https://www.robingibb.com/legal/privacy/
Robin Gibb
Home
News
Titanic Concerts
Titanic Requiem
Biography
Robin Gibb - The Solo Career
The Bee Gees
Awards & Honours
Bee Gees By Numbers
Photos
Recordings
Albums
Singles + EPs
DVDs
Collaborations
Newsletter
Privacy Policy
How we collect, hold and use your information
This privacy policy sets out how The Estate Of Robin Gibb uses and protects any information that you give it when you use this website. The Estate Of Robin Gibb is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. The Estate Of Robin Gibb may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 15th September 2014.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Contact information including email address
Anonymous website analytics statistics
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to The Estate Of Robin Gibb, Suite 3, Old Kings Head Courte, 11 High Street, Dorking, Surrey RH4 1AR, UK.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to us as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Terms
Privacy Policy
Cookies
beegees.com
spencergibb.com
beegeedays.com
Website by Ten4
Copyright © The Estate of Robin Gibb 2020