http://www.liverpoolphil.com/get-tickets/terms-conditions/
Our organisation encompasses the UK’s oldest continuing professional symphony orchestra,  Liverpool Philharmonic Hall, and an award-winning Learning Programme. Our ticketing system Spektrix uses four cookies that are essential to making our website function properly. For further information please refer to our cookie policy.
Accept & Continue
Close
Join Our Mailing List
Be the first to know about concerts at Liverpool Philharmonic Hall and receive exclusive email offers on music you love!
Sign up today and receive an exclusive discount on your first ticket purchase!
Sign Up Successful!
There's some signup error, please try again!
You've already signed Up!
Submit
If you're having issues viewing our site, please try clearing the cache and cookies in your browser.
Close
Get Tickets
Gift Cards
Discounts and Group Bookings
Subscriptions
Priority booking scheme
Christmas at Liverpool Philharmonic
Terms & Conditions
Home
Get Tickets
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Liverpool Philharmonic Hall & Events Limited, Registered in England (No. 3110903) is a subsidiary company of the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Society, Registered Charity No. 230538 Registered in England (No. 88235). Registered Office: Philharmonic Hall, Hope Street, L1 9BP. VAT number 849774462.
Tickets (Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra concerts)
We reserve the right to change timings/the programme/artists without notice.
It is the responsibility of the customer to ensure that the seats booked are appropriate for themselves and/or the party attending. It may not always be possible to rectify bookings.
Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra subscribers can exchange tickets to any Orchestra event free of charge (differences in ticket prices may apply). Single ticket buyers for Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra events can exchange tickets for a service charge of £5 per ticket (differences in ticket prices may apply). All exchanges must be done 24 hours in advance of the concert and tickets must be returned to Box Office at least 24 hours in advance of the concert to process the exchange.
Booking fees (commission) are non-refundable.
This year we have introduced dynamic pricing for certain concerts, which is a style of pricing already used by many organisations, and means the price of tickets may vary, subject to demand. By reviewing and adjusting ticket prices in different seating areas, we can try and ensure the audience is evenly spread across the auditorium - improving the experience for both the performers and attenders.
Concessions are subject to availability and you may be required to show proof of eligibility. Concession tickets do not apply to Music Room Concerts, Family Concerts, New Year’s Eve and Messiah and may be limited for other concerts.
Please check your tickets carefully as mistakes cannot always be rectified.
It is a condition of sale that tickets shall not be resold for more than the original purchase cost. Any ticket that has been resold in such a manner shall become void and the original or new ticket holder may be refused entry. Liverpool Philharmonic will use reasonable methods to notify the original ticket holder that their tickets are void using the details provided at the time of order.
Every member of the audience, including babies and small children, must be in possession of a valid ticket due to safety regulations. Tickets for children under 18 months are free.
Defaced or altered tickets shall become void and the ticket holder may be refused entry.
Please take care of tickets as we may not be able to issue duplicates.
If tickets are not being held at the Box Office for collection, and have not been received 72 hours (three days) prior to the event, the customer should contact Liverpool Philharmonic as soon as possible.
Tickets purchased five days in advance of the event can be posted to you, otherwise tickets can be collected from the Liverpool Philharmonic Hall Box Office on production of your debit/credit/charge card.
When booking tickets online our interactive seating plan will show you the view of the stage from the seat which you have selected. The rail on the Grand Circle is a safety rail and has been designed to be subtle and unobtrusive. The rail is not considered to restrict views of the stage.
All ticket prices are inclusive of VAT.
The price of the ticket shall be the price set at the time the customer’s order is accepted by Liverpool Philharmonic.
Tickets (All other events)
Liverpool Philharmonic issues tickets on its own behalf and also on behalf of promoters and organisers.
Tickets are non-refundable and we reserve the right to change timings/the programme/artists without notice. Booking fees (commission) are also non-refundable.
It is the responsibility of the customer to ensure that the seats booked are appropriate for themselves and/or the party attending. It may not always be possible to rectify bookings.
We occasionally limit the number of tickets that can be purchased by any individual.
Please check your tickets carefully as mistakes cannot always be rectified.
It is a condition of sale that tickets shall not be resold for more than the original purchase cost. Any ticket that has been resold in such a manner shall become void and the ticket holder may be refused entry. Liverpool Philharmonic will use reasonable methods to notify the original ticket holder that their tickets are void using the details provided at the time of order.
Liverpool Philharmonic will not be held responsible for any tickets purchased through unauthorised methods.
Every member of the audience, including babies and small children, must be in possession of a valid ticket due to safety regulations. Tickets for children under 18 months are free.
Defaced or altered tickets shall become void and the ticket holder may be refused entry.
Please take care of tickets as we may not be able to issue duplicates.
If tickets are not being held at the Box Office for collection, and have not been received 72 hours (three days) prior to the event, the customer should contact Liverpool Philharmonic as soon as possible.
Tickets purchased five days in advance of the event can be posted to you, otherwise tickets can be collected from the Liverpool Philharmonic Hall Box Office on production of your debit/credit/charge card.
A performance’s stage layout is not always known when tickets go on sale. Liverpool Philharmonic cannot guarantee that tickets purchased will not have a restricted view during the performance.
When booking tickets online our interactive seating plan will show you the view of the stage from the seat which you have selected. The rail on the Grand Circle is a safety rail and has been designed to be subtle and unobtrusive. The rail is not considered to restrict views of the stage.
Liverpool Philharmonic has no control over the practices of secondary ticketing websites such as Viagogo, Get Me In, etc.
All ticket prices are inclusive of VAT.
The price of the ticket shall be the price set at the time the customer’s order is accepted by Liverpool Philharmonic.
Additional terms and conditions may be place for select events. The event listing on Liverpool Philharmonic’s website will advise if this is the case.
Events
It is the responsibility of the customer to check performance details prior to travelling as these may be subject to change.
We reserve the right to refuse admission in all reasonable circumstances, including for example where we consider a ticket holder’s behaviour may affect others enjoyment of the performance.
We reserve the right to eject a ticket holder from an event in all reasonable circumstances, including for example where we consider a ticket holder’s behaviour may affect others enjoyment of the performance.
Every effort will be made to admit latecomers at a suitable break in the performance, but admission cannot always be guaranteed. Audience members may be asked to wait until an appropriate break during the performance before being allowed entry or re-entry after the event has started.
If a customer experiences any problems with their seating or enjoyment prior to or during the event, the customer must inform venue staff immediately as issues cannot always be resolved after the event.
Smoking, including e-cigarettes, is not permitted anywhere on Liverpool Philharmonic Hall premises.
The unauthorised use of cameras or recording equipment is not permitted within the auditorium.
Only food and drink purchased on Liverpool Philharmonic premises are allowed within the auditorium. Any other items will be confiscated except for bottled water.
For the safety of audience members, the following security measures may be in place during your visit. Bags may be subject to checks at this event. It will not be possible to check large bags into the cloakroom in the Grand Foyer. Please ensure you arrive early and avoid bringing large bags with you, as this could delay your entrance into the venue. Audience members are kindly reminded that all areas of Liverpool Philharmonic are monitored by CCTV.
For all performances, we advise that under 16s are accompanied by an adult (18+). Where an event has a specific age restriction (e.g. over 18s only) then this regulation takes precedence. Please note that Liverpool Philharmonic cannot be held responsible for your children if unaccompanied by an adult. Parents are advised to check age guidelines in advance as not all performances are suitable for children. Age guidance will be published online and in brochures wherever possible. Parental discretion applies to all events.
Mobile phones must be switched off before entering the auditorium.
Please note that loud music or noise can damage hearing and customers who attend an event do so at their own risk.
Where an event is cancelled or rescheduled to another date, Liverpool Philharmonic will use reasonable methods to notify ticket holders via email, or telephone if no email address has been provided, using the details provided at the time of order. Please be aware Liverpool Philharmonic cannot guarantee that we will be able to get in touch with all ticket holders.
For cancelled events, ticket holders need to contact Box Office at boxoffice@liverpoolphil.com or 0151 709 3789 to request a refund.
Tickets for rescheduled events may not remain valid - this will be advised when ticket holders are contacted by Liverpool Philharmonic in the event of a rescheduled performance.
Please check before travelling that an event has not been cancelled or rescheduled.
Restricted and illegal items that are not permitted into any Liverpool Philharmonic venue: Alcohol; smoke/stink bombs, flares, items of a pyrotechnic nature; Cameras with a tripod; Large backpacks, bags, or coolers; Packages/parcels; Folding chairs; Food & drink; Glass/metal bottles or containers; Air horns; Helium balloons; Flag sticks; Signs/Banners; Illegal drugs; Knives, firearms, or any other weapon; Fireworks; Aerosols; Chains and/or spiked bracelets; Laser pens. This list is non-exhaustive and will remain subject to management.
We appreciate audience members may wish to stand or dance during a performance. Please consider this when booking your tickets for an event. The Duty Manager will make the final decision whether this is appropriate dependent on the type of event. However, please be aware that the venue standing/dancing policy may be overruled on the day of the performance by the performance's promoter. For an event in Liverpool Philharmonic Hall, if you would prefer to be seated throughout you are advised to book box seats. Please note, for safety reasons, aisles must be kept clear at all times.
Please note that seating in Music Room is unreserved. Seating configurations will vary depending on the performance and some events may be standing.
Official merchandise is only available inside the premises.
A performance’s stage layout is not always known when tickets go on sale. Liverpool Philharmonic cannot guarantee that tickets purchased will not have a restricted view during the performance.
We may not be aware of lighting effects, smoke, haze, pyrotechnics, dry ice, etc or/and the extent of their use until the day of the performance. The use of special effects is at the discretion of the performance's promoter.
When booking tickets online our interactive seating plan will show you the view of the stage from the seat which you have selected. The rail on the Grand Circle is a safety rail and has been designed to be subtle and unobtrusive. The rail is not considered to restrict views of the stage.
(Sold out concerts only) Liverpool Philharmonic will resell tickets, for a small fee, on behalf of the ticket holder at the request of the ticket holder. The tickets must be returned to Box Office as soon as possible before the tickets can be resold. Please note that we cannot guarantee that returned tickets will be resold.
Safety and security
For the safety of all visitors, bags may be subject to checks on performance days, and it might not be possible to check bags into the cloakroom in the Grand Foyer.
Only food and drink items purchased at the Hall may be consumed in the Hall.  We are unable to permit any food or drink items brought to the venue; our staff may request any food or drink items brought to the venue to be disposed of or consumed prior to entry.
Visitors and audience members are kindly reminded that all areas of Liverpool Philharmonic Hall are monitored by CCTV.
We reserve the right to refuse admission in all reasonable circumstances, including for example where we consider a ticket holder’s behaviour may affect others enjoyment of the performance.
We reserve the right to eject ticket holders from an event in all reasonable circumstances, including for example where we consider a ticket holder’s behaviour may affect others enjoyment of the performance.
Visitors to Liverpool Philharmonic may be filmed, photographed or recorded for publicity, broadcast, security and health and safety purposes.
Privacy
At Liverpool Philharmonic, we take your privacy and security seriously and are committed to treating your personal information with respect.
Our privacy statement outlines how we collect, store, manage, process and protect your personal information.
We will use your information in accordance with the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 (PECR), The Data Protection Act 1998 (DPA) and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and any replacement laws.
If you want to contact us, or have any questions about this statement, please email data@liverpoolphilharmonic.com.
You can manage your preferences at any time, by logging into your account or by contacting Box Office on 0151 709 3789.
Liability
All property brought to an event is at the customer's risk and Liverpool Philharmonic shall not in any way be responsible for any theft, loss or other damage in respect of such property.
Neither Liverpool Philharmonic nor the Event Promoter will be responsible for any loss or, damage, death or injury howsoever caused (other than death or personal injury resulting from the negligence of Liverpool Philharmonic or the Event Promoter) unless Liverpool Philharmonic or the Event Promoter as the case may be has breached its legal obligations and such loss or damage is a direct and reasonably foreseeable result of such breach.
Subject to the foregoing, with regard to personal property brought to the venue, the liability of the relevant party shall be limited to the reasonable cost of either repairing or replacing such personal property, subject to fair wear and tear.
Personal arrangements including travel, accommodation or hospitality relating to an event which have been arranged are at the customer’s own risk.
Ticket Resale Service
For sold out concerts only, Liverpool Philharmonic can resell tickets on the behalf of the ticket holder, for a service charge of £5 per ticket (differences in ticket prices may apply), at the request of the ticket holder. The tickets must be returned to Box Office as soon as possible before the tickets can be resold.
Tickets will be offered for resale to telephone and in person enquirers only and will not be available to purchase online.
We cannot guarantee that returned tickets will be resold and refunds are only applied if tickets are resold. A member of the Box Office team will only contact you if we manage to resell your tickets. The cost of any booking fees will be removed from the resale.
Please note we can only offer this service for tickets bought direct from Liverpool Philharmonic and not ticket agencies.
To list your tickets for resale, please call Box Office on 0151 709 3789.
Priority Booking Scheme (PBS)
Priority Booking is administered by the Development department, and income from the scheme contributes towards the Liverpool Philharmonic’s charitable work.
In these terms and conditions “PBS” means Priority Booking Scheme.
Priority tickets are for the personal use of PBS Members only. PBS membership is valid for a year from joining and only one PBS membership is permitted per person.
PBS members will be given advanced notification and priority booking for every concert at Liverpool Philharmonic Hall (excluding performances in the Music Room and concerts by Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra, Ensemble 10/10 and the Chamber Music Series.)
One membership permits a maximum of 4 tickets to be purchased through the scheme for any single concert. Tickets may be purchased online, via telephone booking or in person at the Box Office in Liverpool Philharmonic Hall.
Abuse of PBS membership may result in the member’s PBS access being revoked and their account being suspended.
Nothing in these terms and conditions constitutes or implies any guarantee of entitlement to a ticket or seat at any given concert.
All standard ticket terms and conditions apply.
CDs
1: Description of Services
1.1 Liverpool Philharmonic will endeavour to send out all CD purchases made on liverpoolphil.com, in protective packaging, within five working days of the order being placed. Should an item be out of stock the customer will be notified, via email, with information on when the product will be back in stock: the order will be sent out as soon as possible after this latter date (excepting products on pre-order, see 1.2).
1.2 Liverpool Philharmonic may, with new releases, make products available for purchase on pre-order, in which case customers may buy a product via the usual process before it is in stock: Liverpool Philharmonic will make clear on the relevant product page on liverpoolphil.com the date from which orders will be posted and notify customers in the event of delay.
2: Exchange and Refund Policy
2.1 Customers may return damaged or faulty products to the address in 4.1 within 28 days of the original order being placed. In such cases customers should email marketing@liverpoolphil.com stating their name, contact number, the date the order was placed, the product being returned, the reason for this return, and specify if they would like another copy of the same product or another product of equivalent value to be sent in exchange.
The new copy or alternative product will then be sent out by Liverpool Philharmonic as soon as the original product has been received and the cost of posting the returned item will be refunded by Liverpool Philharmonic.
2.2 If customers wish to return an unwanted product they can do so to the address in 4.1 within 28 days of the original order being placed, provided the product is sealed or unused (where the product was not sealed on initial purchase). In such cases customers should email marketing@liverpoolphil.com stating their name, contact number, the date the order was placed, the product being returned and the reason for this return. When the product has been received by Liverpool Philharmonic they will be refunded the full amount of the purchase plus the cost of return.
2.3 All refunds will be made via online transfer to the customer. Special requests for refunds by other means are made at the RLP’s discretion – all such requests must be made by emailing marketing@liverpoolphil.com . Liverpool Philharmonic will notify the customer when the refund has been made.
3.1 All physical products purchased through liverpoolphil.com (ie excepting donations and memberships) incur a £2.50 cost for postage and packing.
3.2 In the event of an exchange request postage and packing costs will not apply to any new products sent. In the event of a return any postage and packing costs incurred for the original purchase and the return post will be refunded along with the cost of the product – see 2: Exchange and Refund Policy for more details.
3.3 Products will be posted worldwide: please note however that delivery time to destinations outside of the UK may take longer than within the UK and orders outside of Europe up to 12 weeks, depending on the size of the order (smaller orders of a few CDs should not take this long, however).
4: Merchant Details
4.1 Our contact information is:
Liverpool Philharmonic Hall Hope St Liverpool L1 9BP
0151 210 2895 marketing@liverpoolphil.com
All orders are dispatched from this address.
4.2 All products are charged in British pounds.
Gift cards
Gift Cards can be used in conjunction with other promotions and can be redeemed in person or by phone on 0151 709 3789.
Gift Cards have an expiry date of 18 months from date of receipt.
Gift Cards cannot be refunded or exchanged for cash.
No cash will be given for purchases that cost less than the value of the gift card presented, but customers can request a new gift card as a credit note.
No responsibility will be accepted for expired, lost, stolen or damaged gift cards and such vouchers shall not be refunded.
Gift cards are only valid for ticket and online shop transactions and cannot be used for parking fees, food, drinks, programmes or any other merchandise item.
Standard Terms & Conditions apply to tickets purchased with Gift Cards.
Offers and competitions
To enter each competition all stages need to be completed before the closing date and (if specified) time. Prizes are collection only with the exception of tickets. Competition winners will not be publicly named and will be contacted directly to claim their prize.
Prizes offering alcoholic drinks can only be claimed by over 18s - ID may be required.
Tickets are subject to availability and tickets cannot be sold or exchanged for an alternative event.
Offers/discounts do not apply to previously purchased tickets and no other discounts apply.
Discounts do not apply to online and phone booking fees.
Get Tickets
Gift Cards
Discounts and Group Bookings
Subscriptions
Priority booking scheme
Christmas at Liverpool Philharmonic
Terms & Conditions
Share this
Recommended
Most popular
Last Few Tickets
Monday 26 April 2021 7:30pm
Liverpool Philharmonic Hall
Jamie’s dynamic live performances have always captured the attention of the audience through his undeniable energy, boundless talent and stage presence.
Jamie Cullum
Most popular
Friday 7 May 2021 8pm
Music Room
Belinda O’Hooley is an exceptionally gifted pianist, singer, songwriter and composer and has become renowned for her highly individual, emotional, yet sensitive musicality.
Belinda O’Hooley
Most popular
Last Few Tickets
Saturday 24 July 2021 7:30pm
Liverpool Philharmonic Hall
Jools continues to dazzle, involve and impress audiences with his Rhythm & Blues Orchestra and their exuberant live performances.
Jools Holland & his Rhythm & Blues Orchestra
Most popular
Monday 18 October 2021 7:30pm
Liverpool Philharmonic Hall
Chris de Burgh and his band are back and embarking on their eight date 'The Legend of Robin Hood' UK tour.
Chris de Burgh
Most popular
Saturday 19 June 2021 7:45pm
Liverpool Philharmonic Hall
For the first time in the UK, Steven Schirripa, Michael Imperioli, and Vincent Pastore will take you behind the scenes of the legendary show.
In Conversation with The Sopranos
Most popular
Sunday 24 January 2021 2:30pm
Liverpool Philharmonic Hall
Music by Thuille, Copland, Bach and Chris Hazell, conducted by Simon Emery.
Liverpool Philharmonic Youth Orchestra: Wind and Brass