http://www.gourmetdetective.com/privacy-policy
Now Playing
Darling you slay me
GET CARTIER
Calendar
Holiday
Reviews
Behind the Scenes
Groups
Groups of 10 or More
Private Parties
Corporate Hit List
Locations
Orange County-Irvine/Lake Forest
Orange County - Costa Mesa
Riverside - Flabob
Pomona - Metro Ale House
Menus
EXPERIENCE
What to Expect
FAQs
Reviews
Videos
Dinner Menus
Shop
Buy Tickets
Privacy matters. The Gourmet Detective recognizes the importance of our customers' privacy, and takes a number of steps to protect that privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for personal information collected via our theaters/restaurants or via our box office.The Gourmet Detective Privacy PolicyThe Gourmet Detective believes in protecting the privacy of its customers. The purpose of this privacy policy is to describe the kinds of information that we may gather about you; how we may use that information; how we protect it; when we may disclose it; and the choices you have regarding your information.By visiting the Site, you are consenting to the practices described in the current version of this privacy policy. If you have visited the Site previously, please review the privacy policy again to be sure you are familiar with its present terms.If you have any questions or concerns about the privacy or security of your information, you may contact us. Non-Personal Information that We Collect We collect non-personally identifiable information from you when you visit our Site. This type of information would include your Internet Protocol ("IP") address, which is the number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet. This number does not identify your name, email address, or other personal information. This is typically used to help diagnose problems with servers and to administer the Site.We do not collect non-personally identifiable information through the use of cookies. We do use Google Analytics to gather certain aggregate usage information about the numbers and frequency of visitors to our Site and individual pages of our Site. This data helps us improve the appearance and usability of the Site. Google does use cookies. A "cookie" is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the website again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. These cookies do not collect personally identifiable information nor do we combine information collected through these cookies with other personally identifiable information about you.The Gourmet Detective's advertisers and ad servers may use cookies, as well as files called "Web beacons" or "clear gifs" to determine on an anonymous basis which advertisements and promotions our Site users have seen and how users responded to them. However, we do not use these technologies to collect personally identifiable information.Personal Information that We CollectWe may collect your personally identifiable information, such as your name, mailing address, billing address, email address, phone number and credit card number, in the course of processing your reservtion, or when we otherwise communicate with you. For example, through the reservation process via the phone, and through signups for our mailing list at our theaters/restaurants, we collect personally identifiable information necessary for providing customer service and communicating with you regarding your reservations. We also may collect your financial information (like your credit card number and billing address) and your contact information (like your email address, phone number and mailing address).Uses of your InformationFinancial information that is collected is used to bill you for services that you request. Contact information from the reservation process is used to communicate information about our company to you. You may opt-out of receiving future emailings; see "How to remove your name from our mailing, sharing or email list" below.If you register for email or if you provide your email address to us, we will send you emails. These emails will inform you of our launch of new products, of special sales, of promotional offers from our partners, of new productions, and of other events taking place in our theaters/restaurants near you. If you currently receive our emails and do not wish to continue receiving them, please see the "How to remove your name from our mailing, sharing or email list" section below.We use your mailing address to send your products to you and to send other mailings to you. We use your billing address, if different than your mailing address, to verify your billing information. We never share our customer names or addresses, e-mail addresses or other personally identifiable information, other than to the extent described in the "Disclosures of Your Information" section below. If you do not wish to receive mailings from us, please see the "How to remove your name from our mailing, sharing or email list" section below.Disclosures of Your InformationWe do not disclose your personal information to other companies, persons or agencies, except for the purposes described below:Service Providers: We employ other companies and individuals to perform certain services and functions on our behalf. Examples include operating and maintaining our Site, taking orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and email, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing consultation and assistance, distributing customer surveys, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. These companies have access to personal information needed to perform their services or functions, but may not use it for other purposes.Affiliates and Partners: Sometimes we send offers to selected groups of Gourmet Detective customers on behalf of our affiliated companies, such as The Tamale Factory, Marriott Hotels, The Mezzanine Restaurant, among others.For Your Protection and Ours: We may release personally identifiable information when we believe it is appropriate to comply with applicable law regulation, legal process, or governmental request; enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of The Gourmet Detective, our customers, our employees or others.Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy subsidiaries or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing privacy policy (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that The Gourmet Detective or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.How to Remove your Name from Our Mailing, or Email ListYou have the following options for removing your information from our database to not receive future communications, or to no longer receive our service.You may send an email to service@gourmetdetective.comYou may send mail to the following address:The Gourmet DetectivePO Box 3543, Newport Beach, CA 92659You may call the following telephone number: (949) 423-5311How to Correct your Name from Our Mailing, or Email ListYou have the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.You may send an email to service@gourmetdetective.comYou may send mail to the following address:The Gourmet DetectivePO Box 3543, Newport Beach, CA 92659You may call the following telephone number: (949) 423-5311Protection of Personal InformationWe want you to feel confident about using GourmetDetective.com or making purchases from Gourmet Detective, and we are committed to protecting the personal information we collect. While we cannot guarantee security, we have implemented appropriate physical, electronic and managerial security procedures to help protect the personal information that you provide to us.External LinksIf any part of the GourmetDetective.com Web site links you to other Web sites, those Web sites do not operate under this privacy policy. We recommend that you examine the privacy statements posted on those other Web sites to understand their procedures for collecting, using, and disclosing personal information.Changes to this Privacy PolicyThe Gourmet Detective may update this privacy policy in the future. We will notify you about material changes to this privacy policy by sending a notice to the e-mail address you provided to us or by placing a prominent notice on our Web site.How to Contact UsIf you have any questions or concerns about the privacy or security of your information, you may contact us in any of the following waysYou may send an email to service@gourmetdetective.comYou may send mail to the following address:The Gourmet DetectivePO Box 3543, Newport Beach, CA 92659You may call the following telephone number: (949) 423-5311