https://www.thetransformers.net/privacy-policy
News
Features
Toys
Transformers Dark of the Moon
Forum
Transformers-themed pub could be Britain’s Best Home Bar
A Transformers-themed pub is in the running to be crowned Britain’s Best Home Bar, in a competition being run by Liberty Games.
The winning bar, chosen… [more]
TFNation 2019 Transformers Convention Review
This last weekend saw yet another Transformers convention take over the Metropole Hilton, in Birmingham. These weekends have become a staple of my summer… [more]
Annual Transformers Forum Meet Tour
Every year, since 2011, the nerds from TheTF.Net forum (now a Facebook group, because running a forum proved too much like hard work) have met for a weekend… [more]
Our 2019 Forum Meet took place this weekend, in Cardiff
This weekend saw our annual forum meet being held in the Welsh capital of Cardiff. Each year we meet in a different town or city in the UK, alternating… [more]
Video Footage from Transforce in 2001
Almost 18 years ago (crikey, has it been that long?) we wrote a review of our visit to Transforce in August 2001. It was a seriously hot day, but a great… [more]
Characters
Features
Gallery
Interviews
Merchandise
Multimedia
News
Animated
Armada
Beast Machines
Beast Wars
Beast Wars II
Beast Wars Neo
Cartoon
Comics
Devil's Due
Dreamwave
IDW Publishing
Marvel
Panini
Titan
Conventions
Auto Assembly
BotCon
Transforce
Cybertron
DVD
Energon
Entertainment Rights
Generation One
Hasbro
Headmasters
Madman
Maverick Entertainment
Maximum Entertainment
Metrodome
Paramount
Press Release
Rhino
Robots In Disguise
Sony BMG
Super-God Masterforce
Takara
Toys
Transformers 4 (2013)
Transformers movie (2007)
Transformers Prime
Transformers Rescue Bots
Transformers The Movie (1986)
Transformers: Dark of the Moon
Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen
Victory
Video Games
People
Reviews
Site Updates
Toys / Action Figures
Transformers 3 (2011)
Privacy Policy
Written by Darren 'Starscream' Jamieson on January 29, 2019 |
|
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.thetransformers.net.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Comments Off on Privacy Policy
No Comments
There are no comments on this yet, be the first to write a comment.
RSS feed for comments on this post.
Sorry, the comment form is closed at this time.
Change Theme
Autobot
Decepticon
Looking for Transformers?
Search for:
Transformers Games
Top Trumps
Transformers Pages
Cartoons
Comics
Features
Merchandise
Toys
Subscribe to TheTransformers.Net
Enter your email address to subscribe to Transformers news:
Transformers Email
Username:
Password:
Sign Up for free Email
TheTransformers.Net was designed by, and is copyright © 2000 - 2020 to Sheer Media Limited
The Transformers.Net was formed in 2000 and has become one of the biggest Transformers websites in the world, with its own large Transformers community in the forum. Find out more about our Transformers website here.
This website uses cookies for a SUPERIOR experience. We'll assume your acceptance, but you can EJECT if you wish. I Accept Your Terms NEVER!!! Our TermsPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.