http://www.cristallgallery.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyElissa Cristall2018-11-26T01:18:18-08:00
The following statements describe the privacy practices for cristallgallery.com:
We do not collect any personal information from our usersVisits are logged for aggregate statistics and diagnosisSecurity settings protect the misuse of sensitive information
Personal User Information
cristallgallery.com requires no user registration. Users are free to visit cristallgallery.com, and navigate all its pages.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies, like almost all websites. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or mobile phone when you browse websites, to help provide you with the best experience we can.
Our cookies help us:
Improve the speed of the site
Continuously improve our website for you
Allow you to share pages with social networks like Facebook, etc.
Offer you free services/content (by advertising)
Make our marketing more efficient (helping us keep the site free to use)
We do not use cookies to:
Collect any personally identifiable information (without your express permission)
Collect any sensitive information (without your express permission)
Pay sales commissions
You can learn more about all the cookies we use below
Granting Us Permission To Use Cookies
If your browser is adjusted to accept cookies we take this, and your continued use of our website, to mean that you are fine with this. Should you wish to deactivate cookies, you can learn how to do this below, however doing so will likely mean that your browser will not work as you would expect on most web pages.
Social Website Cookies
Cookies are used by social websites (like Facebook and Twitter) so you can easily Like or share our content with the sharing buttons on our site.
The privacy implications on this will vary from the different social websites and are dependent on the privacy settings you have chosen on these networks.
Visitor Statistics Cookies
We use cookies to compile visitor statistics such as how many people have visited our website, what type of technology they are using (e.g. Mac or Windows which helps to identify when our site isn’t working as it should for particular technologies), how long they spend on the site, what page they look at etc.
This helps us to continuously improve our website. These analytics programs also tell us if how people reached this site (e.g. from a search engine) and whether they have been here before helping us to put more money into developing our services for you instead of marketing spend.
We use:
Google Analytics – Privacy Policy owned by GoogleAdvertising CookiesCookies are widely used in online advertising. Neither us, advertisers or our advertising partners can gain personally identifiable information from these cookies.
You can learn more about online advertising, or opt-out of almost all advertising cookies at https://www.youronlinechoices.com.
Note: Opting out of advertising cookies will not disable ads, they will just no longer be tailored to you.
Our website contains advertisements that may be displayed to you as you browse our website. These advertisements are managed by companies and organizations that specialize in creating and providing advertisements for multiple websites. By way of standard website technology, these companies and organizations place cookies to collect anonymous data about the websites you visit in order to personalize advertising content to you, to ensure that you don’t see the same advertising content too frequently and to be able to report to their advertisers on advertisements that are working.
Turning Cookies Off
You can usually switch cookies off by adjusting your browser settings to stop it from accepting cookies. Your browser help function will tell you how. Doing so, however, will limit the functionality of most of the world’s websites as cookies are a standard part of websites.
Links
cristallgallery.com has links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other websites.
Contacting the Website
Questions about this privacy statement? Please email:
info@cristallgallery.com
Close product quick view×
By using our website you agree to our cookie policy.
Go to Top