http://www.startrek-wormhole.com/privacy
Add Search to your Site
Modify a Link
Add a Link
Hot Links
Wormhole Favorites
New Links
Index
Search
Search Wormhole
Search Google
Add this search to your site
Legal Information
Disclaimer
Star Trek, Star Trek: The Next Generation, Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, Star Trek: Voyager, and Star Trek: Enterprise are all registered trademarks of Paramount Pictures Corporation. No copyright infringement is intended through the display of material on this site. This site is also in no way affiliated with or endorsed by Paramount Pictures.
This site is intended for personal and non-profit use only. Revenues generated from advertisements on this site are directly used for site expenses and no profit is being made out of it.
Copyrights
All rights to original material on this site are reserved by StarTrek-Wormhole.com and the respective authors.
Visitors are welcome to use material displayed on this website, provided that such material is used only in the form of excerpts. Reproduction of whole pages or the copying of HTML code is expressly forbidden. When such material is displayed on another web site, please credit StarTrek-Wormhole.com with a hyperlink to the URL listed above. If information or pictures that do not originate from StarTrek-Wormhole.com are used, please credit the original source instead. Advance notification is requested when any material from StarTrek-Wormhole.com is to be displayed on another web site.
Privacy Policy
StarTrek-Wormhole.com
(hereafter referred to as STWH) respects your privacy. That's why we have created this Privacy Statement to explain how and why we collect certain information online, and how we use that information. This statement also explains how you can prevent collection of certain information about yourself, if you choose.
STWH is a personally owned and operated website . This website is owned and operated by Roy Veldman.
You are free to browse STWH without submitting any personal information. We do not collect any of your personal information (such as a name, address or e-mail address) when you visit web site, unless you have submitted an URL, or otherwise agree to submit to us such information.
If we do collect personal information it is only used by us to tailor the information on this website to your needs.
We do not and will not disclose your private, personally identifiable information to any third party for any purpose. However, STWH reserves the right to disclose your personal information if required to do so by law, or in the good faith belief that such action is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, respond to claims, or to protect the rights, property or safety of our company, clientele, or the public. All reasonable care is taken in handling your personal information to ensure its security both offline and online.
Website ©
RoyVeldman.com, all rights reserved. Powered by Hot Links SQL 3. Thumbnail Screenshots by Thumbshots.
STAR TREK and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc.
Contact | Disclaimer | Copyrights | Privacy Policy