http://www.hollins.edu/privacy-statement/
Skip to main content
Menu Icon
Hollins University
About
Academics
Admission
Campus Life
Career Center
Athletics
Alumnae
Visit
Giving
News
Giving
News
Request Information
Hollins
Visit
Search
About
Academics
Admission
Campus Life
Career Center
Athletics
Alumnae
Hollins University respects your privacy and strives to help you protect your personal information. This Privacy Policy is intended to inform you of how we use the information you provide to us and with whom it is shared.
use of Personal Information
We use the information you give us to provide you information you request. For example, if you fill out a form requesting more information about Hollins, we will use the information you provide us to contact you about Hollins. We may also use information you provide us or information we collect to help us improve your experience on our website.
Your Consent
By using our website and specifically by filling out one of Hollins’ online forms, you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as is described in this Privacy Policy. If we change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this website. This Privacy Policy was last updated on May 24, 2018.
Use of information
We collect information to keep you informed about Hollins. Your information may also be shared on an aggregated, non-personal basis. This information is not traceable to any particular user and will not be used to contact you again.
We will not sell, rent, exchange, or share your personal information with any third parties without permission or except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The Type of Information We May Collect
If you fill out a form for Hollins online, we may collect your contact information, such as name, address, email, and telephone number.
When you visit our website, we may also collect your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, operating system, computer or mobile device type, or navigation and clickstream information. This information is used to help us improve users’ experience our website.
Cookies
We use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., web beacons, pixels, ad tags) to recognize you and/or your devices on, off, and across our different websites. You can control how cookies are used through your browser settings and other tools.
Lawful Bases for Processing Information
We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have a lawful bases. Our lawful bases for processing your information could include where you give us consent (for example: when you sign up for our mailing lists) and other legitimate interests. These other legitimate interests include but are not limited to complying to laws that apply to Hollins and enabling us to administer our business (for example: quality control, consolidated reporting, or customer service).
Correcting and updating your information
We retain the information you share with us for as long as we need to in order to provide you the services you request. We also retain other data generated by you (i.e., data generated when you browse our website) in a depersonalized or aggregated form in order to help us improve users’ experience on our website. We may also retain your information for a reasonable period of time for Hollins to conduct audits, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or other legitimate business interests.
If you believe any personal data we maintain about you is incorrect or incomplete, you may ask us to correct it. In addition, you may ask for a copy of it, or you may ask us to delete it. If you have a request about your data or any concerns about the information you provide to us, please contact us at data@hollins.edu.
Where Your Data may be sent
If you are located outside of the United States, we may transfer the personal data you provide to us to the United States. By sharing your data with us, you consent to the transfer of your data to the United States.
ADA Accessibility
Hollins University attempts to make its information accessible to all individuals. If you use special adaptive equipment and encounter problems when using this website, please report them using the contact information provided on equipment providers’ websites. Additional accessibility resources and assistance are available at ADA.gov. If you have issues accessing the Hollins University website, please contact marketing@hollins.edu.
Other Important Privacy Information
Children’s Privacy. We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13 without parental consent, unless permitted by law. If we learn that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information, we will delete it in accordance with applicable law.
Your California Privacy Rights. (a) California residents are entitled once a year, free of charge, to request and obtain certain information regarding our disclosure, if any, of certain categories of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. We do not share personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. (b) California residents who are registered users may also request and obtain removal of content. You may request such removal by emailing us at data@hollins.edu. In your request, please provide a description of the material that you want removed and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material, and include your name, email address and the subject line “California Removal Request” so that we can process your request.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, you can contact:
Hollins University
Web Manager
Box 9657
7916 Williamson Road
Roanoke, VA 24020
lmartin@hollins.edu
The Hollins University website contains links to other independently run websites within the Hollins network and to some sites outside the “hollins.edu” domain. Hollins University is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Who We Are
Why Hollins
History and Mission
News & Media
Our President & Leadership
Virtual Campus Tour
Faculty & Staff Directory
Offices and Services
Employment Opportunities
Calendar of Events