http://www.scetv.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
SCETV.org is the corporate web site for the South Carolina Educational Television Commission. We're located at 1041 George Rogers Boulevard, Columbia, South Carolina, 29201, USA.
Nothing is more important to us than protecting the private information of our visitors. ETV Web sites adhere to a strict policy for ensuring the privacy of your—and your children's—personally identifiable information (such as full name, address, e-mail address, telephone number and/or other identifiable information) and preserving the integrity of this online medium.
Gathering and Use of Information
We will not collect personally identifiable information from you, other than what you supply to us on a voluntary basis.
In order to participate in some activities, you might be asked to provide some personally identifiable information. This could be in connection with the following:
contest or sweepstakes registration
subscription registration for sites or services which require subscription (such as e-mail newsletters)
requests for membership information to local television stations
transactions in the online ETV Store
content submissions, community postings (i.e., forums or bulletin boards), comments and suggestions, or voting
The South Carolina ETV Commission will never willfully disclose your personal information to any third party without first receiving your permission.
SCETV.org may use your personally identifiable information for activities explained above, for internal and marketing promotional purposes, or when ETV Store customer mailing lists are made available to carefully screened companies whose products or services might interest individuals who have shopped on the SCETV Web site (this is the only case in which such information is provided to third parties, upon your approval).
We will always explain the extent of its use at the time you are asked to provide personal information. If you do not want this information to be collected or used by us for these purposes, you can simply "opt out." Under certain circumstances, opting out may prevent your participation in activities for which personal information is needed, such as in contests. In most circumstances, ETV uses an "opt in" policy.
Tracking Log Files, Cookies and Web Beacons
As you surf around SCETV.org, it is possible that several cookies will be set on your computer. A cookie is information a Web site puts on your computer's hard drive so that the site can remember your preferences or which pages you visited on that site. ETV uses the information from cookies to deliver relevant local resources, remember browser preferences, and improve our visitors’ experiences on the site.
No personal information is ever stored in an ETV cookie, even if you have entered your name or e-mail address on other parts of SCETV.org. ETV does not sell information collected by cookies nor use the information for commerce-related purposes. In addition, ETV will not filter content, based on your preferences, without permission.
ETV uses cookies at the following times:
If you localize pbs.org to the PBS station nearest you, a cookie will tell PBS your station's call letters. PBS only keeps track of how many computers choose each station. You can choose to have your computer remember a different station, or no station at all, at any time. Please note that if you come to pbs.org from a local station site, and you were not previously localized to a station, you may be automatically localized to that station.
If you watch a video clip or listen to an audio clip on SCETV.org, a cookie may remember which media player you prefer to use on your computer.
You can change your video and audio preferences at any time, or choose a player each time you view or listen to a clip.
As you explore SCETV.org, an analytics cookie and log file will tell us which pages you visit and the amount of time between each page visit.
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in analytic log files. The information in the log files include your IP address, your internet service provider, the browser you used to visit our site, the time you visited and which pages you visited on our site.
We also use third party advertisements on SCETV.org to support our site.
Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP, the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).
You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
ETV Kids Privacy Policy
Because Knowitall.org and PBS Kids speak to a special audience, Web sites that provide components for children must follow additional guidelines above and beyond the MyETV.org policies. For complete guidelines on information collection and sponsorship, please visit the Knowitall.org Privacy Policy and the PBS Kids Privacy Policy.
Acceptance of SCETV.org Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
By using this site, you signify your agreement to the terms and conditions of this SCETV.org Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use the site. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for any changes. Your continued use of SCETV.org following the posting of any changes to these terms shall mean that you have accepted those changes. Please also see South Carolina ETV Online Terms of Use. If you have any questions or concerns, please e-mail the webmaster@scetv.org.