http://www.dancesportscotland.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
0131 564 1707
dancesportscotland1945@gmail.com
Home
About Dancesport Scotland
Join
Contact Us
Menu
HomeJoinWhat's OnPre-RegistrationsSocial Dance ClubsProfessional TeachersChildren's League 2019Covid-19 Guidance
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Dancesport Scotland is committed to protecting the privacy of our website users. In this policy we set how we will deal with your personal details.
Any information collected and stored, including cookies will be of the following kind:
Your visits and use of our website.
Information provided for the use of registering and/or subscribing to our website service.
Information provided for the business purposes, quotes, analysis etc.
Newsletters.
Website Visits
We may collect information about your visits to our website such as IP address, location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and number of page views. This information may be used to improve our website's usability and for marketing purposes.
Cookies are used on this website. A cookie is a text file sent by a web server to a web browser and stored in the browser. The file is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page form the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.
We may send a cookie which may be stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. The information we obtain from the cookie could be used to improve the website's usability and for marketing purposes. We may also use that information to recognise your computer when you visit our website, and to personalise our website for you.
Browsers usually will allow you to refuse cookies but this could have a negative impact on the usability of many websites.
Using Your Personal Data
Personal data submitted on this website could be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in any relevant parts of the website.
In addition to the uses already identified we may use your personal information to:
Improve your browsing experience by personalising the website.
Send information (other than marketing communications) which might be of interest to you by post or email.
Provide other companies with statistical information about our users; however, this information will not be used to identify an individual user.
We will not provide any personal information to a third party unless you have given your permission.
Other Disclosures
In addition to disclosures already discussed we may need to disclose the following information:
Where a country's legal system requires us to disclose your personal information.
In connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings.
In order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights. (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk)
Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to third parties.
International Data Transfers
Information that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate in order to enable us to use the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
If you are in the European Union, information which you provide may be transferred to countries which do not have data protection laws equivalent to those in force in the European Union. You expressly agree to such transfers.
Security of Your Personal Data
We will take reasonable precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. Of course, data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
We will store all the personal information you provide on our secure servers. All electronic transactions you make to or receive from us will be encrypted.
Policy Amendments
We may occasionally update this privacy policy by posting a new version on our website. It is in your interest to check this page regularly to ensure you are comfortable with any changes made.
Third Party Websites
Our website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies of any third party websites.
Cookies
Some of the services we use such as Google Analytics, Clicky Analytics and addThis set cookies to allow us to gather anonymous data about your usage of our website.
Your Rights
You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you by writing to the Secretary at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. There will be no charge for the provision of such information.
You can request us not to use any of your personal details; we will usually ask you in advance whether you agree to our use of your personal data.
These terms and conditions, together with our privacy policy constitute the entire agreement between you and us in relation to your use of our website, and supersede all previous agreements in respect of your use of this website.
HomeJoinWhat's OnPre-RegistrationsSocial Dance ClubsProfessional TeachersChildren's League 2019Covid-19 Guidance
Copyright © 2020 dancesportscotland.org.All rights reserved.
ConstitutionByelawsPrivacy PolicyTerms and ConditionsThe British Dance Council