http://www.uk-jive.co.uk/w3c/privacy.asp
UK-Jive Privacy policy
--> Select
Home
Modern Jive Events
Modern Jive Classes
Modern Jive Holidays
Modern Jive News
List Your Details
About UK-Jive
Modern Jive Links
Contact UK-Jive
Privacy Policy for UK-Jive
This policy explains how I.T. Magic (UK) Ltd uses any information you
provide to us during your use of our web site
General Information
I.T. Magic (UK) Ltd takes your privacy seriously. Please read the following information to learn more about our privacy practices.
This policy covers what personally identifiable information I.T. Magic (UK) Ltd collects and how it is treated.
Personally identifiable information is information that can be used to identify visitors to the http://www.uk-jive.co.uk Web Site. This information may be limited to an IP address or extend to personally identifiable information such as your name, address, email address, or phone number.
This policy only applies to http://www.uk-jive.co.uk and does not extend to the practices of other Web Sites that we may link to, companies that we do not own or control, or to people that we do not employ or manage.
Contact Information
We invite you to contact us if you have questions about this privacy policy.
Our Internet address is located at http://www.uk-jive.co.uk
UK-Jive is operated by I.T. Magic (UK) Ltd (United Kingdom Company Number 5225707) (‘us’) which is the Data
Controller for the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998. You may contact us
at the following address:
I.T. Magic (UK) Ltd
PO Box 2971
Swindon, SN4 8WU
United Kingdom
You may contact us by e-mail at dance@uk-jive.co.uk
You may contact us by phone on 0844 586 7799.
Dispute Resolution
I.T. Magic (UK) Ltd is committed to resolving any dispute you may have regarding our privacy policy quickly and efficiently.
Disputes will be handled by our customer service representative as outlined at http://www.uk-jive.co.uk/contact.asp. Our customer service will promptly correct any errors.
Information Collection
When visiting web sites, certain information about you and your computer can sometimes be collected. This section explains what information I.T. Magic (UK) Ltd collects, and how it is used.
Information Collected - What information do we collect and why?
As with most other web sites, we collect and use the data contained in
log files.  The information in the log files include  your IP (internet
protocol) address, your ISP (Internet Service Provider, such as AOL or
BT Internet), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet
Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you
visited throughout our site.
We collect the following identifiable information about our visitors:
user.name
user.home-info.online.email
user.home-info.telecom.telephone (optional)
user.business-info.telecom.telephone (optional)
user.business-info.online.email (optional)
dynamic.clickstream
dynamic.cookies
We collect identifiable information for the following reasons:
Completion and Support of Current Activity
Completion of our enquiry form will allow the relevant advertisers to contact you in relation to your enquiry. Your personal details will not be used for any other marketing activity unless you opt-in to such marketing activity.
Information Recipients - Who has access to the information collected?
Ourselves and/or our entities acting as our agents or entities for which we are acting as an agent.
Information Retention - How long is this information retained?
Information is retained for an indefinite period.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Cookies and web beacons are technologies which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a web site.
A cookie is an element of data that a web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
Web beacons are often used in conjunction with cookies to help people running a web site to understand the behaviour of their visitors. A web beacon is typically a tiny transparent (invisible) graphic image that is placed on a page.
Web beacons do not reveal personal information about you. They are simply a convenient way of gathering the simplest of statistics and managing cookies.
We also use third party advertisements on UK-Jive to support our
site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and
web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these
advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program)
information including your IP address, your ISP, the browser you used
to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash
installed.  This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing
UK based real estate ads to someone in the UK, for example) or
showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing
cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).
DoubleClick DART cookies
We also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Google's
DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are
browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising
(including some Google AdSense advertisements).  This cookie is used to
serve ads specific to you and your interests (”interest based
targeting”).  The ads served will be targeted based on your previous
browsing history (For example, if you have been viewing sites about
visiting The Cotswolds, you may see Cotswold hotel advertisements when
viewing a non-related site, such as on a site about photography).  DART uses
“non personally identifiable information”.  It does NOT track personal
information about you, such as your name, email address, physical
address, telephone number, national insurance number, bank account
numbers or credit card numbers.  You can opt-out of this ad serving on
all sites using this advertising by visiting http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/dart_adserving.aspx
You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or
third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing
preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However,
this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as
other web sites This could include the inability to login to services
or programs, such as accessing an administration account or our system remembering your details.
Google Analytics Tracking
This web site uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google,
Inc. (“Google”).  Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files
placed on your computer, to help the web site analyse how users use the site.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of the web site (including
your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the
United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating
your use of the web site, compiling reports on web site activity for web site operators
and providing other services relating to web site activity and internet usage.  Google
may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by
law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf.
Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.  You
may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser,
however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality
of this web site  By using this web site, you consent to the processing of
data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Our Contact Details
Address:
I.T. Magic (UK) Ltd
PO Box 2971
Swindon
Wiltshire, SN4 8WU
E-mail:
Click here
© I.T. Magic (UK) 2020All rights reserved.
View our privacy statement, terms
& conditions and site map.