https://www.pembrokeshirecoast.wales/get-involved/volunteering/helping-the-public-to-understand-and-enjoy-the-national-park-2/
Jump to Main content
Highlight Links
High contrast Mode
Readable Fonts
Greyscale Mode
Invert Mode
XClose this tab
Search for:
Search
Are you interested in helping deliver the Authority's programme of activities and events, including guided walks? If so, the opportunities below might be of interest to you.
Activity Volunteers
Activity Volunteers support the National Park Authority’s programme of activities and events, which are designed to help locals and visitors learn and understand more about the National Park. Activity Volunteers provide an extra pair of hands at family events, keep a group together on a guided walk and help to ensure that all participants on our events enjoy themselves and stay safe.
Volunteer Walk Leaders
Some Activity Volunteers act as walk and event leaders. We offer training in walk leadership, first aid and risk assessments and where appropriate, MiDAS minibus training to enable volunteers to lead events with confidence.
Visit our jobs portal to see current vacancies
More on Volunteering
Keeping Your Information Safe – Volunteer Details
We are Pembrokeshire Coast National Park Authority. In order to work safely and effectively we need to collect information from individual volunteers....
Read more
Volunteering at our Sites, Centres and Head Office
Volunteering for the National Park Authority doesn’t always mean working outdoors or travelling to different sites.
Read more
Associated Groups
Examples of other volunteering opportunities with groups and organisations with similar aims.
Read more
Volunteering case studies
Hear from people who’ve enjoyed helping out in various volunteering roles with the National Park Authority.
Read more
Flexible Opportunities
Would you prefer to volunteer at a time and place that suits you, rather than to be part of an organised group?
Read more
Practical conservation opportunities
If you like to work with people and enjoy getting your hands dirty, these roles might be of interest to you.
Read more
Get In Touch
Contact us and register your details to get the latest updates on what's happening in the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park.
Contact Us
Cookie Policy
To help us make this website better, the cookie settings are set to ‘allow all cookies’. If you continue without changing these settings, you consent to this – for more information and to change this at any time, see our cookie policy and privacy policy.
I understand
View Basket
Checkout
Continue Shopping