https://www.ukuleleorchestra.com/index.php/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode/
Cookie Policy
We use cookies on this website to improve your shopping experience. We use cookies to remember log-in details and provide secure log-in, collect statistics to optimize site functionality, and deliver content tailored to your interests. Click accept to give your consent to accept cookies and go directly to the site or click on more information to see detailed descriptions of the types of cookies we store.
Click here to learn about cookie settings.
Accept
Decline
My Account
My Basket
Checkout
Cookie preference
Log In
Go
'The Nation's Ukulele Orchestra'BBC News, Radio 4, 23rd September 2014
Shopping Basket
-
£0.00
You have no items in your shopping basket.
To Watch the ukulele lockdown videos click here
Navigation
Home-->
Gig Dates
Memeber of The Ukulele Orchestra
Contact
Home
Gig Dates
About Us
Members of The Ukulele Orchestra of Great Britain
Find out a little more about each of the Members of the Orchestra.
MORE ABOUT THE PLAYERS
History of The Ukulele Orchestra of Great Britain
When and how did it all start. Find out something about the history of the Ukulele Orchestra.
THE HISTORY
Shop
CDs
Pick up our latest CD 'The Only Album by the UOGB That You'll Ever Need, Vol.9' or browse all of our CDs available online.
DVDs
Choose from our latest DVD 'Ukulele Lockdown' or browse all of our DVDs available online.
Merchandise
Grab one of our new 'Tour Poster Tea Towels' or a pickup a 'Flying Uke' T-shirts to show your support for the UOGB!
News
Never Mind Songbook
World Service
Newsletter
Contacts
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how The Ukulele Orchestra of Great Britain uses and protects any information
that you give The Ukulele Orchestra of Great Britain when you use this website.
The Ukulele Orchestra of Great Britain is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.
Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website,
then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
The Ukulele Orchestra of Great Britain may change this policy from time to time by updating this page.
You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the List of cookies we collect section.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service,
and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we
think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes.
We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website
according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure,
we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure
the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive.
Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit
a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application
can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about
your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic
and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical
analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful
and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you,
other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting
to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Your Rights
The Ukulele Orchestra of Great Britain adheres to the 2016 General Data Protection Regulations. You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
The right to be informed
The right of access
The right to rectification
The right to erasure
The right to restrict processing
The right to data portability
The right to object
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling.
To exercise any of the above rights please contact us in the following way:
Telephone: +44 (0)20 7981 0030
Email: sales@ukuleleorchestra.com
To unsubscribe from any email marketing please click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email.
In the unlikely event that you are unsatisfied with our response, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner Office.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links
to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website.
Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst
visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.
You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate
that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes,
you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at
sales@ukuleleorchestra.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission
or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information
about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998.
A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to
The Ukulele Orchestra of Great Britain
35 The Marina
Deal
CT14 6NH.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete,
please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address.
We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE name
COOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
What people say
The Evening Standard
“Among the great entertainers”
The Observer
“They have grown into a much-loved institution”
Brian Eno
"The Ukulele Orchestra of Great Britain may well turn out to be one of the turning points of 21st Century Art. But then again..."
Music Week
“A musicologist’s nightmare”
The Independent
"The best musical entertainment in the country."
New York Times
“They extract more than seems humanly possible from
so small and so modest an instrument”
David Bowie
"Wonderfully clever."
The Sunday Times
“Iconoclastic. Unabashed genre crashing antics. Nothing is spoof proof.”
The Financial Times
“The sophisticated sound they make – both percussive and melodic – is
at once hilarious and heartfelt”
The Guardian
“The ukulele has found its avant garde”
Contact us
Ukulele Orchestra of Great Britain 35 The Marina Deal, CT14 6NH England, UK
+44 (0)20 7981 0030
Click here to email us
Twitter
Follow us on Twitter
Facebook
You can also purchase The Ukulele Orchestra of Great Britain's music on Amazon and iTunes or check out our YouTube channel for videos.
©
George Hinchliffe's Ukulele Orchestra of Great BritainAll Rights Reserved.  Site: BiteAndBang
Your Account
Delivery Information
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy