http://www.compositiontoday.com/terms.asp
Login   Sign Up
Home
Blog
Competitions, Jobs & Opps
Concerts
Show Case
Composers
Articles
Interviews
Sound Bank
Home
Browse
Blog
Competitions, Jobs and Opps
Concerts
Members' Showcase
Composers
Articles
Interviews
Soundbank
Members
Sign up
Login
Latest Comps
& Opps
24/12/19
Percussion competition...
24/12/19
CALL FOR ACOUSMATIC WORKS...
24/12/19
Submissions in any medium...
Site Search
Other Resources
News Archive
CompositionToday Terms of Service Page
By using this site, you agree to abide by the following simple common sense rules:
You certify that you are 16 years of age or over.
Nicknames that we feel are inflammatory, vulgar, promotional, or rude will be removed
Forums and comments are moderated for language
and commercialized promotional posts.
Work uploaded to the showcase or elsewhere may be subject to a content warning in cases of extreme
language, sex or violence. At the absolute discretion of the CompositionToday team, work may be
removed if it is considered unsuitable for the site.
Work uploaded to the showcase remains the copyright of the author.
You should not use CompositionToday as a primary storage facility for your work. We cannot make
any guarantees about the safety of materials uploaded to the site and will not offer any
compensation should they be lost.
Always be respectful of other users, the system, and the moderators. We put the
system online in good faith, please use it in good faith.
Any on site private discussions (CTMail) with moderators or administrators
related to site policy or actions may be shared with administrators if we feel
it is necessary.
You agree not to hold CompositionToday or its members liable for anything stated
in the forums, comment boxes or reviews on the site.
Please treat others the way you wish to be treated. One way
to guard against misunderstandings is to read over your response before you post
it. Flaming or personal attacks are not allowed or tolerated. Should
anyone use inappropriate language, start a personal attack, or engage in hate
speech, they will be barred from all further discussions.
The forums and archive are not a venue for advertisements in any way. It will be the sole
discretion of CompositionToday and its moderators as to what constitutes an
advertisement.
You are responsible for your own posts and agree not to hold CompositionToday or its owners
liable for any messages posted.
By posting in the forum or in the comments sections, you grant CompositionToday a
permanent licence to use such posts and comments on the site. Members no longer wishing to participate in the site
may only request that posts are removed in cases where personal safety, libel, or copyright violations are involved.
Requests to remove all comments and posts will not usually be granted as they destroy the integrity of the conversations to which they belong.
You will not copy and retransmit any information out of the site without
first getting the permission of the original author of the message and a
CompositionToday administrator.
Discussions about moderator or administrator actions are welcome in email or
local private messages, but should not be discussed in public on the site. This is
out of respect for the members and moderators or policy involved.
Messages posted at this site are the sole opinion and responsibility of the
poster
See also our privacy policy
For our part we will do our best to protect your privacy and respect your posts.
We will not edit or otherwise misrepresent what you write without cause.
We reserve the right to edit any and all content that has been placed on CompositionToday.
We reserve the right to modify these Terms of Service from time to time without notice. Any such changes are retroactive.
Copyright © www.compositiontoday.com 2004-2020. All rights
reserved. |
Terms & Conditions |
Privacy |
About Us
| Contact Us |