https://www.royalacademyofdance.org/privacy-policy/
Classes
Classes
Take a look at a list of our various classes and initiatives you can take part in.
Find out more about the classes we offer
Classes
Find your nearest RAD teacher
Workshops, Summer Schools and Competitions
Private lessons
Silver Swans
Our Dance School in London
Apply
Adult Dance Classes
Children’s Dance Classes
Additional Information
Dance studies
GCSE Dance
A Level Dance
Membership
Membership
Whatever your interest in dance, we have a membership category to suit you.
Find out more about RAD membership
Membership information
Which membership is for you?
Faculty of Education Student Membership
Life Members
Awards and Nominations
Special Offers and Competitions
Dance Gazette
Global Jobs Board
Membership Types
Become an RAD Registered Teacher
Become an RAD Teacher (inactive)
Become an RAD Member Plus
Become an RAD Member
Exams
Exams
RAD exams, requirements, applying, entering and teacher information.
Find out more about RAD exams
Exams information
Exams quick guide
The panel of examiners
Specifications and syllabus updates
Prerequisites and age requirements
Reasonable adjustments
What to wear
Certificates, result forms, medals and replacements
UCAS points
Special consideration
Result enquiries
Forms
Recognition and accreditation
Dates, exam timings and sets
Fees and refunds
Exam policies and guidelines
Teacher training
Teacher training
We are a specialist dance education provider with 100 years experience in inspiring, cultivating and supporting dance teachers around the world. Our Faculty of Education was created in 1999 in recognition of our increasing commitment to higher education.
Find a programme
Become a teacher
Prospectus 2020/21
Open days & Audition dates
Continuing Professional Development (CPD)
Study on-site
BA (Hons) in Ballet Education
PGCE: Dance Teaching (with Qualified Teacher Status)
Licentiate of the Royal Academy of Dance
Professional Dancers’ Teaching Diploma
Study by distance learning
Certificate in Ballet Teaching Studies
Diploma in Dance Teaching Studies
BA (Hons) in Dance Education
Master of Arts in Education (Dance Teaching)
Professional Dancers’ Postgraduate Teaching Certificate
Pathway to RAD Registered Teacher Status (RTS)
RAD Access Route
Foundation Module
Applying to study
Before You Apply
How to apply
After you apply
Fees and funding
Quality assurance, enhancement & compliance
Policy & Procedures
Additional information
Why Choose us?
Student stories
Distance Learning
Insight into Auditions
Graduation
Facilities
Staff and research
The Fonteyn
The Fonteyn
The Margot Fonteyn International Ballet Competition, named after RAD's longest serving president, Dame Margot Fonteyn DBE, is our flagship annual event.
find out more
About the Fonteyn
Competition Stories
The Fonteyn bursaries
Toronto 2019
Zoom in on The Fonteyn
The Fonteyn 2021
Competition format – new for 2021
Eligibility and fees
How to apply
Artistic information
Support us
Support us
Find out more about how you can support us, including corporate support, fundraising, and how to become a friend of the RAD.
See how you can get involved
Support us
A new Home for Dance
Corporate support
Individual support
Trusts and foundations
Our partners and sponsors
Supporting you
Bursaries we offer
About us
About us
Learn more about our organisation, from venue hire to contact information to job opportunities.
find out more about the RAD
About RAD
People
History
Corporate governance
The Philip Richardson Library
Benesh International: Benesh Movement Notation
Venue hire
Shop
What's on?
News
Our dance projects
Our Dance Projects
Learn more about our dance projects and initiatives.
Find out more about the wide variety of our work.
Projects
Project B
Step Into Dance
Dance for Lifelong Wellbeing
RADiate
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice
The Royal Academy of Dance (RAD), including Royal Academy of Dance Enterprises Ltd, is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This Privacy Notice explains:
how, when and why we collect personal information
how we use the information
how long we keep it
when and how we may share it with others
how we keep it secure, and
your privacy rights and how the law protects you
We only use personal information if we have an appropriate reason (lawful basis) to do so and this includes sharing information outside the Royal Academy of Dance.
How do we collect information from you?
We may obtain information about you when you:
complete an online, electronic or paper application form
speak to us on the telephone or in person
email us
visit our website(s)
make a payment or donation
make a booking for an event, class or workshop
complete a survey online or paper version
sign up to an RAD mailing list
contact us through the online library catalogue
(The above list is representative, not exhaustive.)
What type of information is collected from you?
The personal information we collect may include your:
name
date of birth/age
gender
home address
email address
telephone number
nationality
school/business name
school/business address
credit/debit card information
health or disability information (or other ‘special data’)
emergency contact name, number and relation to you
membership of professional bodies or associations
dance teaching experience and/or skills, qualifications (dance, dance teaching, languages etc.)
IP (internet protocol) address
information regarding the web pages you have visited and when
(The above list is representative, not exhaustive).
How is your information used?
We use your information to:
process an application that you have made for an activity (membership, CPD, class, course or programme of study) or event
process an order for a product or other service
process a payment (or credit) for a product or service
process entries for competitions and bursaries
seek your views or comments on the services we provide
notify you of changes to our services
send you communications/publications which you have requested and that may be of interest to you, which may include information about new products, services, events, and activities
handle an enquiry or complaint you have made
invite you to attend an event, seminar or conference
ask you to support our work by making a donation or becoming a sponsor or supporter of the RAD, and
to contact you in an emergency situation.
(The above list is representative, not exhaustive).
What is the lawful basis for processing my information?
As a complex, global organisation processing information in many different ways for different reasons across the RAD we have a different legal basis for processing in each situation. An overview of the lawful basis for processing your information in these circumstances is explained in the table below (however, if you want the specifics follow the Find out more links provided):
Your information
Circumstances
Lawful basis
Personal information
relating to enrolling on courses and payment information
CPD
See Departmental Privacy Notices below
Contract
Personal information
– to process an application for a Benesh International programme or module
Benesh International
See Departmental Privacy Notices below
Consent
Personal information
– registration for regular dance school classes, GCSE & A Level enrolment
Dance School, GCSE & A Level & Student Activities
See Departmental Privacy Notices below
Contract
Personal information
– processed in order to fulfil an order or complete a purchase of goods
Enterprises
See Departmental Privacy Notices below
Contract
Personal information
– relating to student entries
Examinations
See Departmental Privacy Notices below
Legitimate interest
Personal information
– relating to the processing of payments and results
Examinations
See Departmental Privacy Notices below
Contract (with teachers)
Processing of personal information
Facilities
See Departmental Privacy Notices below
Contract
Personal information
to process an application, or enrol on a Faculty of Education, programme/module
Faculty of Education (HE)
See Departmental Privacy Notices below
Consent
Personal information
– for delivery of the practical teaching module.(communication between Practical Teaching Supervisor, student and mentor).
Faculty of Education (HE)
See Departmental Privacy Notices below
Contract
Financial Services
See Departmental Privacy Notices below
Processing of personal information to register and pay for events
Fundraising & Events
See Departmental Privacy Notices below
Contract
Processing of personal information
– inviting existing and potential supporters and donors to events or updates on our activities
Fundraising & Events
See Departmental Privacy Notices below
Legitimate interest
Human Resources
See Departmental Privacy Notices below
Processing personal information
– relating to registering and administering library membership and resources
Library & Archive Services
See Departmental Privacy Notices below
Contract
Processing personal information
– to deliver e-communications, publications as requested
Marketing & Communications
Find out more
Consent
To promote related new initiatives, news and events to members and customers already engaged with the RAD
Marketing & Communications
See Departmental Privacy Notices below
Legitimate interest
Personal information
– processing your membership subscription, (including membership benefits)
Membership Services
See Departmental Privacy Notices below
Contract
Sharing your personal information with the public or third parties to fulfil a benefit
Membership Services
Find out more
Consent
Processing your personal information
– creating the UK Pianist Database, which is shared publicly upon request
Music
See Departmental Privacy Notices below
Consent
Processing personal information to enrol schools on to the programme
Step into Dance
See Departmental Privacy Notices below
Contract
NB The collection and processing of personal information relating to health, disability, ethnic and sexual orientation, requires consent as the legal basis for processing.
How long is your information kept?
We review how long we keep personal information on a regular basis. We are legally required to hold some types of information to fulfil our statutory obligations, for example, all financial records are held for 7 years. In other areas of the business we hold your personal information on our systems, only for only as long as is necessary for the relevant activity, or as long as is set out in any relevant contract or agreement you hold with us.
See the <Find out more> links above for retention information relating to specific areas of the business.
Who has access to your information?
We DO NOT sell or rent your information to other organisations.
We DO NOT buy or rent information from other organisations.
We may pass your information to third party service providers, agents, subcontractors or other associated organisations. This is only done when stated and for the purposes of completing tasks and providing goods and services to you on our behalf.
When we do this, we disclose only the personal information that is necessary to deliver the service and we have an agreement in place that requires them to keep your information safe and secure and not to use it for any other purpose.
Please be reassured that we will not release your information to other organisations unless in exceptional cases when we are required to do so by law, for example, by a court order or for the purposes of prevention of fraud or other crime. In all other instances, we would only share your information with another party, if you have given your explicit permission to do so.
Third Party Providers
We make certain personal information available to third parties who provide services to us. We do so on a ‘need to know basis’ and in accordance with applicable data privacy law.
For example, some personal information will be available to third party companies who provide us with:
Pension services, e.g. Aegon (read their Privacy Policy), and Arthur J Gallagher (read their Privacy Policy)
Our HR System, accounting system and HR-related services, e.g. Select HR and Access Dimensions (Read their Privacy Policy), and Our Payroll system Earnie (read their Privacy Policy)
Services in relation to criminal record screening, e.g. Due Diligence Checking Ltd
Services in relation to online training, e.g. Educare (read their Privacy Policy) and InfoSec (read their Privacy Policy)
Auditors, advisors, legal representatives and similar agents in connection with the advisory services they provide to us for legitimate business purposes and under a contractual prohibition of using the personal information for any other purpose.
Recognition and Accreditation
If you apply for a university-validated programme, your personal information will be shared with the validating university and government agencies, such as the Higher Education Statistics Agency, as and when required. Please read HESA’s Privacy Policy.
The RAD is recognised to award qualifications on the Regulated Qualifications Framework (RQF) in England by the Office of Qualifications and Examinations Regulation (Ofqual), in Wales by Qualifications Wales, and in Northern Ireland by the Council for the Curriculum, Examinations and Assessment (CCEA). The RAD is also recognised to award qualifications on the Scottish Credit and Qualifications Framework (SCQF), by SQA Accreditation, a part of the Scottish Qualifications Authority.
The RAD is validated by the Council for Dance, Drama and Musical Theatre (CDMT) as an awarding organisation.
We may be required to submit data which includes personal information to one or more of the named organisations in order to comply with their conditions of recognition, maintain the RAD’s status as a recognised awarding body and for quality assurance purposes.
The RAD also offers GCSE, AS and A Level Dance. In order for students to be entered in for their examination, we are required to share their full name, date of birth, gender and UCI and ULN number with the exam board AQA. This personal is requested by the exam board and no further details are shared. For more information on how your information is used, please see their Privacy Notice.
In addition in order for students to be approved for access arrangements (special requirements in order to sit exam e.g. extra time), we are required to share their full name, date of birth, gender, UCI and ULN number and evidence of SEND requirements with JCQ. For more information on how your information is used, please see their Privacy Notice.
Other Third Party Providers
We use:
Postal Logistics International for the mailing and distribution of RAD publications and membership services to members worldwide. Read their Privacy Policy.
MailChimp, to deliver our e-newsletters. By signing up to our e-newsletter you acknowledge that the information you provide will be transferred to MailChimp for processing in accordance with their Privacy Policy and Terms. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us to monitor and improve our e-newsletters. You will stay subscribed, unless you unsubscribe, which you can do at any time by clicking ‘unsubscribe’ in the footer of each email. However, within any 24 month period, we may ask inactive subscribers to reconfirm consent.
SurveyMonkey® to run surveys and to collect feedback from our members and customers on a variety of topics, services, products and events. Some surveys are anonymous and in those circumstances we collect information about location and which questions were skipped etc. If you choose freely to provide your contact details we will only keep your personal information for a stated duration (communicated at the time of completing the survey) which is likely to be the timeframe within which the review or survey will be completed. Read their Privacy Policy.
Eventbrite for online ticketing and registration for events (including workshops, masterclasses, CPD and a range of free events or activities). The RAD only collects and stores your personal information in order to register and facilitate your attendance at the ‘event’ and to request feedback post-event. We will not use your personal information for marketing and communications purposes unless you have expressly opted in to receive ongoing marketing materials or have sign up for an e-newsletter. Please read Eventbrite’s Privacy Policy.
Text Anywhere to send a text message to you/your nominated emergency contact in the event of an emergency or if we need to tell you important information relating to an event. Please read the Text Anywhere Privacy Policy.
Thomas Higgins Ltd. to support with debt collection. Should a customer incur outstanding fees, the RAD reserves the right to collect any outstanding money owed via Thomas Higgins Ltd. For more information on how your information is used please see their Privacy Statement.
Google Analytics to monitor the traffic on our website and helps us improve its usability by understanding how you use information and how you navigate through it. It collects information anonymously and reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. Read their Privacy Policy.
DanceBiz is used as a database system for all our students’ and customers’ details. We use this software to enroll students in to classes, to monitor class sizes, to organise timetables, print registers, record attendances, send out correspondence to customers and also to generate and send out invoices. We will not use your personal information for marketing and communications purposes. Please read DanceBiz Privacy Policy.
Zoom for online events and meetings (for example; workshops, classes and masterclasses, CPD including Webinars, and a range of free events or activities). The RAD only collects and stores your personal information in order to register and facilitate your attendance at the ‘event’ and to request feedback post-event. We will not use your personal information for marketing and communications purposes unless you have expressly opted in to receive ongoing marketing materials or have signed up for an e-newsletter before the event. We have entered into the relevant Global Data Processing Agreement with Zoom to ensure compliance with GDPR requirements. Please read Zoom’s Privacy Policy.
We also use third party providers Sagepay (read their Privacy Policy and Terms); Global Payments (read their Privacy Statement and Terms); Just Giving (read their Privacy Policy); Charity Choice (read their Privacy Policy) and PayPal (read theirPrivacy Policy) to securely process and store financial information.
We (RAD) DO NOT store your card details on our systems for use in future transactions.
Social Media Platforms
If you engage with the RAD on any of our social media channels you should know that we do not collect your personal information it remains within the platform that we are using and so you should familiarise yourself with their privacy notices and policies: Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, LinkedIn and YouTube. The Royal Academy of Dance may use information you provide to share updates, news and events, in the form of customised online advertising. If you send us a direct message, your information still remains within the platform unless we ask you to provide us with your contact details to continue the conversation offline or privately, and you consent to do that.
Cookies
Many websites uses ‘cookies’ which are small pieces of information sent by an organisation to your computer and stored on your hard drive to allow that website to recognise you when you visit. We do not use cookies on our website, but we do use Google Analytics which monitors the traffic on our website and helps us to improve it by understanding how information is used and navigated. Google Analytics uses its own cookies to track visitor interactions. These are used to store information, such as what time you visited, whether you have been on the site before, and which site referred you to ours. All cookies set by Google Analytics for our website, send data only to our servers and are not shared with any other sites.
Information is collected anonymously and website trends are reported without identifying individuals.
To provide you with more choice on how your data is collected, Google has developed a browser add-on which allows you to opt out of being tracked by their cookies.
When installed, information about your visit will no longer be sent to them.
More information is available at www.royalacademyofdance.org/cookies.
Your choices and individual privacy rights
You have a choice about whether or not you wish to receive information from us. If you give permission to receive communications about the work of the RAD and our products, services and events, you can select your choices by ticking the relevant boxes on the form on which we collect your information.
We will not contact you for marketing purposes by post, email, or text message unless you have given your explicit permission. You can change your preferences, withdraw your consent, object or ask for processing to be restricted at any time by contacting us by email at info@rad.org.uk or tel +44 (0) 207 326 8070 or writing to Data Protection Officer, Royal Academy of Dance, 36 Battersea Square, London, SW11 3RA.
You have the right to ask for a copy of the personal information that the RAD holds about you. Please contact ipoguedp@rad.org.uk or write to  Royal Academy of Dance, 36 Battersea Square, London, SW11 3RA. We will respond to you as soon as possible and usually within one calendar month.
You also have the right to have your information erased, to object and to restrict processing. If you wish to do this please contact ipoguedp@rad.org.uk or write to Royal Academy of Dance, 36 Battersea Square, London, SW11 3RA.
Children
We are particularly concerned to protect the privacy of children. We are confident that our systems and processes are designed to be fair to children, to protect their rights and freedoms, and to be fully in line with their reasonable expectations and those of their parents. We take responsibility for identifying the risks and consequences of processing children’s data. Sometimes we may need to check your age, which might mean we need to contact your parent or guardian.
Security precautions in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of your information
When you give us personal information, we take the necessary steps to ensure that it’s treated securely. The RAD’s website is built in HTTPS. The principal motivation for HTTPS is authentication of the website and protection of the privacy and integrity of the information exchanged while in transit. So you can be assured that any personal information that requires extra security (such as credit or debit card details) is encrypted and protected using industry standard security measures, including the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. While we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, via email for example and you do so at your own risk.
Once we receive your information, we make all reasonable efforts to ensure its security on our systems. We work with third-party developers and system hosts who meet international security standards including anonymisation scripts.
Where we have given (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our websites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
For processing payments
Where you use your credit or debit card to purchase from us or to make a donation, we will ensure that this is carried out securely and in accordance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Find out more about PCI-DSS. We do not store your card details for use in future transactions.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites run by other organisations. This privacy notice applies only to our website‚ so we encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites even if you access them using links from our website.
In addition, if you linked to our website from a third party site, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners and operators of that third party site and recommend that you check the policy of that third party site.
Transferring your information outside of Europe
As part of the services offered to you through this website, the information which you provide to us may be transferred to Royal Academy of Dance offices in countries outside the European Union (EU). These countries may not have similar data protection laws to the UK. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. If we transfer your information outside of the EU in this way, we will take steps to ensure that appropriate security measures are taken with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected as outlined in this Notice.
If you use our services while you are outside the EU, your information may be transferred outside the EU in order to provide you with those services.
Questions and complaints
Any questions regarding this Privacy Notice and our privacy practices should be sent by email to ipoguedp@rad.org.uk or telephone +44 (0)207 326 8000.
If you have a complaint about our privacy practices and the way we have collected, used, retained or disposed of your information please contact ipoguedp@rad.org.uk or telephone +44 (0) 207326 8000. Alternatively, you can contact the Information Commissioner’s Office to report a concern by calling their helpline on 0303 123 1113 (in the UK). Alternatively, you can contact the equivalent national privacy authority in your country, if outside the UK.
Privacy Notice review
We review this notice annually or as and when changes in legislation or internal procedures require it. This notice is reviewed by the Information Management Committee, Executive Board and Board of Trustees.
Departmental Privacy Notices
For each area of the RAD’s business we have outlined specifically how we collect, use, store your information and how long we keep it.
Benesh International
Continuing Professional Development (CPD)
Dance School Registrations
Examinations
Facilities
Faculty of Education
Financial Services
Fundraising & Events
GCSE & A Level
Human Resources
Library & Archive Services
Marketing & Communications
Membership Services
Pianist Database
Silver Swans Pre-verification
Step into Dance Programme
Student Activities
Share this page
Share this page on Facebook
Share this page on Twitter
Share this page via email
Share this page on linkedin
Share this page using Whatsapp
Last updated December 8, 2020
How would you like to hear from us?
The Royal Academy of Dance will use the information you provide on this form to be in touch with you and to provide updates, news and events. Please let us know all the ways you would like to hear from us:
Email
Customised online advertising
Privacy & Cookies
Website by After Digital
Royal Academy of Dance® is a registered charity in England and Wales No. 312826. VAT reg No. GB 603 176371
©
2020
Royal Academy of Dance
Your choice regarding cookies on this site
We use cookies to optimise site functionality and give you the best possible experience.
Cookie Preferences
Accept
This site uses cookies
Some of these cookies are essential, while others help us to improve your experience by providing insights into how the site is being used.
For more detailed information on the cookies we use, please check our Privacy Policy
Accept Recommended
Necessary Cookies
Necessary cookies enable core functionality. The website cannot function properly without these cookies, and can only be disabled by changing your browser preferences.