https://www.thebelles.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | The Belles of Three Spires
The Belles of Three Spires
+44(0)779 2963730
info@thebelles.org.uk
Facebook
Facebook
Home
Intro
History
News
Inspired Harmony with Grand Central Chorus
Pearl Ball
New Year, New Home
Christmas Cracker
Convention 2018
The Belles Premier
Auction of Promises
Gallery
Contact
Map
Select Page
Privacy Policy
BACKGROUND:
The Belles of Three Spires understand that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your personal data is used and shared online. We respect and value the privacy of everyone who visits this website, https://www.thebelles.org.uk (“Our Site”) and will only collect and use personal data in ways that are described here, and in a manner that is consistent with Our obligations and your rights under the law.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it. Your acceptance of Our Privacy Policy is deemed to occur upon your first use of Our Site. If you do not accept and agree with this Privacy Policy, you must stop using Our Site immediately.
Definitions and Interpretation
In this Policy, the following terms shall have the following meanings:
“Cookie”
means a small text file placed on your computer or device by Our Site when you visit certain parts of Our Site and/or when you use certain features of Our Site. Details of the Cookies used by Our Site are set out in section 13, below;
“Cookie Law”
means the relevant parts of the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003;
“personal data”
means any and all data that relates to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified from that data. In this case, it means personal data that you give to Us via Our Site. This definition shall, where applicable, incorporate the definitions provided in the Data Protection Act 2018 OR EU Regulation 2016/679 – the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”); and
“We/Us/Our”
means The Belles of Three Spires, a barbershop group based in the United Kingdom, whose address is Willenhall Social Club, Robin Hood Rd., Coventry, UK, CV3 3BB.
Information About Us
Our Site is owned and operated by The Belles of Three Spires, a barbershop group
based in the United Kingdom, whose address is Willenhall Social Club, Robin Hood
Rd., Coventry, UK, CV3 3BB.
What Does This Policy Cover?
This Privacy Policy applies only to your use of Our Site. Our Site may contain links to other websites. Please note that We have no control over how your data is collected, stored, or used by other websites and We advise you to check the privacy policies of any such websites before providing any data to them.
Your Rights
As a data subject, you have the following rights under the GDPR, which this Policy and Our use of personal data have been designed to uphold:
The right to be informed about Our collection and use of personal data;
The right of access to the personal data We hold about you (see section 12);
The right to rectification if any personal data We hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete (please contact Us using the details in section 14);
The right to be forgotten – i.e. the right to ask Us to delete any personal data We hold about you (We hold your personal data for statistical and reference purposes, as explained in section 6 but if you would like Us to delete it, please contact Us using the details in section 14);
The right to restrict (i.e. prevent) the processing of your personal data;
The right to data portability (obtaining a copy of your personal data to re-use with another service or organisation);
The right to object to Us using your personal data for particular purposes; and
Rights with respect to automated decision making and profiling.
If you have any cause for complaint about Our use of your personal data, please contact Us using the details provided in section 14 and We will do Our best to solve the problem for you. If We are unable to help, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the UK’s supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office.
For further information about your rights, please contact the Information Commissioner’s Office or your local Citizens Advice Bureau.
What Data Do We Collect?
Depending upon your use of Our Site, We may collect some or all of the following personal and non-personal data (please also see section 13 on Our use of Cookies and similar technologies and Our Cookie Policy  https://www.thebelles.org.uk/cookie-policy
name;
gender;
business/company name
job title;
profession;
contact information such as email addresses and telephone numbers;
demographic information such as post code, preferences, and interests;
IP address;
web browser type and version;
operating system;
a list of URLs starting with a referring site, your activity on Our Site, and the site you exit to;
How Do We Use Your Data?
All personal data is processed and stored securely, for no longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected. We will comply with Our obligations and safeguard your rights under the Data Protection Act 2018 OR GDPR at all times. For more details on security see section 7, below.
Our use of your personal data will always have a lawful basis, either because it is necessary for Our performance of a contract with you, because you have consented to Our use of your personal data (e.g. by subscribing to emails), or because it is in Our legitimate interests. Specifically, We may use your data for the following purposes:
Providing and managing your access to Our Site;
Personalising and tailoring your experience on Our Site;
Supplying Our product AND/OR services to you (please note that We require your personal data in order to enter into a contract with you);
Personalising and tailoring Our products AND/OR services for you;
Replying to emails from you;
Market research;
Analysing your use of Our Site and gathering feedback to enable Us to continually improve Our Site and your user experience;
With your permission and/or where permitted by law, We may also use your data for marketing purposes which may include contacting you by email AND/OR telephone AND/OR text message AND/OR post with information, news and offers on Our products AND/OR
We will not, however, send you any unsolicited marketing or spam and will take all reasonable steps to ensure that We fully protect your rights and comply with Our obligations under the Data Protection Act 20181988 OR GDPR and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003.
Third parties (including YouTube, Google Maps & Google Analytics) whose content AND/OR links appear on Our Site may use third party Cookies, as detailed below in section 13. Please refer to section 13 for more information on controlling Cookies. Please note that We do not control the activities of such third parties, nor the data they collect and use and advise you to check the privacy policies of any such third parties.
You have the right to withdraw your consent to Us using your personal data at any time, and to request that We delete it.
We do not keep your personal data for any longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected. Data will therefore be retained for the following periods (or its retention will be determined on the following bases):
Contact form submission will be filed within our email system indefinitely. This is simply for reference purposes;
How and Where Do We Store Your Data?
We only keep your personal data for as long as We need to in order to use it as described above in section 6, and/or for as long as We have your permission to keep it.
Your data may be stored on our servers in the USA and may also be stored within the European Economic Area (“the EEA”), on our computer systems based at our office in the Republic of Ireland. Our secure servers are located at the CenturyLink Technology Solutions data centre in Boston, USA (formerly Savvis).
Data security is very important to Us, and to protect your data We have taken suitable measures to safeguard and secure data collected through Our Site.
Steps We take to secure and protect your data include:
SSL access to Our website. Our servers include 24/7 secured access with motion sensors, video surveillance and security breach alarms. We also use high quality virus software at our office, to ensure early detection of any virus issues & our office is fully alarmed.
Do We Share Your Data?
Subject to section 8.2, We will not share any of your data with any third parties for any purposes.
In certain circumstances, We may be legally required to share certain data held by Us, which may include your personal data, for example, where We are involved in legal proceedings, where We are complying with legal obligations, a court order, or a governmental authority.
What Happens If Our Business Changes Hands?
We may, from time to time, expand or reduce Our business and this may involve the sale and/or the transfer of control of all or part of Our business. Any personal data that you have provided will, where it is relevant to any part of Our business that is being transferred, be transferred along with that part and the new owner or newly controlling party will, under the terms of this Privacy Policy, be permitted to use that data only for the same purposes for which it was originally collected by Us.
In the event that any of your data is to be transferred in such a manner, you will be contacted in advance and informed of the changes. When contacted you will be given the choice to have your data deleted or withheld from the new owner or controller.
How Can You Control Your Data?
In addition to your rights under the GDPR, set out in section 4, when OR When you submit personal data via Our Site, you may be given options to restrict Our use of your data. In particular, We aim to give you strong controls on Our use of your data for direct marketing purposes (including the ability to opt-out of receiving emails from Us at the point of providing your details.
Your Right to Withhold Information
You may access Our Site without providing any data at all. However, to use all features and functions available on Our Site you may be required to submit or allow for the collection of certain data.
You may restrict Our use of Cookies. For more information, see section 13 and Our Cookie Policy https://www.thebelles.org.uk/cookie-policy
How Can You Access Your Data?
You have the right to ask for a copy of any of your personal data held by Us (where such data is held). Under the Data Protection Act 2018, no fee is payable, and We will provide any and all information in response to your request free of charge. Please contact Us for more details at info@thebelles.org.uk or by using the contact details below in section 14.
Our Use of Cookies
Our Site may place and access certain first party Cookies on your computer or device. First party Cookies are those placed directly by Us and are used only by Us. We use Cookies to facilitate and improve your experience of Our Site and to provide and improve Our products AND/OR
We have carefully chosen these Cookies and have taken steps to ensure that your privacy and personal data is protected and respected at all times.
By using Our Site, you may also receive certain third-party Cookies on your computer or device. Third party Cookies are those placed by websites, services, and/or parties other than Us. Third Party Cookies are used on Our Site for payment processing, marketing and statistical information. For more details, please refer to section 6, above, and to section 13.6 below. These Cookies are not integral to the functioning of Our Site and your use and experience of Our Site will not be impaired by refusing consent to them.
All Cookies used by and on Our Site are used in accordance with current Cookie Law.
Before Cookies are placed on your computer or device, you will be shown a pop-up requesting your consent to set those Cookies. By giving your consent to the placing of Cookies you are enabling Us to provide the best possible experience and service to you. You may, if you wish, deny consent to the placing of Cookies; however certain features of Our Site may not function fully or as intended.
Certain features of Our Site depend on Cookies to function. Cookie Law deems these Cookies to be “strictly necessary”. These Cookies are shown below in section 13.6. Your consent will not be sought to place these Cookies, but it is still important that you are aware of them. You may still block these Cookies by changing your internet browser’s settings as detailed below in section 13.10, but please be aware that Our Site may not work properly if you do so. We have taken great care to ensure that your privacy is not at risk by allowing them.
The following first party Cookies may be placed on your computer or device:
Name of Cookie
Purpose
Strictly Necessary
Expiry
_ga
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
no
2 years
_gat
Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate.
no
Session
_gid
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
no
Session
and the following third-party Cookies may be placed on your computer or device:
Name of Cookie
Provider
Purpose
Necessary
Expiry
collect
google-analytics.com
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor’s device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
no
Session
Our Site uses analytics services provided by Google Analytics Website analytics refers to a set of tools used to collect and analyse anonymous usage information, enabling Us to better understand how Our Site is used. This, in turn, enables Us to improve Our Site and the products AND/OR services offered through it. You do not have to allow Us to use these Cookies, however whilst Our use of them does not pose any risk to your privacy or your safe use of Our Site, it does enable Us to continually improve Our Site, making it a better and more useful experience for you.
The analytics service(s) used by Our Site use(s) Cookies to gather the required information. Please view their Cookie Usage Information here https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage
In addition to the controls that We provide, you can choose to enable or disable Cookies in your internet browser. Most internet browsers also enable you to choose whether you wish to disable all cookies or only third-party Cookies. By default, most internet browsers accept Cookies but this can be changed. For further details, please consult the help menu in your internet browser or the documentation that came with your device.
You can choose to delete Cookies on your computer or device at any time, however you may lose any information that enables you to access Our Site more quickly and efficiently including, but not limited to, login and personalisation settings.
It is recommended that you keep your internet browser and operating system up-to-date and that you consult the help and guidance provided by the developer of your internet browser and manufacturer of your computer or device if you are unsure about adjusting your privacy settings.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about Our Site or this Privacy Policy, please contact Us by email at info@thebelles.org.uk by telephone on +44 779 2963 730, or by post at Willenhall Social Club, Robin Hood Road, Coventry, CV3 3BB UK. Please ensure that your query is clear, particularly if it is a request for information about the data We hold about you (as under section 12, above).
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time (for example, if the law changes). Any changes will be immediately posted on Our Site and you will be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Privacy Policy on your first use of Our Site following the alterations. We recommend that you check this page regularly to keep up-to-date.
LABBS Convention 2019:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8GtS9cM3ZKg
Latest News:
Belles talents for good during lockdown
LABBS Convention October 2019
Pearl celebrations continue…
Policies:
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Facebook
© The Belles of Three Spires 2019 | design by NOMAD | powered by WordPress
By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy.
Privacy Preferences
I Agree
Privacy Preference Center
Options
Consent Management
Cookie Settings
StatisticsAnalytics
Privacy Policy
Consent Management
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience.
Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Privacy Policy
Required
In order to continue using this site, you must agree to the use of your data, set out in this Privacy Policy. Please click on the 'More Information' link below to be brought directly to our Privacy Policy.
Statistics
_ga & _gid registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. _gat is used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate.
Cookies Used
ON
OFF
_ga, _gat, _gid,
Analytics
collect, is used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
Cookies Used
ON
OFF
collect
google-analytics.com
Opt Out
collect, is used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Please see below for Google's Opt-out link.
OK