https://www.pembrokeshirecoast.wales/planning/planning-policy/local-development-plan-2/sustainability-appraisal-scoping-report/
Jump to Main content
Highlight Links
High contrast Mode
Readable Fonts
Greyscale Mode
Invert Mode
XClose this tab
Search for:
Search
The Sustainability Appraisal Scoping Report sets out the sustainability appraisal issues and objectives/criteria against which the Replacement Local Development Plan strategic, policy and proposals will be assessed.
Behind this is a review of the plans, programmes and policies relevant to the development of the Replacement Local Development Plan along with the environmental, social and economic evidence base for the appraisal.
Under The Environmental Assessment of Plans and Programmes (Wales) Regulations 2004 the Authority is required to consult the consultation bodies on the scope of the sustainability appraisal for a period of five weeks, these are Natural Resources Wales and Cadw.  However, the Authority provided the opportunity for wider comment from the public and other interest groups for a period of eight weeks. The final Scoping Report was approved by the National Park Authority in June 2016. The Scoping Report and Appendices can be downloaded from the links below.
Sustainability Appraisal Scoping Report
Appendix A: Review of Relevant Plans, Policies and Programmes
Appendix B: Baseline Information
Report of Consultations on the Scoping Report.
For further information, please contact the Park Direction Service at Pembrokeshire Coast National Park Authority, Llanion Park, Pembroke Dock, Pembrokeshire. SA72 6DY. Tel 01646 624800 or email devplans@pembrokeshirecoast.org.uk.
More on Local Development Plan 2
Supplementary Planning Guidance (LDP2)
Read more
Preparation Stages
These are the stages in preparing a replacement Local Development Plan.
Read more
LDP Review Report
The Review Report sets out where changes are required, what needs to change and why, based on evidence.
Read more
Delivery Agreement
The Delivery Agreement is a public statement that contains a Timetable for preparing a Revision of a Local Development Plan setting out how and when s...
Read more
Community Council Workshops
Community and Town Councils can provide a central source of information for their local communities, help to raise awareness of the LDP process and ar...
Read more
Background papers
These Background Papers will be updated and added to throughout the preparation of the Plan.
Read more
Appraisal Processes
Environmental, Social and Economic Appraisals for Local Development Plan 2
Read more
Get In Touch
Contact us and register your details to get the latest updates on what's happening in the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park.
Contact Us
Cookie Policy
To help us make this website better, the cookie settings are set to ‘allow all cookies’. If you continue without changing these settings, you consent to this – for more information and to change this at any time, see our cookie policy and privacy policy.
I understand
View Basket
Checkout
Continue Shopping