https://www.photocompetitions.com/terms/
Advertise
List a Competition
Cart
0 Items
Terms of Service
By using Photo Competitions (www.photocompetitions.com) or any services provided in connection with Photo Competitions you agree to these Terms of Service.
Photo Competitions respects your privacy. Please see the Photo Competitions privacy policy for more information.
You must be over the age of 16 in order to create an account or use Photo Competitions’ services.
If you are under the age of 16 and you would like to use Photo Competitions’ services then we will first have to obtain permission from a parent or legal guardian.
You may not redistribute or reproduce any of the content, including, but not limited to, text, logos, images and trademarks, on this website.
If you post content on the Photo Competitions website or social media pages, you give Photo Competitions permission to use this content in connection with the operation of Photo Competitions. This may include a right to copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, reproduce, edit, translate and reformat any user content generated on Photo Competitions or its social media pages. You will not be compensated for any content you post on this website that is used by Photo Competitions. You also agree that Photo Competitions may publish your content with your name.
You agree not to distribute any content to the Photo Competitions website that is: obscene, pornographic, abusive, threatening, or illegal (in any local, national or foreign law). Photo Competitions reserves the right to terminate your use of all the services and website relating to Photo Competitions, without liability to you, and can delete any material you have posted. Photo Competitions will cooperate fully with any law enforcement agency in the investigation of any violation of these Terms of Service.
You agree that Photo Competitions or any of its representatives can access your account and history in order to investigate complaints to do with the infringement of these Terms of Service. Photo Competitions will only disclose this information if required to by law.
In using Photo Competitions and its website and services, you will assume all the risk and any damage or loss from use of it (including loss of profits and loss of data). Photo Competitions does not guarantee that its website and services will meet your requirements or that it will be error-free.
Photo Competitions reserves the right to change, modify or discontinue any of its services and information.
You are solely responsible for ensuring that you have sufficient and compatible hardware, software, telecommunications equipment and Internet service necessary for use of our website and any services.
Photo Competitions’ fees and costs are subject to change at any time.
Refunds are issued at the sole discretion of Photo Competitions.
Photo Competitions has no control over, and no liability, for any third-party website or services used in connection to Photo Competitions. Photo Comptitions works with partners and affiliates who may be connected to its website and services. Photo Competitions will not be responsible for the accuracy, content, quality, or any unlawful content that may appear on those sites.
You are prohibited from violating any security features of the Photo Competitions website and services, including accessing content, data, or logging into an account or server that you are not authorised to access.
Photo Competitions makes no warranties for the accuracy of competition information submitted to, or listed on, the website or in email communications.
Photo Competitions is not responsible and makes no warranties for the validity and integrity of third party contests listed on this site or in email communications. It is the responsibility of individual users to conduct their own due diligence when entering such contests.
Photo Competitions can not, under any circumstances, be held liable for entrants missing contest deadlines.
All contents of the Photo Competitions website and services are Copyright, 14 The Broadway, Penn Road, Beaconsfield, Buckinghamshire, HP9 2PD, UK. All rights reserved.
Photo Competitions reserves the right to amend these Terms of Service at any time and without warning or notification. Please check these Terms of Service on a regular basis in order to stay up-to-date with its changes.
Pin It on Pinterest