http://www.TopHitsOnline.com/privacypolicy.htm
TopHitsOnline.com Privacy
Policy
Effective September 2004
Last updated June 2010
Privacy Notice Table Of Contents:
Our Commitment To
Privacy
The Information We Collect
How We Use Information
Our Commitment To Data Security
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy
How To Contact Us
Our Commitment To
Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To
better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online
information practices and the choices you can make about the way your
information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it
available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable
information may be requested.
The
Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the
TopHitsOnline website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and
register to receive emails or materials. The types of personal information
collected at these pages may include:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit/Debit Card Information
On some pages where Google Adwords ads are displayed, Doubleclick's DART cookie
will be used to serve you the most appropriate ads based on ads you visit on the
Internet.  To opt out of the use of the DART cookie, visit the
Google ad and content network
privacy policy.
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit networkadvertising.org.
How
We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to
complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties
except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone
else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We
do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent
necessary to complete that order.
We offer gift-cards by which you can personalize a product you order for another
person. Information you provide to us to create a gift-card is only used for
that purpose, and it is only disclosed to the person receiving the gift.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are
not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information
to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may
tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our
website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our
registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to
identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally
identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones
described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or
otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our
Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct
use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and
managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our
Commitment To Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that
reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we
actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract
anyone under 13.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please
contact us here.