http://www.italiaguitars.com/terms-conditions/
The Beach Boys GuitaristJF6The Foskett SeriesJF6 Signature ModelThree Pickups.No Switches.Silky Smooth Tone for Days.I gotta have it!Carol Navarro
Brazil's Top Rockin' Bassist
Read more about CarolGet the Imola GP Bass!The Beach Boys GuitaristJF12 & JF6!The Foskett Series.Now there are two. The JF12 Signature 12 stringand the All New JF6.You will be blown away.Take one ... or bothAmazing Sound Lightweight comfort...CAVOCheck it outSometimes the grass
really is greener.ModenaCheck it
Retro RedefinedItalia has been rockin’ the retro scene 1999 with cool retro styling from yesteryear, and the performance of a modern day masterpiece. When you play your Italia, your’re making a statement that your’re unique, have impeccable taste, and refuse to compromise on tone.
In an era where two top companies have dominated for so long, and design has become stagnant, Italia offers a better option. Something thats cool, unique, and most importantly something that allows you to be you. Express yourself as the unique individual that you are. Lead, dont follow. You’re carving your own path, with your own sound, your own style…you’re not just someone playing what everyone else is playing.
Now lets get to work.Whats New
Italia is excited to announce three brand new models, and three amazing product revisions. The new JF-‘Q’, the newest in the Jeffrey Foskett Signature model series, the Maranello Intero, and the brand new series Europa. The product revisions include the Maranello ’61 mkII, the Maranello Classic mkII, and the new Gold Sparkle Sitar. All of these models were kicked off at NAMM 2018 in Anaheim,CA, and were met with loads of love by many of the guitar players, dealers and artists in attendance.
Italia News
Jeffrey Foskett from the Beach Boys follow-up masterpiece..the JF6Italia Guitars and Jeffrey Foskett teamed up to create the second masterpiece in the lineup. The JF6 is super-clean…no pick guard…no selector switch. But don’t let that fool you. This guitar is PACKED with tone. Three Italia IPM mini humbuckers, controlled by Master Volume, a Master Tone, Center Pickup Volume (which is a push/pull allowing […]
Bassist Carol Navarro of Brazil’s hottest rock band Supercombo joins the Italia FamilyWhen we came across a few photos and videos of Carol Navarro playing a Maranello bass, we were all completely blown away. Carol is an amazing player, has incredible stage presence, and happens to be part of the hottest band in Brazil; Supercombo! We pulled out all the stops in trying to chase her down to discuss an endorsement. Carol […]
Jeffrey Foskett from the Beach Boys joins the Italia lineupItalia Guitars is very happy to announce the addition of Jeffrey Foskett to the Italia family. Jeff’s career spans over 40 years, and has been touring the globe with the Beach Boys for decades. His voice can be heard hitting those high harmonies and familiar guitar licks that we all know and love. Jeff has recorded […]
Copyright © 2020 Italia Guitars TM - Terms and Conditions - FM Development
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Scroll