http://www.contrabass.com/pages/privacy.html
Contrabass.com Privacy Policy
For questions, email me
CONTRABASS.COM is a not-for-profit
site.
CONTRABASS.COM collects certain
information automatically, for purposes of statistics.  This
information is collected by my ISP, Securewebs.com,
which, as far as I know, does not use the information for any purpose
other than to generate statistics regarding usage for my personal
information.  As far as I know, email addressess are not collected
automatically.  This information is used only for purposes of
determining how much traffic the site generates, and not for any
commercial purpose.  I examine only the aggregate data, for
example, how many times a particular page was accessed, and not which
individuals or accounts accessed the page.
The CONTRABASS.COM website includes links
to other websites that are not under my control.  I make no
warranty or guarantee regarding the privacy policies of those other
websites (and in many cases, have not examined their privacy policies
to begin with).  I believe that some links (for example, to Tower
Records, CDNow, etc.) keep track
of the referring link (i.e., they will know that you arrived at their
site from a link at my site).
CONTRABASS.COM includes the contrabass email list.
To subscribe to the list you must provide a valid email address:
however, no other information is required (other than an election
between "immediate" and "digest" formats).  The subscription
address is maintained in the system for purposes of sending out the
email list to subscribers, and for that purpose ONLY.  The
subscriber list is never provided, disclosed, sold, or shared with
other parties.  If you participate in the list by submitting
messages, those messages will usually be forwarded to all other
contrabass list subscribers, and posted publicly in the list
archives.  I will usually remove all or part of the email
address before archiving, but this is not guaranteed.  Some
messages are rejected by the mailing list software as spam: if you
think your message has been rejected for this reason, please contact me
directly at
.  If you wish to contact a subscriber whose address has been
elided from the archives, you may contact me, and I will generally
attempt to forward your message (again, not guaranteed).
CONTRABASS.COM also includes the
"sarrusophone for sale" list, which is an announcement-only list for
people who have written expressing an interest in acquiring a
sarrusophone.  In this case, the only information collected
and/or stored is the email address of the interested party.  No
digests or archives are maintained at this time.
If you have any questions regarding
CONTRABASS.COM and its privacy policies, please feel free to contact me
at gdgreen or
.
Enjoy!
Contrabass.com
Home
Compendium
The List
Archives