http://www.internationalceramicsfestival.org/privacy/
Home
About
News
Sponsors
Event Programme
Archive
— Main Menu —Home
About
News
Sponsors
Event Programme
Archive
Privacy StatementIn May 2018, the European Union’s new data privacy law called the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) comes in to effect. This will be the most comprehensive data privacy law in the world, protecting you from any unwanted correspondence. We use our mailing list to send you details about the International Ceramics Festival including: Festival programme information (demonstrators, exhibitions, lecturers etc.) competitions, opportunities, news, events, information about the ICF organisation and the Festival, including information from Trade Stands and Sponsors relating to offers or activities during the Festival. To ensure that we comply with the new GDPR regulations, we ask you to confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and would like to continue to receive information from us by clicking on the link below.
Email*
DATA PROTECTION
PRIVACY STATEMENT/DATGANIAD PREIFATRWYDD
International Ceramics Festival (ICF) Privacy Policy (V1 May 2018)
This Privacy Statement describes the ways in which your personal data is collected and used by the International Ceramics Festival. It is your responsibility to review and understand this Privacy Statement prior to providing your personal data to us. You must also review our Terms and Conditions. If you do not accept and agree to the Privacy Statement and/or Terms and Conditions, you should not provide your personal data to us and will not be able to use our products or services.
Our Privacy Statement and Terms and Conditions may also change from time to time. Whenever there are changes, the modified policies will be posted on our website and will be effective at that time. Each time they change, the version number displayed at the top of the page will also change. Consequently, each time you access or use our services or otherwise engage with us, you accept and agree to the most current Privacy Statement and set of Terms and Conditions. It is your responsibility to be aware of any such changes.
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit the ICF website http://www.internationalceramicsfestival.org/ or when you provide us with any personal information. For example: when entering any ICF competition, making a purchase from the exhibitions during the International Ceramics Festival, joining the Friends of the ICF, taking part in the Cup Sale etc. This also applies to contractors including Trade Stands, volunteers and staff, guests and demonstrators at the ICF.
N.B. Please refer to Aberystwyth Arts Centre’s Privacy Policy for information about how personal information is used when you are purchasing a ticket to the ICF through Aberystwyth Arts Centre and also the Conference Office’s Terms and Conditions if you are booking accommodation through Aberystwyth University.
Collection of Personal Data
In order to provide our products and services, we collect and process personal data from our demonstrators and guests, customers, staff and volunteers. We may collect information (“Personal Data”) from you such as, but not limited to, your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, date of birth, gender, payment information, employment information. You are not required to provide us with all of the Personal Data listed above, but if you do not do so, we may not be able to effectively provide you with our products, services and information. In certain circumstances, you will need to provide us with specific categories of Personal Data (including name, email address and payment information) in order to enter into a contract with us and for us to perform that contract.
www.internationalceramicsfestival.org (known as the “Site”).
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site.
We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.” We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
– “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org
– “Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
When we talk about “Personal Data” in this Privacy Policy, we are including Device Information.
The ICF complies with the Data Protection Act 1998 and, after May 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). See “Use of Information” section below for further details regarding the ways that we use and process your personal data.
Use of Information
Your Personal Data may be used in the following ways:
• To provide our products and services to you
• To enhance and improve our products and services, for example, by performing internal research
• To process payments from you
• To process payments to you (including, but not limited to, refunds or reimbursements)
• Internal purposes, such as website and system administration or internal audits and reviews
• To communicate with you regarding products/services that may be of interest to you
• To respond to your requests and enquiries
• To provide relevant advertisements to you when you visit our sites or other third-party sites (including social media platforms)
• To request your participation in optional surveys, focus groups, or other initiatives which help us to gather information used to develop and enhance our products and services
We will process your Personal Data for the purposes identified above on the following bases:
1. Where processing is necessary for the performance of our contract to provide our products, services and information to you, or to take steps before entering into that contract (GDPR, Art.6 (1)(b)).
2. Where processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the University in terms of the provision and enhancements of our products, services and information (GDPR, Art.6 (1)(f)) and
3. As necessary to comply with the legal obligations to which the ICF is subject, to resolve disputes and enforce contractual agreements (GDPR, Art.6 (1)(c)).
It should be noted that, currently, none of this data is subject to automated decision-making processes, and none is transferred outside the EU for processing or for any other purposes.
We will retain your information for as long as your booking/event/contract/service is active, as well as for a short additional period afterwards to cover any outstanding issues or queries that may arise in relation to your account (for example, outstanding payments). This period of retention is subject to our review and alteration.
Sharing and Disclosure to Third Parties
We may disclose your Personal Data to third parties under the following circumstances:
1. You request or authorize the disclosure of your personal details to a third party.
2. The information is disclosed as permitted by applicable law(s) and/or in order to comply with applicable law(s) (for example, to comply with a search warrant, subpoena or court order).
3. The information is provided to our agents, vendors or service providers who perform functions on our behalf. See below for additional details.
The identity and categories of such third parties may change during the term of your engagement with us.
It is anticipated that your Personal Data will be disclosed to the following categories of third-party service providers who perform functions on our behalf. We require that our third-party service providers only use your Personal Data as necessary to provide the requested services to us and each service provider is subject to a set of terms consistent with this Privacy Policy.
• Hosting providers for the secure storage and transmission of your data
• Identity management providers for authentication purposes
• Database software providers for the management and tracking of your data
• Legal and compliance consultants, such as external counsel, external auditors, or tax consultants
• Marketing providers who send communications on our behalf regarding our products and services
• Payment solution providers for the secure processing of payments you provide to us
• Fulfilment and postal vendors for the fulfilment of our products and services
Communication Preferences
We strive to provide you with relevant and useful information related to our products and services and you can contact us using the information listed at the bottom of this statement to make any changes to your communication preferences. We will only communicate with you electronically if it directly relates to services or products, which we are supplying or intend to supply to you, or if you have positively consented to us sending you marketing information. Any promotional emails that we send will include a link at the bottom of the email to unsubscribe.
Subject Access/User Rights
As a user, under the GDPR, you are provided with the following rights:
• The right to be informed of the use of your Personal Data
• The right to access your Personal Data
• The right to have Personal Data corrected/rectified
• The right to have Personal Data erased
• The right to restrict processing of your Personal Data
• The right to data portability
• The right to object to processing
• Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling
Further details can be found here: https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/
Depending on the circumstances, you may seek to exercise any of these rights by updating your information, or by sending a written request to the International Ceramics Festival using the contact details listed below:
Email: aafstaff@aber.ac.uk
Tel: (+44) 07531146638
International Ceramics Festival
Aberystwyth Arts Centre
Penglais, Aberystwyth,
Ceredigion, Wales (UK)
SY23 3DE
Latest tweetsUn i gadw llygad ar: Ross Andrews - un o'r myfyrwyr a arddangosodd yn ICF 2019... https://t.co/8WzPo8qQAT3days agoOne to watch: Ross Andrews, ICF Student Demonstrator in 2019... https://t.co/IC2JKHNol73days agoICF 2019Visiting Information
Demonstrators, Kiln Firers, Lectures
Tickets and Accommodation
Trade Stands and Advertising
Opportunities for Students and Potters
Festival Assistant Information
About ICF The ICF is Europe’s premier ceramics festival which is held at Aberystwyth Arts Centre on the campus of Aberystwyth University on the mid-Wales coast. Since it began in 1987, the three-day festival has grown to become the UK’s leading ceramics event. Learn more...
Contact Have a question, make a comment, or just
say hello!
Privacy StatementLinks useful links
Festival Sponsors
Copyright © 2018 International Ceramics Festival, All Rights Reserved.