http://www.cim.edu/privacy_policy
Skip to main content
Close
Main navigation
About
Admissions & Aid
Areas of Study
Student Life
Prep & Continuing Education
Header Utility
Apply
Visit
Give
Header Search
Concerts
Alumni
Directory
Search
Log In
Returning to Campus
Find CIM’s plan for fall 2020, learn about the safety measures in place and access resources at cim.edu/return-to-campus.
Privacy Statement
Please read these "Terms and Conditions" (Terms) carefully before accessing or participating resources available at CIM.edu or other Cleveland Institute of Music (CIM) online services and sites (Site or Sites).
You agree to use Sites in accordance with all applicable laws and CIM's Acceptable Use of Computing and Information Technology Resources policy.
Although every effort is made to secure network communications, CIM cannot ensure the privacy of online communications. Individuals using online services should take steps to protect personal information, such as closing the web browser when finished using the site from a public computer. Failure to do so may result in personal information being viewed by someone else using the same computer.
CIM accepts credit card payments online for a variety of goods and services. Unless otherwise noted on the site, all Institutional credit card transactions are protected using industry standards for privacy and security. Sensitive information entered to complete a transaction will not be used by CIM for any other purpose unless the purpose is described on the site. If you are under 18, you may purchase products or services only through a parent or guardian. You agree that billing and registration information that you provide on the Sites will be accurate and complete.
CIM owns all Institute-purchased computers, network infrastructure and software assets, including e-mail, Internet access, data, documents, software residing on its systems, etc. In order to protect information resources and the rights and privileges of CIM faculty, staff and students, CIM reserves the right to monitor these systems to insure that they are not used in a way that damages CIM, its students or employees. Although CIM does not monitor all the content of the Sites, CIM has the right to remove material from the Sites, block access, or take other action with respect to the material in its sole discretion, although CIM is under no obligation to do so.
CIM has the right to obtain and search all computer/IT resources located on campus and/or connected to the CIM network infrastructure if there is a reasonable suspicion that those resources are being used in violation of university policy. This includes personally owned or grant purchased computer/IT resources.
These sites and any information, products or services therein are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for use of a particular purpose, or noninfringement.
CIM makes no representation regarding your ability to transmit and receive information from or through the Sites and you agree and acknowledge that your ability to access the Sites may be impaired. CIM disclaims any and all liability resulting from or related to such events.
You agree to indemnify and hold CIM harmless from any claims, losses or damages, including legal fees, resulting from your violation of these terms, your use of a Site or your placement of any content onto a Site, and to fully cooperate in CIM's defense against any such claims.
CIM reserves the right to modify these terms at any time and will publish notice of any such modifications on-line at this site or elsewhere on-line.
By using and participating in these sites, you signify that you have read these Terms and agree to be bound by and comply with them. If you do not agree to be bound by these Terms, please promptly exit all sites.
Top