https://www.tangotana.com/privacy-policy/
Facebook
0 Items
Privacy Policy
We collect both Personally Identifiable information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information.
We collect Personally Identifiable Information (name, email, phone number, mailing address) as well as info related to the products associated with such Personally Identifiable Information. None of the information we collect is shared with third parties other than what’s necessary to process your orders.
We also collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information, which includes browser, domain name, IP address, and cookies. This anonymous information is used to identify possible navigation patterns (URLs visited) with the purpose of improving your experience as a visitor. The Non-Personally Identifiable Information is not combined with Personally Identifiable Information.
If your preference is to not allowing cookies, you may change the cookies’ settings in your Internet browser. This may disturb your navigation (for technical reasons errors may occur.)
As we stated above with regards to the Personally Identifiable Information, we do not sell, trade, or rent your email or contact information with third parties. And we are considerate of the privacy of any information we collect in our site. We may disclose information when we believe it’s necessary to stop activities that may be intentionally or unintentionally injuring or interfering with our rights or property, or with the rights or property of other visitors/users of our Site. We may disclose user information when we believe in good faith that the law requires the disclosure.
If you have questions, comments, requests, or concerns related to this Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us via email at info@tangotana.com or phone at 512-200-4514.
YOUR CONSENT
Whenever you use this Site, you do it in agreement with our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to any of its provisions, please do not use our Site.
Changes to Privacy Policy
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on this site without prior notice. Please check back periodically especially before providing Personally Identifiable information.