https://www.rong-chang.com/privacy.htm
rong-chang ESL, Inc. - Privacy Policy
GENERAL
Your privacy is important to us. This privacy policy is intended to give you
confidence in the privacy and security of the personal information we obtain
from you whether you are using rong-chang ESL products, uploading information to rong-chang ESL
and our products’ websites (the “Websites”), such as www.eslfast.com/robot/,
downloading our applications, or are merely visiting our Websites.
However, please note that we are not responsible for any use of your personal
information you provide to third-party applications or websites that may be
accessed via the Products or Websites. We recommend that you review the privacy
policy of any third-party applications or websites that you use.
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
When you use our Products or Websites, you may be asked for personally
identifiable information such as your name, and email address. By giving us such information,
you will need to consent to our using it in the manner described in this policy.
You may withdraw your consent at any time by emailing us at tesleslfast.com.
We will return or destroy your personal information within five days of receipt
of your withdrawal of consent.
Cookie information, pages you have requested and your IP address may also be
recorded by us and/or third parties from your browser as set out in this policy.
USE OF PERFORMANCE DATA
rong-chang ESL will use performance data, including performance statistics, bug
fixes and other similar data (“Performance Data”) uploaded to our Websites or
acquired through our Products. rong-chang ESL may use such Performance Data in
any way, including, but not limited to, using, editing, altering, reproducing,
publishing and/or distributing the Performance Data for any purpose, commercial
or otherwise, provided that such Performance Data is stripped of all personally
identifiable information.
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use personal information to allow us to process your service requests,
provide access to privileged areas of the Websites, send out newsletters,
personalize your visit to our Websites, personalize your use of our Products,
and enable us to improve the products and services we offer. We may occasionally
carry out market research and send you details of services and offers that we
think may be of interest to you. If you do not wish to receive such information,
please e-mail tesleslfast.com or, alternatively, when we send you an e-mail,
it will contain a provision for you to opt out of receiving any further
information from us.
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may provide information about you to our employees and agents in order to
administer any accounts, products and services provided to you by rong-chang
ESL.
We will not disclose your personal information to any third party unless you
have consented to such disclosure or where we are required to do so by law.
Should you breach our terms and conditions or terms of use or if we are under a
duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal
obligation, we may disclose your information to a relevant authority. This may
include exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the
purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Any disclosure of
personal information will be strictly controlled and made fully in accordance
with current U.S. law.
POLICY CHANGES
Changes in this policy will be posted on our Websites. You are advised to check
our Websites regularly to view our most recent privacy policy.