http://www.lli.ie/language-learning-international-privacy-policy
Language Learning International Privacy Policy | Language Learning International
Skip to main content
Home
About LLI
Programmes
Course Fees
Blog
Contact Us
this is the home page banner
Junior Programmes
Adult Programmes
Transition Year
Summer
Language Learning International Privacy Policy
Who we are
This privacy policy is for this website  www.lli.ie  and is served by Language Learning International ( “LLI”)Topaz Building Taney road Goatstown Dublin 14 Ireland. Registered company number: 373745
We take your privacy and the protection of any personal details that you provide us with extremely seriously. This policy explains the what, how, and why of the information we collect when you visit one of our websites, or when you use our Services. It also explains the specific ways we use and disclose that information.
The data we collect
We will use the details you have provided to us to respond to your communications with us. Client details are stored securely and only accessible by LLI staff members. Your personal information is stored securely until a time it is no longer required.
When you make an enquiry with us, via phone or email, we may collect personal data including:
your name
date of birth
email address
telephone numbers
locations you are interested in
other information related to our language courses
When you check the availability or prices of our courses through our website we may  also ask for the following details to help us serve your enquiry better:
your nationality
mother tongue
country of residence
gender
the language you want us to reply to you in
Further data required when processing your booking
When you make a booking for a language course we may also ask for the following details:
current level of language and previous education
postal address
medical conditions/relevant health issues
friends you may be travelling with
any other comments you may have
Your postal address is only collected to help us complete the confirmation invoice we send to you, or to enable us to send you further information by post, at your request.
The current level of your language is a guideline only, so we can confirm the course is available at your level and prepare the school for your arrival.
Further data required for minors
Our courses for Young Students and courses for students under 18 years old may require a signed parental consent form, with personal details of a responsible parent/guardian. The parent/guardian may be asked to provide passport details as a form of identification. These details are only ever passed on to the school and deleted/destroyed straight afterwards.
Data required for High School Abroad Programmes in respect of minors
When a booking is made for a High School Abroad Programme we may ask for the following further information.
Student’s name
date of birth
email address
telephone numbers
locations you are interested in
Parent or Guardian contact details
Occupation of parents
Siblings names and ages
We may also look for the following information
Copies of 2 recent school reports
3 passport photos
Medical conditions and any Allergies.
Copy of passport
Copy of European Health Insurance Card
Family photo
Further data required for invitation letters
If you require a letter of invitation for visa purposes our school will ask for your passport details. These details are only ever passed on to the school and deleted/destroyed straight afterwards.
We have strict security procedures in place to protect your personal information. All employees have signed a confidentiality clause and are legally obliged to respect the privacy of our clients’ personal data.
What we do with your data
We use the data that we collect from you to help us organise the language programme or programmes as requested and required for each booking.
You acknowledge that the following personal information is explicitly provided to the school that you will be attending: name, date of birth, nationality, level of the language and any relevant health issues. You consent to us transferring these details to our third-party school partners for the purposes of dealing with your enquiries and so we can process your booking to fulfil your order.
In giving us your contact details regarding a language programme you consent to us contacting you to discuss that programme. This could include follow up phone calls or emails.
In making a booking and supplying us with your information we may contact you for feedback on your programme and one more time to see if you are interested in a future language programme with us.
Newsletter
We use your contact details to send you a quarterly newsletter which contact informaiton about our courses and special offers... You may also easily unsubscribe from receiving such newsletters at any time.
Accessing your personal information
You have the right to request a copy of any personal data we may be holding on you through a subject access request. To make this request you will need to provide us with proof of identity. We have the right to charge you a small fee for this.
If you wish to raise a subject access request or would like us to delete any of your personal information that we hold, simply contact us  on info@lli.ie.
If you have any questions or concerns over the information on this page, your privacy in general or anything else, please contact us with your feedback. You can also telephone us on the numbers listed below.
0035312143314
If you have any questions or comments, or if you want to update, delete or change any Personal Information we hold, please write to us by email at info@lli.ie
This privacy notice was last updated in  May 2018.
Any future changes will be posted to this page and will apply from the time this page is updated.
Contact Us
Language Learning International, Topaz Building, Taney Road, Goatstown, Dublin 14
Tel: +353 1 214 3314    Fax: +353 1 214 3385    Email: info@lli.ie
PRIVACY POLICY
Recognized by The National Qualifications Authority, a statutory body under the aegis of the Department of Education and Skills
Website Design Dublin