http://www.icp.org/privacy
Join our mailing list
Stay updated on our latest news.
I would like to receive the following email newsletter:
ICP Updates
Learn about our exhibitions, school, events, and more.
You can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us, or by contacting us at digitalcontent@icp.org. We will treat your information with respect. For more information, read our Privacy Policy. By clicking Submit, you agree that we may send you communications in accordance with these terms.
Submit
Cancel
We use MailChimp as our marketing automation platform. By submitting this form, you acknowledge that the information you provide will be transferred to MailChimp for processing in accordance with their Privacy Policy and Terms.
Support ICP
Become a Member
Login
Visit
Exhibitions
Education
Events
Explore
Shop
About
Visit
Exhibitions
Education
Events
Explore
Shop
About
exhibition
#ICPConcerned: Global Images for Global Crisis
News
ICP Reopens on October 1 with #ICPConcerned: Global Images for Global Crisis, COVID New York: Five ICP Alumni, George Georgiou: Americans Parade, and Tyler Mitchell: I Can Make You Feel Good on View
exhibition
COVID New York: Five ICP Alumni
exhibition
Tyler Mitchell: I Can Make You Feel Good
News
Engage with ICP from Anywhere
News
We Need Your Support
Shop
Become a Member
Support ICP
Subscribe
Login
ICP's museum is open! Come visit us and our four exhibitions on view. Education programs, including public programs and ICP Talks, are continuing online. Learn more about hours, admission, and how we are keeping you safe.
Get Details
View Details
View Details
Privacy Policy
The International Center of Photography (ICP) is committed to protecting the privacy of individuals who visit and use our website and keeping secure personal information provided to us by our users. This page describes our policy regarding the collection and use of personal information from our visitors and donors.
News
ICP
Jun 29, 2018
The International Center of Photography (ICP) is committed to protecting the privacy of individuals who visit and use our website and keeping secure personal information provided to us by our users. This page describes our policy regarding the collection and use of personal information from our visitors and donors.
ICP may revise this privacy policy from time to time in response to changes in the law, policy, or other factors. New provisions will be effective as soon as they are posted. Any information that you submit after a change has been posted will be subject to the new provisions. Please check this page regularly to ensure that you are aware of any change.
Website Visitors
Types of User Data We Collect
We collect two types of user data: (1) anonymous data that is automatically collected from all visitors to ICP.org; and (2) personally identifiable data that you voluntarily submit to us (described below under "Personal Data"). We collect data with your consent or when we have a legitimate interest in doing so.
Anonymous Data
We automatically collect some information, including your internet service provider, the IP address assigned to your computer by your internet service provider at the time you access the ICP site, the type of browser you are using, the referring link, and what operating system you are using, through our server and through cookies. (See the section on Cookies below for more information.) Collecting such information ensures that we deliver icp.org in a manner that conforms to your computer’s technical specifications.
It may not be apparent to you that this information is being collected. We may compile and provide aggregate statistics about sales, site traffic, and related information to third parties. These aggregate statistics will not contain Personal Data and will not be stored in connection with any of your personally identifiable information. We also track the number and frequency of hits per page on an aggregate basis. We do not use anonymous data to identify individual users, and we do not link any anonymous data with the Personal Data you provide to us.
Personal Data
We will keep Personal Data that you voluntarily provide, such as your name and postal address, phone number, and your email address when you participate in certain activities on the ICP site, such as:
•  To join or renew your membership to ICP;
•  To make an additional contribution to support ICP;
•  To register for a class, seminar, or workshop at ICP;
•  To sign up for our newsletters or mailing list; or
•  To participate in any activity, such as purchasing admission tickets online, that requires that ICP access your Personal Data.
If you make a purchase or donation on the ICP site, you will be asked to provide your credit card information, including the card number and expiration date. ICP will delete your credit card information from the ICP site server as soon as your purchase is completed, but ICP may keep your credit card information on file in a separate, secure database which is not connected to the ICP site, and which is accessed only by authorized ICP personnel. ICP never shares your credit card information with third parties for marketing purposes, except as required by law.
Updating Your Data
If you want to review, correct, update, suppress, restrict, or delete your Personal Data, contact us at Privacy@icp.org. We will, consistent with applicable law, let you review your personal information in our files and, upon your instructions, correct inaccuracies or delete incorrect information from our databases. If you would like to request an electronic copy of your Personal Data in order to transmit it to another company, please contact us at Privacy@icp.org and we will respond consistent with applicable law and to the extent your right to data portability is provided you by applicable law.
Please note that certain information may need to be kept by us for legitimate business reasons, such as recordkeeping or to complete a transaction.
Cookies
We collect some data through the use of cookies. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that are transferred either to your computer's hard drive ("Long-term Cookies") or temporarily to your computer's Random Access Memory ("Session Cookies").
We use Long-term Cookies to identify users of the ICP site. These cookies are set automatically when you access the ICP site and you may not realize they are in use. Long-term cookies can also be used to enable "remember" options on the ICP site, which will allow the site to remember user preferences which you may set, and to automatically remember certain pieces of your Personal Data. These "remember" options are offered only for your convenience and are completely voluntary. Note that your password will not be stored in connection with any Long-term Cookie. We use Session Cookies whenever you visit the ICP site to run the site's interactive applications, such as the shopping cart or class registration forms. Session Cookies last only as long as your session on the ICP site. They expire when the session ends and are not written onto your computer's hard drive.
To prevent the collection of data you have the option to disable any or all cookies through your browser settings. However, cookies will be required for certain transactions, such as class registrations, and allowing all cookies will provide for a greater experience of ICP’s website.
ICP’s uses the following cookies to enhance your browsing experience:
Functional Cookies:
Cookie Name
What it's for
has_js
Drupal uses this cookie to indicate whether or not the visitor’s browser has JavaScript enabled.
_cfduid
Used by CloudFlare to speed up page load times. It is used to override any security restrictions based on the IP address the visitor is coming from.
Optional Cookies:
Cookie Name
What it's for
_gat
Used to throttle request rate by Google Analytics.
_ga
Used to distinguish users by Google Analytics.
_gid
Used to distinguish users by Google Analytics.
You may toggle on or off the optional cookies by clicking here:
Toggle cookies
How We Use the Data We Collect
We use anonymous data to identify the referring links as the source of user traffic. We use data to identify which sections of the ICP site are most visited and for how long, so that we can evaluate the popularity of our different Web pages and continue to improve the ICP site. We do not use anonymous data to identify individual users and we do not link any anonymous data with the Personal Data you provide to us.
We use your Personal Data:
•  To fulfill the request for which you specifically provided the data;
•  To send you our email newsletter or to announce new classes, seminars, exhibitions, or store items which may be of interest, unless you have opted out of receiving that information;
•  To allow you to set and change preferences;
•  To allow you to join or renew your membership in ICP or to donate to ICP;
•  To offer you other ways to support ICP, including, in some limited cases, solicitations for additional contributions;
•  To confirm your contribution to ICP.
The ICP site is hosted by servers in the United States. Accordingly, if you are located outside of the United States, the Personal Data you provide to us will be transferred to the United States. By submitting your Personal Data, you consent to its transfer and storage in the United States and its use in accordance with the purposes for which it was originally collected (see below regarding third-party sharing of Personal Data from non-U.S. residents).
We may also from time to time combine your Personal Data with some publicly available data collected from third parties, to improve our services to you and for our own internal marketing, communications, and fundraising purposes.
INFORMATION DISCLOSURE POLICY—THIRD-PARTY SHARING
We may share your Personal Data with third-party service providers who fulfill your orders, contact you on our behalf, or facilitate some other aspect of the ICP site activities, services or products, including those third-party service providers we use to assist us in our own fundraising efforts. ICP expects third-party vendors and service providers to maintain the confidentiality and security of the information to which they are provided access; however, ICP is not responsible for the privacy, information, or other practices of third-party service providers. ICP is not responsible for the information collection, use, disclosure, or security policies or practices of other sites to which ICP is linked, or to social media platform providers, wireless service providers, operating system providers, or device manufacturers.
We may disclose and use Personal Data regardless of where you reside in special circumstances when it is necessary to enforce this Privacy Policy, such as for safety or security reasons, or when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires us to disclose your Personal Data to third parties.
Third-Party Providers
ICP engages reputable third-party vendors in order to help us manage the Websites, process transactions, better respond to the needs of our visitors, and enhance our marketing efforts. This includes third-party analytics vendors such as Google Analytics and other marketing partners. We and our third-party vendors or partners use analytics data for a variety of purposes such as to improve the design and content of our Websites, to help us learn things like what pages are most attractive to all of our visitors and what exhibitions and programs visitors are interested in, and to gauge the success of our advertising and marketing campaigns.
ICP requires its vendors to maintain the confidentiality of the information to which they are provided access, and restricts these vendors from using or disclosing the information in any way without express authorization by the ICP.
For information about the third-party providers used by ICP please email Privacy@icp.org.
Opt-In/Opt-Out Newsletters
When you provide us with your Personal Data on the ICP site, you can let us know if you wish to receive our online newsletter or any other email from ICP by checking the appropriate "opt-in" box or button on the page where you submit your Personal Data or by contacting us at DigitalContent@icp.org. You may subscribe or unsubscribe from our emails and newsletters at any time.
Children
We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13.
Security
ICP makes every reasonable effort to ensure the security of the transactions that occur on its website. The Personal Data we collect about you is stored on a secure, password protected server. We use industry-standard encryption technologies, including Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology, with respect to any commerce transactions you initiate, and the receipt and transfer of Personal Data you submit to us on the ICP site. Only authorized personnel have access to your information. Nevertheless, despite our best efforts, no transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure.
Updating Your Data
If you want to review, correct, or update your membership information, contact us at membership@icp.org. We will use reasonable efforts to let you review your personal information in our files and, upon your instructions, to correct inaccuracies or delete incorrect information from our databases.
Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this Privacy Statement or our data collection practices you can contact us at Privacy@icp.org.
Donor Privacy Policy
ICP provides this Donor Privacy Policy to inform our donors of the way their information is used. We also provide you with the opportunity to remove your name from our mailing and email lists if you desire to do so.
Information We Collect
We collect your contact information, including your name, address, and email address. We also collect information about your relationship with ICP, including details on membership, event attendance, and giving history.
How We Use Your Information
ICP uses your information to understand your needs and provide you with a positive interaction with our organization. Specifically, we use your information to help you complete a transaction, communicate back to you, and update you on ICP events and programs. From time to time we will also exchange mailing lists with other cultural institutions. We do not share email addresses.
Updating Your Data
If you want to review, correct, or update your membership information, contact us at membership@icp.org. We will use reasonable efforts to let you review your personal information in our files and, upon your instructions, to correct inaccuracies or delete incorrect information from our databases.
Removing Your Name from Our Mailing List
It is our desire to not send unwanted mail or email to our donors. Please contact us if you wish to be removed from our mailing or email list. Also, please contact us if you would like to be added to our Do Not Exchange list.
Contact Us
If you have comments, questions, or concerns about our Donor Privacy Policy, or wish to be removed from any of our lists, please send an email to membership@icp.org or call us at 212.857.0003.
© International Center of Photography, New York. All rights reserved.
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy.
I Accept
I Decline