http://www.tylerguitars.com/privacy-policy
Welcome
We Are
Reviews
Home
About
Guitars
USA
Japan
Finishes
Cases
Tech
General Info
Pickguard Wiring Diagrams
Bypass Conversion
Artists
Pickups
Shop
JTG Pickups
Dealers
Reviews
User Reviews
PRIVACY POLICYJames Tyler Guitars is committed to respecting your privacy. We collect and use information throughout our website as disclosed in this Privacy Policy. This statement applies solely to information collected on this website. James Tyler Guitars and all of its domestic and/or international subsidiaries and affiliates (“Tyler Guitars” or “us” or “we”) take seriously the confidentiality of your personal information.The following Privacy Policy sets forth our information gathering and dissemination practices.1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT:We collect only the personal information you choose to provide us in the course of doing business with James Tyler Guitars.Personally Identifiable Information: James Tyler Guitars may collect information you voluntarily share with us, including any content, record, or electronic communication of any kind, including without limitation your contact information, financial information, and/or any other personal information, subject to applicable laws and the terms of this Privacy Policy. You are not required to provide personally identifiable information in order to visit the Tyler Guitars website. You may, however, register and provide personally identifiable information for the use of our website. Registration is not required to enter or use this website. During registration a user must give certain contact information, but we never sell or give away this information. It is only gathered for the use of the customer for purchases or to participate in public domains. Please be advised that any such submission become the property of James Tyler Guitars and may be used by Tyler Guitars for any lawful purpose, subject to applicable law. You agree that any content you send us will not violate any rights of any third-party and that you will only send us content for which you own the rights. Personal information includes but is not limited to e-mail addresses, billing, mailing, or permanent addresses, shipping addresses, telephone numbers and any other information identifiable to you that you provide. When you correspond with us through e-mail, we may retain the messages (with our responses and your e-mail address) to facilitate our business dealings with you. We retain this information to: complete your orders, send merchandise for online store purchases, contact you when necessary, send prizes to contest winners and send information about our company, including promotional material.James Tyler Guitars may also collect other information that is not personally identifiable to you but results solely from your visit to our website. For example, we may collect Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses or use cookies, which may be placed on your computer when you access the website. a. IP Addresses:Your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address is usually associated with the place from which you enter the Internet, like your Internet Service Provider, your company or your university. By collecting your IP address, Tyler Guitars’ server may record the referring page that linked you to the Tyler Guitars website (e.g., another website or a search engine), the pages you visit on this website, the website you visit after this website, the ads you see or click on, other information about the type of web browser, computer, platform, related software and setting you are using, any search terms you have entered on this website or a referral website, and other web usage activity and date logged by our web servers.b. Cookies:Tyler Guitars may use cookies to track the use of its website and to facilitate and enhance your experience. “Cookies” are small pieces of electronic data that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. These cookies enable Tyler Guitars to facility access to different aspects of the website. For example, by showing when and how you and others visit its website, cookies help us to see which pages of the website are popular and which are not. Cookies can also help us to improve your enjoyment of this website, for example, by remembering your address or other personal information when you request information or services on the website. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can disable this function so that your browser will not accept cookies. Please be aware that disabling this function may impact your use and enjoyment of this website.c. Web Beacons:Tyler Guitars may use web beacons during some of your visits. We may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information, include page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page. We use this information to help personalize your web experience and the emails we send you and to improve our products. When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server and will notify visitors of this feature through a pop-up screen on our site.2. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION:James Tyler Guitars does not sell, rent or loan any of your personally identifiable information to any third party. We may, however, use or share information with third-party product(s) or service suppliers specifically involved in the processing of your information received via the Tyler Guitars website. We may also share your information with our foreign and domestic affiliates specifically involved in the processing of your information. Tyler Guitars will use your personally identifiable information only for the purpose of communicating to you as set forth in this Privacy Policy and any other purpose for which you disclose to us. If you wish for us to cease use of your personally identifiable information in any way, you may contact us at any time as set forth below. In addition, we may use, and share collected information that does not uniquely identify you when it enables us to improve our services and website content. Tyler Guitars reserves the right to use and share your information where such disclosure may be required by law.3. SECURITY:James Tyler Guitars limits third party access to personally identifiable information collected on this website. This website has security measures in place that we believe are reasonable to help protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under Tyler Guitars’ control. While we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration to data will not occur, James Tyler Guitars uses industry standards, such as Secure Socket Layers (“SSL”) technology, to help safeguard against such occurrences. In certain instances, the information passed between your browser and the Tyler Guitars system is encrypted with SSL technology to create a protected connection between you and this website to ensure confidentiality.4. THIRD PARTY WEBSITE:This website may be linked to or link to other websites not maintained by or related to Tyler Guitars. Tyler Guitars is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third parties or third-party websites, including any third-party linked or linking websites. Tyler Guitars encourages you to also review the privacy policies of such websites.5. ACCESS BY MINORS: In compliance with the requirements of Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), this website is not intended for use by children under age 14. No one under age 14 is allowed to provide any personally identifiable information. Tyler Guitars does not knowingly collect or use information from children under age 14 through this website. Minors under the age of 18 should get the permission of their parent(s) or legal guardian(s) before providing any information on this website.6. ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION: If you wish to have access to your personally identifiable information, please contact us with your request. You may also request that we update your personal information or correct any factual errors that you believe may exist regarding this information.BY ACCESSING OR USING THIS WEBSITE, YOU HEREBY AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION AS DISCUSSED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, IMMEDIATELY TERMINATE USE OF AND DO NOT ACCESS THIS WEBSITE.James Tyler Guitars reserves the right to modify or amend this Privacy Policy at any time. All changes will be effective immediately upon their posting to this website. You agree that by accessing or using this website without any objection following posting of such changes, constitutes your acceptance of the revised terms.TERMS OF USECONTENT AND PHOTOS ACCESSIBLE ON THIS SITE MAY NOT BE USED FOR ANY UNAUTHORIZED COMMERCIAL USE.CONTACTING USIf you have any questions or concerns regarding the above Policies or Terms of Use, you should contact us at:James Tyler Guitars575 4th StreetSan Fernando, CA 91340
Cart (0)