http://www.keyboardtrader.com/privacy.html
Home
Software
Keyboard
Support
About
News
Pricing
Privacy Policy Statement
Read This Privacy Policy Statement Before Accessing Website.
Effective Date: This Privacy Policy Statement was last updated on July 11, 2019.
1. ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
Bionic Trader Systems, LLC (“BTS”) is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy Statement sets forth our current privacy practices with regard to the information we collect when you or your computer interact with our website. By accessing www.keyboardtrader.com, you acknowledge and fully understand BTS’s Privacy Policy Statement and freely consent to the information collection and use practices described in this Privacy Policy Statement.
2. PARTICIPATING MERCHANT POLICIES
Related services and offerings with links from this website, including vendor sites, have their own privacy statements that can be viewed by clicking on the corresponding links within each respective website. Online merchants and others who participate in BTS’s services are encouraged to participate in industry privacy initiatives and to take a responsible attitude towards consumer privacy. However, since we do not have direct control over the policies or practices of participating merchants and other third parties, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or contents of those sites. We recommend and encourage that you always review the privacy policies of merchants and other third parties before you provide any personal information or complete any transaction with such parties.
3. INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT
BTS collects certain information from and about its users three ways: directly from our Web Server logs, the user, and with Cookies.
a. Web Server Logs.
When you visit our Website, we may track information to administer the site and analyze its usage. Examples of information we may track include:
Your Internet protocol address;
The kind of browser or computer you use;
Number of links you click within the site;
State or country from which you accessed the site;
Date and time of your visit;
Name of your Internet service provider;
Web page you linked to our site from; or
Pages you viewed on the site.
b. Use of Cookies
BTS may use cookies to personalize or enhance your user experience. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a Web Server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. For example, if you personalize a web page, or navigate within a site, a cookie helps the site to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. Hence, this simplifies the process of delivering relevant content and eases site navigation by providing and saving your preferences and login information as well as providing personalized functionality.
BTS reserves the right to share aggregated site statistics with partner companies, but does not allow other companies to place cookies on our website unless there is a temporary, overriding customer value (such as merging into www.keyboardtrader.com a site that relies on third-party cookies).
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies. If you reject cookies by changing your browser settings then be aware that this may disable some of the functionality on our Website.
c. Personal Information Users
Visitors to our website can submit requests for contact and demos with BTS. When you submit a request, we will request some personal information such as first and last name, email address, telephone number, company, how you found BTS, and other relevant information, including information that permits the physical or online contacting of a specific individual. You may also be asked to disclose personal information to us so that we can provide assistance and information to you. For example, such data may be warranted in order to provide online technical support and troubleshooting. In addition, you may be required to submit credit card or other payment information to BTS when purchasing or licensing goods and services from BTS. All Credit Card orders will be processed with you on the phone or in person, and no information is stored by Bionic Trader Systems.
We will not disclose personally identifiable information we collect from you to third parties without your permission except to the extent necessary including:
To fulfill your service requests for services;
To fulfill the Limited Hardware Warranty;
To protect ourselves from liability;
To respond to legal process or comply with law; or
In connection with a merger, acquisition, or liquidation of the company.
4. USE OF WEB BEACONS OR GIF FILES
BTS webpages may contain electronic images known as Web beacons – sometimes also called single-pixel gifs – that allow BTS to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded services. BTS may include Web beacons in promotional e-mail messages or newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon.
Some of these Web beacons may be placed by third party service providers to help determine the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns or email communications. These Web beacons may be used by these service providers to place a persistent cookie on your computer. This allows the service provider to recognize your computer each time you visit certain pages or emails and compile anonymous information in relation to those page views, which in turn enables us and our service providers to learn which advertisements and emails bring you to our website and how you use the site.
5. ACCESSING WEB ACCOUNT INFORMATION
We will provide you with the means to ensure that your personally identifiable information is correct and current. You may review or change your information by contacting us. Send an email to our support attendant at support@bionictradersystems.com.
6. CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT
BTS has the discretion to occasionally update this Privacy Policy Statement. If there is an update, the revised Privacy Policy Statement will be provided on the keyboardtrader.com domain. When we do, we will also revise the “updated” date at the top of this Privacy page. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy statement to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. Your continued use of the service constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy Statement and any updates.
7. CONTACTING US
If you have questions regarding our Privacy Policy Statement, its implementation, failure to adhere to this Privacy Policy Statement and/or our general practices, please contact us at info@bionictradersystems.com or send your comments to:
Bionic Trader Systems, LLC328 Arthur AveAptos, CA 95003
BTS will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly respond and resolve any problem or question.
All trading involves risk. It is your responsibility to determine whether Keyboard Trader is appropriate for your needs.Aspects of the products and services offered are covered by one or more patents and patent applications,including US Patent No. 8,463,696 and 8,712,896. ©
Bionic Trader Systems, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
contact | privacy policy | software EULA