https://www.crmsociety.com/terms-conditions/
Welcome to the Charles Rennie Mackintosh Society.
Home
CRM Society
About the CRM Society
Council Members
Society Regional Groups
Mackintosh Queen’s Cross
Members Only Area
Join the Society
Benefits of Membership
Donations
Patron Scheme
Patron Scheme Members
Gift Aid
Furniture Appeal
Bequest
Job Opportunities
Volunteering
Mackintosh
Charles Rennie Mackintosh
The Four
Charles Rennie Mackintosh
James Herbert MacNair
Margaret Macdonald
Frances Macdonald
Mackintosh Architecture
Mackintosh Buildings Survey
FAQs
Mackintosh Timeline
Mackintosh App
Books
Further Reading & Downloads
What’s On
Mackintosh Guided Tours
Events
Mackintosh Mural
Hire & Weddings
Mackintosh Queen’s Cross
Visit Mackintosh
Mackintosh Attractions
Mackintosh Guided Tours
Visit Glasgow
Mackintosh App
Travel Tips
Interactive Map
78 Derngate, Northampton
Port Vendres, France
Learning
The Amazing Mr. Mackintosh
Schools
Education
Tour Leaflets
Glasgow Style and Modernity
Second City Tour
West End Tour
News
Mackintosh News
eNewsletter Subscription
Letters to Mackintosh Competition Winners
Mackintosh Architectural Competition Winners
Fire at the Glasgow School of Art
Glasgow Landmarks Scheme
Mackintosh Symposium
World Heritage Bid
Shop
View Products
Checkout
Members
Member Login
View Basket
Members Only News
Newsletters
Journals
AGM Minutes
Contact
Terms & Conditions
Charles Rennie Mackintosh | CRM Society > Terms & Conditions
1. Introduction
1.1 Welcome to the www.crmsociety website (the “Website“). Set out below are the terms and conditions of the Website (the “Terms and Conditions“). The Charles Rennie Mackintosh Society is responsible for this Website and your use of this Website is governed by these Terms and Conditions.
1.2 These Terms and Conditions apply to all of the information, data, text, photographs, graphics, software, music, video, messages and any other material of any type (the “Content“) posted from time to time on this Website. By using any part of this Website you accept these Terms and Conditions.
1.3 The Society may revise these Terms and Conditions at any time by updating this posting. You should check this Website regularly to review these Terms and Conditions, because all amendments will also be binding on you. Note that certain provisions of these Terms and Conditions may be superseded by expressly designated terms and conditions located on particular pages at this Website.
2. Licence
2.1 You are permitted to download the Content from this Website for personal use only, with the exception of the press page, the content of which may be downloaded for press use only subject to the terms and conditions on that page.
2.2 The Content may not be made available, reproduced, published, modified or manipulated in any way without the written permission of the CRM Society.
2.3 Unless otherwise stated, the copyright, moral rights and other intellectual property rights in the Content on this Website are owned by the CRM Society and/or other copyright owners as noted on this Website.
2.4 The Society is committed to respecting the intellectual property rights of others, and has taken all reasonable efforts to ensure that the reproduction of images on this Website is with the full consent of copyright owners and that all copyright owners are acknowledged in such reproductions. The Society requires all users of this Website to similarly respect intellectual property rights.
3. Privacy and data protection
The CRM Society is committed to your right to privacy. Please read our privacy policy carefully. When you subscribe to our e-mail newsletter the Society may collect, hold, control, use and transmit personally identifiable information (“Personal Information“) obtained from you and it may do so for the purposes of enhancing this Website and assisting in marketing activities, provided you give us permission to do so. By agreeing to these Terms and Conditions you agree to The CRM Society collecting and using your Personal Information as described in this privacy policy.
3.1 We will not keep your Personal Information for longer than is necessary and will take steps to ensure it is up to date. You may also update your Personal Information from time to time by contacting us at info@crmsociety.com. You have a right under the Data Protection Act 1998 to ask what Personal Information we hold about you. You can do this by writing to us at CRM Society, Queen’s Cross, 870 Garscube Road, Glasgow G20 7EL.
3.2 The CRM Society is concerned with the security of your Personal Information and will make every effort to restrict unauthorized access to such information. However, the internet is not a totally secure medium and as such you should be aware that unauthorized use, distribution, damage or destruction of your Personal Information may still occur.
3.3 Other than Personal Information, any material you transmit or post to this Website will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary.
4. Links to and from other Websites
Users of this Website must not create links to this Website, or frame the Website, without the written permission of the Society. The Society is not responsible for any websites run by third parties that are linked to this Website or the content on those sites.
5. Liability
5.1 While the Society endeavours to ensure that the Content on this Website is correct, the Society makes no representations or warranties of any kind whatsoever, express or implied, in connection with the Website.
5.2 The Society and its officers, director, employees or agents exclude all liability (whether in contact, tort or otherwise), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, for any loss or damage that may result to you or a third party in connection with use of this Website.
6. Governing Law and Jurisdiction
This legal notice shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Scottish law. Disputes arising in connection with this legal notice shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Scottish courts.
7. Copyright Statement
The content of this site, including all images and text, are protected by copyright.
No copies of the digital images or text may be made except for personal use. Personal use means non-commercial, domestic use by an individual involving making of single copies of each digital image. All forms of commercial use are forbidden. Electronic or print copies may not be offered, whether for sale or otherwise, to any third party.
Copyright is held by each of the Mackintosh attractions, or by other copyright holders.
Please contact us for further information. The CRM Society has made all reasonable efforts to ensure that the reproduction of all content on these pages is done with the full consent of copyright holders. If you feel that your copyright has not been fully respected, please contact us.
Share
×
Your ticket for the: Terms & Conditions
Title
Terms & Conditions
GBP
Close
Print
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy