http://www.ihworld.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
This website uses cookies to give you the best possible experience. By continuing to use this site we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies as per our cookie policy.
Continue
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
1.     Introduction
This privacy notice explains what we do with the information we collect from you, and how we handle it and keep it safe.
2.    Our basis for using your information
We only use data which you directly supply to us, and that means the basis is your consent. We don’t use any personal data from publically accessible sources, or automated decision making or automated profiling.
We use your information only for the express purpose you have supplied it. For example, if you have given your details to register for an event or enrol for a course we will contact you about that event or course only. We will not use that data for other marketing purposes. If you have signed up to a mailing list, we will include you on those mailings only. You have the option to unsubscribe at any time.
There may be occasions when we use your data to complete our contractual obligation to you. For example, if you have paid for something and have a particular delivery request, we may share your address details with a courier.
If you have paid for something with us (for example a course), we may share your details with statutory bodies who have a legitimate interest (for example investigating fraud) because it’s a legal obligation for us to do this.
3.    What data we collect
When do we collect your personal data?
When you visit ihworld.com and complete an enquiry form for a specific school, that data is emailed to the school you have chosen.
When you complete any other form on ihworld.com (for example registering for an event), we record the information and use it to contact you regarding that registration or enquiry.
When you complete the language level test, your details and score results are emailed to the school you have selected.
When you apply for a job, we will pass this information to the school. We do not pass your information to any other schools which you have not expressly applied to.
When you enrol for a course on OTTI we collect your contact details and information relevant to your professional experience in order to complete the course. We use these to contact you about the course, to support you in your studies, and to post certificates to you. We do not use any information for any subsequent marketing.
If you contact us with a complaint, we will share details of it with the school or person  you are complaining about in order to investigate and assist its resolution.
If you e-mail info@ihworld.com, or worldrecruit@ihworld.com, or any of the employees of International House World Organisation, you will be supplying some of your personal details. We will use this to respond to you professionally and transparently.
4.    Who we share your data with
We share your data with IH affiliated schools when you make a specific enquiry to them through ihworld.com, when you complete the English Language Level Test, or apply for a job at an IH school.  We share only the information you supply at the time of making the enquiry or application. IH schools may be in the EU or in the rest of the world.  You are entering this data with your consent, and that is our basis for processing it. You can contact schools directly for their own privacy policy.The direct contact details for all our schools can be found here http://ihworld.com/about/contact-an-ih-school/
We work with other companies, such as IT companies who support our website and other business systems, financial companies which process payments (for example PayPay, Pay to Study) and couriers. They only have access to your data to such an extent as enables them to complete their contract with us.
5.    How long we keep your data
We only hold your data for long as is necessary. For example,
If you apply for a job, we will keep your information for no more than 7 months after the last time that you made an application.
If you make a complaint, we will keep your details for a maximum of 12 months from the date the complaint was resolved.
If you enrol on a course with us, we will keep your details for a maximum of 24 months.
6.    Your rights
You have the right to:
Request access to the personal data we hold about you. We may levy an administrative charge for providing this.
Ask for the correction of your personal data when incorrect, out of date or incomplete.
Withdraw consent for us to use your data. If so we will stop using your personal data and delete it.
For any of these requests, we will respond within 30 days of receiving the request. Either email info@ihworld.com, or write to Data Protection, International House World Organisation, 7 Unity Wharf, 13 Mill Street, London, SE1 2BH.
7.     Deleting your data
You have the right to request the deletion or removal of your data.
If you have signed up to a mailing list in the past, click the ‘unsubscribe’ link. This will then remove you from the list and stop any further emails.
If you have contacted us through an e-mail address, simply reply to that e-mail requesting that all correspondence about you is deleted. We will do this within 30 days, and confirm that it has been done.
8.     How we protect your data
We take data security very seriously. We secure access to all transactional areas of our websites using ‘https’ technology. Access to your personal data on our servers is password protected, and our servers are physically secured.
9.       Who to Contact
If you have any questions, please contact info@ihworld.com, or write to Data Protection, International House World Organisation, 7 Unity Wharf, 13 Mill Street, London, SE1 2BH.
If you think that your data has not been handled correctly, or if you are not happy with any communication we have had, you have the right to complain to UK Information Commissioners Office.  They can be contacted on 0303 123 1113, or through www.ico.org.uk/concerns.
If you are based outside the UK, you have the right to complain to the relevant data protection regulator in your country of residence.
This policy was last updated on 28/1/2019