http://www.amonamarth.com/cookie-policy
BERSERKER
VIP
TOUR
SHOP
SIGN UP
MOBILE GAME
COOKIE POLICY
Amon Amarth – Cookie PolicySee Amon Amarth’s privacy policy for definitions and terms concerning the processing etc of Your Personal Data.1. COOKIESTo make Our Website work properly, to analyze our visitor’s behavior on Our Website, and for marketing purposes We sometimes place small data files called cookies on Your device. Most websites do this too.2. WHAT ARE COOKIESA cookie (“Cookie”) is a small text file that a website saves on Your computer or mobile device when You visit the site. It enables the website to remember Your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so You don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever You come back to the site or browse from one page to another.Cookies are either deleted automatically when You turn off your web browser, so called "session cookies", or are stored on Your computer to facilitate future visits on the website, so called "permanent cookies". Permanent cookies should also be deleted/expire, either automatically or after a certain period.Read more about cookies at aboutcookies.org.3. USE OF COOKIESNecessary for the functions of the WebsiteThis Website uses Cookies to save the User's session and to carry out other activities that are strictly necessary for the operation of this Website, for example in relation to the distribution of traffic.Cookies for optimization etc.This Website uses Cookies to save browsing preferences and to optimize Your browsing experience. Among these Cookies are, for example, those used for the setting of language or for the management of first party statistics employed directly by Us.4. THIRD PARTY COOKIESThird party operated services listed below may be used to track Your browsing habits – in addition to the information specified herein and without Our knowledge.Since the installation of third-party Cookies and other tracking systems through the services used within this Website cannot be technically controlled by Us, any specific references to Cookies and tracking systems installed by third parties are to be considered indicative. In order to obtain complete information, We recommend that You consult the privacy policy for the respective third-party services listed in this document.Remarketing and behavioral targetingThis type of service allows Us and Our partners to inform, optimize and serve advertising based on past use of the Website by You.The above activity is performed by tracking Your Usage Data and by using Cookies (which may contain Personal Data). The collected information is transferred to the partners (listed below) that manage the remarketing and behavioral targeting activity.Some services offer a remarketing option based on email address lists. The service providers listed below may use Cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information from Our Website and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide measurement services and target adsIn addition to any opt-out offered by any of the services below, You may at any time opt out of a third-party service's use of Cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.Facebook Custom Audience (Facebook, Inc.)Facebook Custom Audience is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Facebook, Inc. that connects the activity of Our Website with the Facebook advertising network.Privacy Policy – Opt Out. Privacy Shield participant.AnalyticsThe services contained in this section enable Us to, with the use of Usage Data and Cookies (which may contain Personal Data), monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of a user’s behavior.Google AdWords conversion tracking (Google Inc.)Google AdWords conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”) that connects data from the Google AdWords advertising network with actions performed on Our Website.Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield participant.Google Analytics (Google Inc.)Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google. Google utilizes the Personal Data and Usage Data collected to track and examine the use of our Website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.Google may use the Personal Data and Usage Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.Privacy Policy – Opt Out. Privacy Shield participant.Facebook Ads conversion tracking (Facebook, Inc.)Facebook Ads conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Facebook, Inc. that connects data from the Facebook advertising network with actions performed on Our Website.Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield participant.Twitter Ads conversion tracking (Twitter, Inc.)Twitter Ads conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Twitter, Inc. that connects data from the Twitter advertising network with actions performed on Our Website.Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield participant.5. OTHER THIRD PARTY COOKIESBe aware that advertisers and other third parties may use their own Cookie tags when You click on an advertisement or link on the Website. These third parties are responsible for setting out their own Cookie and privacy policies.6. IS INFORMATION TRANSFERRED TO THIRD PARTIES?Personal Data and Usage Data may be transferred to the third-party service providers listed in this cookie policy.In order to obtain complete information on how those third parties handles Your data, we recommend that You consult the privacy policy for the respective third-party services listed in this document.7. HOW LONG ARE THE COOKIES SAVED?Some Cookies are erased immediately after you have left the Website. Other Cookies are saved on Your device in order for our Website to remember your preferences such as language and for Us to be able to analyze Your behavior on our Website etc. These Cookies may be saved for several years on Your device.Third party Cookies, from our service providers, may be stored on Your device for days, months or even longer. For more detailed information regarding third-party cookies please read the relevant third party privacy policy listed in this cookie policy.8. HOW TO CONTROL COOKIESYou can control and/or delete Cookies as You wish – for details, see aboutcookies.org.You can delete all Cookies that are already on Your computer and You can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. You can also prevent third parties from placing Cookies. If You do this, however, You may have to manually adjust some preferences every time You visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.With regard to Cookies installed by third parties, Users can manage their preferences and withdrawal of their consent by clicking the related opt-out link (if provided), by using the means provided in the third party's privacy policy, or by contacting the third party.