http://www.scmatx.org/footer/privacy.html
Home
News
Board
NTIF
Services
Login
Resources
Welcome
Meetings
Scholarships
Origins
Membership
Protecting Your Privacy
Your privacy is important to us and we do value the security of our online information. Following are guidelines we use for protecting the information you provide us during a visit to our Internet site, http://www.scmatx.org.
We'd also like to remind visitors to our site that we provide additional links to resources we find useful. These links will lead you to a site that may operate under different privacy practices. We want to caution our visitors that they must take the responsibility of reviewing the privacy policy for such other web sites as we have no control over information that is submitted to these third parties.
In addition, certain areas of the site are not accessible unless you supply individually identifiable information. These areas are designed to provide information on local Celtic events, such as Ceili dances, concerts or dance schools, as well as contact information for local Celtic musicians. As a bonus, we will send you email updates for events in your area in which you may be interested.
The information we collect
When you register with the SCMA website we will ask for your:
Name
Address
Phone/fax/cell number
eMail address
This information is necessary to process your request to become a registered user to receive information about
SCMA or other events.
No information collected will be sold or otherwise distributed without your expressed permission.
We will also ask you to provide a username and password so we can recognize you when you log in. Passwords are encrypted before they are stored and provide a minimal level of security. However, we cannot be held responsible should anyone break through our security and steal the above information.
No other data is collected or stored, neither do we track the usage of the site.
Cookies
"Cookies" are small files of data that are often placed on your computer by web service providers to allow them to recognize repeat customers and track site usage. The SCMA does not endorse the use of such cookies from it's site. However, the SCMA cannot be held responsible for any cookies placed on your computer by third party sites to which we have linked.
We suggest that you use one of the many virus protection packages that provide protection against unwanted cookies.
Credit Cards
We do not collect any credit card information on this site. As soon as possible we will process SCMA Memberships and accept credit cards as payment. At that time we will work with PayPal to provide secure credit card processing through their site.
Home |
About Us |
Copyright |
FAQ's |
Privacy Policy |
Contact Us
Copyright (c) 1998 – 2017. Southwest Celtic Music Association, Inc.
All material within this web site may be used for personal information and resource and for educational
and other non-profit redistribution with appropriate reference to the source of the information. No part
of the format nor any of its content may be used for commercial purposes without written approval of the
SCMA.
The SCMA, NTIF and Star & Harp logos are Registered Trademarks of the SCMA.
The Southwest Celtic Music Association, Inc. is a 501(c)(3) corporation with registered offices in the
State of Texas.