http://www.michael-fassbender.net/site-online/cookies-policy
Fassbender Lane
HomeMichael FassbenderCareerPhoto GallerySite & Online
08/16Porsche Mobil 1 Supercup
05/11Michael Fassbender Joins Vero
10/03‘Road to Le Mans’ Trailer
09/14Michael to Star in ‘Next Goal Wins’
06/19Michael Fassbender to Produce & Star in ‘Malko’
Cookies Policy
In order for this site to work properly, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device, like most big websites do this too. This page aims to provide you more information about cookies; what they are, how this website uses them, how third-parties may use them from this website, and your choices regarding cookies. To learn more about how this may affect your privacy, visit our Privacy Policy page.
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another.
How do we use cookies?
A number of our pages use cookies to remember your display preferences, such as contrast colour settings or font size, links to this site’s posts and pages you have already visited, and if you have agreed (or not) to our use of cookies on this site.
Some videos embedded in our pages use a cookie to anonymously gather statistics on how you got there and what videos you visited.
The contact and comment forms may make use of cookies, but these are not strictly necessary as both are user-preference functions.
Advertisements displayed by Google Adsense make use of cookies. This is further explained in our Privacy Policy page.
Enabling these cookies is not strictly necessary for the website to work, but it will provide you with a better browsing experience. You can delete or block these cookies, but if you do that some features of this site may not work as intended.
The cookie-related information is not used to identify you personally and the pattern data is fully under our control. These cookies are not used for any purpose other than those described here.
How to control cookies
You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish – for details, see aboutcookies.org. You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.
Welcome to Fassbender Lane your newest online resource dedicated to German-Irish actor Michael Fassbender. Michael has starred in films such as Shame, 12 Years a Slave, the X-Men film series, Steve Jobs, Assassin's Creed, and more. Here at Fassbender Lane, you'll find all the latest news, photos, videos, and more on Michael. Please take a look around the site and visit again soon!
Advertisement
Current Projects
Alien: Covenant
UpdatesPhotosOfficialIMDb
The crew of the colony ship Covenant, bound for a remote planet on the far side of the galaxy, discovers what they think is an uncharted paradise, but is actually a dark, dangerous world. When they uncover a threat beyond their imagination, they must attempt a harrowing escape.
Song to Song
UpdatesPhotosOfficialIMDb
In this modern love story set against the Austin, Texas music scene, two entangled couples — struggling songwriters Faye and BV, and music mogul Cook and the waitress whom he ensnares — chase success through a rock 'n' roll landscape of seduction and betrayal.
The Snowman
UpdatesPhotosIMDb
Detective Harry Hole investigates the disappearance of a woman whose pink scarf is found wrapped around an ominous-looking snowman.
Choice Affiliates
Featured GIF
© rachelmcadamses
Site Information    Owner: Jasper   Founder: Emily
Established: March 18, 2016
Visits:
Online:
Contact: mail | form
Fassbender Lane is an unofficial fansite run by fans and is in no way affiliated with Michael Fassbender, his management, or any representation there of. We take no ownership rights to any photos, media or information posted on the site. No copyright infringement is ever intended. If you feel any of the material rightfully belongs to you and want them removed, please contact us before taking any legal action. All original graphics and content belong to Fassbender Lane. Video captures and magazine scans are provided by or exclusively to Michael-Fassbender.net (unless stated otherwise) so please give us proper credit when redistributing them elsewhere.
Donations The site is no longer under free hosting, so if you’re interested in helping keep the site alive, please consider giving a donation. Any amount, no matter how small, will be greatly appreciated and will be credited on a page (unless you prefer to keep your donation private.) All donations will go to domain renewals, acquiring HQ photos for the gallery, and monthly hosting bills. Thank you!
Back to topDesignCookies PolicyPrivacy Policy