http://www.shots.net/privacy
theAwards
Europe
Americas
theWork
theCraft
theTalent
theInspiration
theNews
theInsight
theShowcase
theFocus
theWork
The best new work, curated by shots.
theCraft
Q&As and behind-the-scenes.
theTalent
The people who make the spots you love.
theInspiration
Inspiration for creative minds.
theNews
Industry moves and breaking campaigns.
theInsight
Thought-pieces and opinions.
theShowcase
Showreels and monthly round-ups.
theFocus
Our monthly digital magazine.
Information
shots Awards Europe
shots Awards Americas
shots Presents
Source Membership
About Shots
Newsletter
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This is the Privacy Policy page.
Privacy Policy for Shots
Extreme Reach, Inc.; Extreme Reach Talent, Inc; Extreme Reach Services Group, LLC; CMC Crew Services, Inc; and Extreme Reach Payroll Solutions, Inc.; Slate and Extreme Reach UK Limited business (collectively “Extreme Reach” or “Shots” “our,” “we” or “us”) is committed to respecting your privacy. are committed to respecting and protecting your privacy.
This policy describes how Shots collects, uses, discloses, stores and otherwise processes information.
Information We Collect
Shots collects contact information from individual users or their employers so that we can distribute daily and/or weekly emails or other communications.
We do not collect personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data, data concerning health, data concerning sex life or sexual orientation, or data concerning criminal activity.
Information you provide us
We collect information, including personal information that you provide us voluntarily.
For example:
Your first and last name, email address, and password associated with your Shots accountAny postal address, phone number, fax number, company name, etc. associated with the company licensing Shots
Information Collected Via Technology
Shots collects IP addresses from visitors to the Shots site, and also logs non-personally-identifiable information, including aggregate user data, and browser type, from users and visitors to the site.
How Collected Data Is Used
Shots uses information about people associated with various commercial assets to facilitate sourcing of creative production personnel by creative companies.
Where you have given your consent or where we have a justifiable reason for doing so (where permitted by law) we will use your information to send you the latest industry news and updates along with other information about our products and services, that may be of interest to you.
Information Disclosed to Outside Parties
Shots discloses information to third-parties in order to facilitate hiring for commercial productions. This disclosure is generally helpful and welcomed by those whose information we disclose, as it allows for a variety of career opportunities.
Shots may also disclose personal information to our third-party vendors and service providers that work with us. We will only share personal information to these vendors and service providers to help us provide a product or service to you or our customers.
We do not otherwise sell, trade, or transfer collected information to outside parties, unless we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
How We Protect Your Information
Security of all information is of the utmost importance for Shots. We use technical and physical safeguards to protect the security of your personal and confidential information from unauthorized disclosure.
We require that our third party service providers (1) use confidential information only to perform their obligations, and (2) otherwise maintain the confidentiality of such information. These third party service providers and channel partners are expected to maintain privacy and security protections that are consistent with Shots’s privacy and information security policies.
Transparency and Choice
Some web browsers (including some mobile web browsers) provide settings that allow you to control or reject cookies or to alert you when a cookie is placed on your computer, tablet or mobile device. Although you are not required to accept cookies, if you block or reject them, if you are also a Source Creative customer you may not see all the benefits of our Source Creative integration. For more information, visit the help page for your web browser.
GDPR
Shots is committed to protecting your data in compliance with the  General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR).  Our Data Privacy Officer and all other manners of privacy concerns can be contacted/addressed at privacy@extremereach.com.
Should you have any issues with how we handle your data, we request that you contact us first so that we can make every effort to address your concerns. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
The legal basis for collecting and processing your data is “legitimate interest” based on the need for basic user information regarding those individuals using our services.
International TransfersWe receive data from customers wherever they sign in to our application globally. We store and process data in the United States, Canada and the UK, depending on customer location. Shots data accessed by customers internationally may be transferred by such customers.
Privacy Shield Compliance
Extreme Reach complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union to the United States. Extreme Reach has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Extreme Reach commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. EU individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact Extreme Reach at: privacy@extremereach.com
Extreme Reach has further committed to cooperate with the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) with regard to unresolved Privacy Shield complaints concerning human resources data transferred from the EU in the context of the employment relationship.
Extreme Reach is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) with respect to its use of your data. Under certain conditions, you may have the right to invoke binding arbitration regarding your privacy rights.
If Extreme Reach wrongly transfers your private data to third parties, it may be liable to you for damages.
For more information on how we comply with Privacy Shield, see our Privacy Shield Supplemental Policy.
Children
Shots recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy and safety of children. Our services are primarily directed towards working adults and are not directed towards children. We do not knowingly collect information about children under the age of 13. A parent or guardian of a child may contact us at privacy@extremereach.com to request that we delete such information. Please do not sign up for our newsletter if you are under the age of 18.
Data retention
We retain data we collect as part of our Shots services. We may be obligated to retain data for contractual or regulatory reasons. To request that we delete your data, please contact privacy@extremereach.com.
Changes to This Policy
Shots reserves the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time without notice (except when legally obligated to provide notice). Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised version on our website.
Opt-out
We only process information that is public and/or industry knowledge, has been provided to us from your employer, or has been provided by you.
You can opt-out from inclusion in our databases by contacting Shots at privacy@extremereach.com or as per Contact Information section below.
CCPA
If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. To learn more about your California privacy rights, visit https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/privacy-laws. To further define how the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) impacts CPLLC, we have the following Supplemental Privacy Statement for California Consumers under CCPA.
INTRODUCTION
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) of 2018, as amended, imposes new privacy obligations on certain businesses that collect and use California residents’ personal information. This Supplemental Privacy Policy for California explains rights that California consumers may have under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”).   When we use the term “personal information” in this supplement, we are using that term as CCPA defines it, which CCPA generally defines “personal information” to mean information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household. However, personal information does not include publicly available, deidentified, or aggregate consumer information (which are all defined in CCPA). Notably, the definition of “personal information” also does not apply to the collection of personal information from job applicants, employees – whether you are our employee or any employee of the entity arranging access to our Services for you, business owners, directors, officers, medical staff, or contractors.   Where we act as a “business” under CCPA (meaning we determine the manner and reasons for why we process your personal information), we may be required to disclose the categories of personal information we collect, the sources where we obtain that information, the purposes for why we collect that information, and who we share that information – all of which depends on the specific Service.
Shots obtains the following categories of personal information from individual users or their employers: identifiers, commercial information, internet or other similar network activity, geolocation data, professional or employment-related information. Information is collected for the purposes described in the How Collected Data Is Used section above. We use and share personal information as described in the Information Disclosed to Outside Parties section above. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
YOUR CCPA PRIVACY RIGHTS
The CCPA provides California residents (consumers) with specific rights regarding their personal information. If you are a resident of California and are not a job applicant, employee, or employee of another company interacting with us in your job role, you have the right to request what the specific pieces and categories of personal information we collect, use, and disclose. You may also request that we delete your personal information. You may also request the sources of personal information collected about you and the purpose for collecting the personal information.  The CCPA also gives California residents the right to stop the “sale” of their personal  information through a mechanism called “Do Not Sell My Personal Information.” To exercise any rights under CCPA, click here.
Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services;Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties; Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Contact Information
If you wish to update your personal information, please email us at shots@extremereach.com. To change your email marketing preferences you can contact us at shots@extremereach.com or choose ‘update your preferences’ at the bottom of any email from us.
You can contact privacy@extremereach.com or 1800-324-5672 if you have questions about this privacy policy, or for requests related to your privacy rights.
Last updated: July 2020 to include Privacy Shield Compliance information
shots is giving you a gift this holiday season!
<path d="M0 0v140h140V0H0zM128.5 128.5h-117v-117h117V128.5zM31.3 75.7c-2.6 0-4.8-0.7-7-1.8l-1.8 4c2.1 1.4 5.2 2.3 8.4 2.3 4.5 0 8.2-1.6 8.2-6.3 0-4-3.1-5.3-6.7-6.5 -3.6-1.1-4.2-1.5-4.2-2.3 0-0.9 0.6-1.3 2.7-1.3 1.7 0 3.9 0.5 5.9 1.6l1.7-4.2c-2.1-1.2-4.9-2-7.4-2 -4.7 0-8 1.8-8 6 0 4.2 3.1 5.4 7.9 6.9 2.2 0.7 2.9 1.1 2.9 2C34 75.2 33.4 75.7 31.3 75.7zM48.6 68.8c0-3.5 1.3-4.6 3.4-4.6 2.2 0 3.4 1.1 3.4 4.7v10.9h5.3V68.5c0-5.7-2.3-9.2-7.4-9.2 -2.1 0-3.8 0.8-4.7 1.8v-9.1l-5.3 2.6v25.3h5.3V68.8zM73 80.2c5.2 0 9.1-4.3 9.1-10.4 0-6.2-3.9-10.5-9.1-10.5 -5.2 0-9.1 4.3-9.1 10.5C64 76 67.8 80