http://www.jenshankman.com/privacy
×
Opinion
Features
Speed Reads
5 THINGS TO KNOW
Popular
Authors
Magazine
World
U.S.
Politics
Business
Tech
Science
Arts
Books
Life
Parenting
Photos
Video
Cartoons
Puzzles
Newsletters
Authors
Menu×
Subscribe and save
Subscribe now for less than $2 an issue
The Week magazine tells you all you need to know about everything that matters. Subscribe today for less than $2 an issue.
Subscribe & save
Give a gift
Digital subscription
Subscribe
Sign up for our free email newsletters
Opinion
Edit
In praise of permanence
Leslie
Turnbull
iStock.
September 11, 2017
ADVERTISEMENT
Sign Up for
Our free email newsletters
10 things you need to know today
Today's best articles
Today's top cartoons
The good news newsletter
The week's best photojournalism
Daily business briefing
Daily gossip newsletter
Parenting newsletter
Solving COVID newsletter
The week's big question  NEW
Call me old school. Heck, go ahead and call me flat-out "old." I started wearing cheater glasses a few years back, and lately, social media feeds me advertisements for life insurance and other products designed to enhance the geriatric experience. Where I used to get plugs for sexy lingerie and the latest surf technology, now I'm being encouraged to buy old LPs and "adult underwear." (Not that I need the latter. Most of the time. Only when I laugh. Or sneeze. Or both.)
So … yeah. I'll own the old. My friends and I are fading a little around the edges. Our faces read like exquisite maps of experience (and probably a little too much time without sunscreen). Some of us even admit to the occasional need for a nap. (I fall into this category, by the way. I love me a good daytime snooze. It helps me stay awake later than 9 p.m.)
But before I put my second foot in the grave … and before I call you all "pesky young people" and order you off my Global-Warming-desiccated lawn … I'd like to make an impassioned plea for permanence.
And by "permanence," I mean "lasting."
Instead of high-flying start-ups that make a small handful of people unimaginably rich before casting them, Icarus-like, into the flames of oblivion, why not throw your intelligence, education, and investment potential into a slow-burning cauldron of long-term gain and financial improvement?
Instead of hopping online to make transitory contact with folks who might (or might not) share your very real interests, why not go out and actually do those things? Chances are, you will meet people genuinely interested in kiteboarding, nuclear physics, naked chess, or whatever else you are into. Those friendships will endure.
More and more, American consumers are shopping at seasonal, come-and-go "pop-up" and stores and some online venues designed to serve our short-term perceived desires, even while they deny us the goods we might actually need, as opposed to the ones some algorithm has told us we "want."
Instead of glorifying the benefits of swiping right for an evening that might turn out to be more fraught than unfettered fun, why not invest your body and soul in a relationship that will ultimately prove more satisfying?
While convenient to our current norms, the recent rise of transitory, fly-by-night vehicles of human interaction might be robbing us of the practices and close connections that thousands of years of evolution have conditioned us to crave and might actually help us live longer, more fulfilling lives.
That is what I — old lady that I am — would wish for all of you. Permanently.
Try 6 Risk-Free issues of The Week
SEE DETAILS
ADVERTISEMENT
SHARE!
More from Leslie Turnbull
See All
I love dogs. But can we stop pretending they should get to go everywhere with us?
Leslie Turnbull
Gardening is great
Leslie Turnbull
America's Maenad moment
Leslie Turnbull
Most popular
See All
1
7 criminally funny cartoons about Trump's potential pardon spree
The Week Staff
2
Why Trump supporters won't accept election results
Matthew Walther
3
The GOP is driving itself mad
Damon Linker
Around the web
Powered By Dianomi
More about The Week
Subscribe
Subscriber login
Give a gift
Classroom subscriptions
Newsletters
RSS
Do not sell my information
Subscribe
Subscriber login
Give a gift
Classroom subscriptions
Newsletters
RSS
Do not sell my information
Privacy policy
Terms & conditions
The Week UK
Customer service
Contact us
Accessibility
Ad info
Privacy policy
Terms & conditions
The Week UK
Customer service
Contact us
Accessibility
Ad info
® 2020 The Week Publications Inc., All rights reserved.