http://www.kids4classics.com/privacy.php
Home
Author Index
Title Index
Our Blog
Homeschool Stuff
Our Store
About Us
Kids4Classics Privacy Policy
Kids4Classics.com
has created this privacy policy in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: Kids4Classics.com
Information Automatically Logged
We collect aggregate, non-identifying data whenever a particular online book is accessed or downloaded. We do this to provide you with popularity information about our ebooks and to help us determine new content to add to our site.
Advertisers
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information. All cookie data is non-identifying information.
Personal Information
This Web site only requests personal information (optional) for certain promotional events. This personal information will only be used in the administration of the event and for no other purpose. We do not share, rent or sell this information with any third parties.
No personal is information is required nor gathered from visitors who do not participate in the special promotional events..
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. Kids4Classics.com
is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. Each externally linked website has its own individual privacy policy.
Public Forums
This site may make use of public forums and/or
message boards, and may make all content available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact: webmaster@kids4classics
Kids4Classics Home   |   Favorite Links   |
Homeschool
Articles  |   Coupons & Discounts  |   Link to Us  |   Contact Us
Teacher Resources | Shop at our Bookstore! | Support us by Shopping Online | Kid's Stuff Online
Terms of Use | Privacy | About Kids4Classics
Copyright © 2004-2020 Kids4Classics.com All rights reserved.