https://www.animevortex.net/html/legal.php
Animevortex is hosted by Poc Network
Thursday, December 10th 2020
Make a donation using PayPal!  |  Online Store  |  Windows 8 Themed Browser Homepage  |  The Chat Room (IRC)
SOMETHING WILL BE
HERE IN THIS AREA SOON
JUST NOT NOW
News
Online Chat
Forums
Store
Events
Wallpaper Gallery
Anime Memes
Music Videos
Fanart Gallery
Cosplay & Pics
File Downloads
Anime Reviews
General Discussion
Series Specific
OST & Jpop
Manga
Humor
Licensed
Anime
Channel
Info
Channel
Rules
The
Crew !
Contact
(more)
TheSa|nt
SteelOnyx70
Request a Blog!
Legal Disclaimer
All anime/images copyright of
thier respective owners, and Animevortex does not claim ownership. This
includes any anime series/movie mentioned here on this site, any images
from these anime, and any music, quotes, etc from these anime.
All images/contents/logos/webdesign/etc designed by Poc Network, LLC and
are ©Copyright Animevortex, all rights reserved. Animevortex, #Animevortex, Animevortex
Online, and Vortex Productions (non-label) are TN's/TM's of Poc Network
Vortex Productions music/record
label is © Copyright 2005 & TN - DJ Vortex (Hollywood, CA -
Durante)
Animevortex, it's developer or any of its affiliates are not responsible for any user-posted content. If any material contained on this site is against any ©Copyright
laws, or if the origonal owner of that image/anime/music would prefer
the element removed from this site, please send your inquiry using the contact section and the wishes of these "legal" owners will
be granted. Contact us for all other legal inquiries.
Acceptable Use Policy (AUP)
Animevortex provides various services to create this community, and we have a responsibility to protect each community member and user, and to provide the best services available. We believe these are fair and any normal site should have no problems following them. The following guidelines were established to ensure these obligations are met. We haven't randomly thought of these rules, they are rules that have been put in place from experience as server administrators which we know make our servers perform better. If you have a question about them please feel free to contact us.
Animevortex and its admins/moderators will be the sole arbiter as to what constitutes a violation of this provision.
Server Abuse:
Any attempt to undermine or cause harm to our servers, members, or affiliates is strictly prohibited. These attempts can include DOS attacks or hacking.
Refusal of Service:
We reserve the right to refuse, block, or suspend access to our website and/or services at our sole discretion.
Illegal use:
Animevortex's services may not be used for illegal purposes, or in support of illegal activities. Animevortex claims no responsibility for any content posted by users/members.
Harm to minors:
Use of the Animevortex services to harm, or attempt to harm, minors in any way, including, but not limited to child pornography or child abuse is strictly prohibited, and will be reported to the proper authorities.
Harassment:
Use of the Animevortex services to transmit any material (by e-mail, uploading, posting or otherwise) that harasses another is strictly prohibited.
Fraudulent activity:
Use of Animevortex services to make fraudulent offers to sell or buy products, items, or services, or to advance any type of financial scam such as "pyramid schemes," "ponzi schemes," and "chain letters." is strictly prohibited. Any form of advertising that has not been approved by Animevortex is also prohibited.
Unauthorized access:
Use of the Animevortex services to access, or to attempt to access, the accounts of others, or to penetrate, or attempt to penetrate, security measures of Animevortex's or another entity's computer software or hardware, electronic communications system, or telecommunications system, whether or not the intrusion results in the corruption or loss of data, is expressly prohibited and will result in that user being permanently banned from the website and services (as well as notification being sent to the proper authorities).
Copyright or trademark infringement:
Animevortex, its members or any affiliates are not responsible for the use of the
services to transmit any material (by e-mail, uploading, posting, IRC or otherwise) that infringes any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret or other proprietary rights of any third party, including, but not limited to, the unauthorized copying of copyrighted material, the digitization and distribution of photographs from magazines, books, or other copyrighted sources, and the unauthorized transmittal of copyrighted software. Materials may be removed by the legal owners request.
Network disruptions and unfriendly activity:
Use of the Animevortex services for any activity which affects the ability of other people or systems to use Animevortex services or the Internet. This includes "denial of service" (DOS) attacks against another network host or individual user. Interference with or disruption of other network users, services or equipment is prohibited.
Any type of Subscriber may not, through action or inaction, allow others to access or use their account for illegal or inappropriate actions. Unauthorized entry and/or use of another company and/or individual's computer system will result in immediate ban from the website and services. Animevortex will not tolerate any subscriber attempting to access the accounts of others, or penetrate security measures of other systems, whether or not the intrusion results in corruption or loss of data.
Distribution of Viruses:
Intentional distributions of software that attempts to and/or causes damage, harassment, or annoyance to persons, data, and/or computer systems are prohibited. Such an offense will result in an immediate ban from the website and services.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY:
Animevortex, its members or any affiliates shall not be responsible for any claimed damages, including incidental and consequential damages, which may arise from Animevortex servers going off-line or being unavailable for any reason whatsoever, copyright or any related violations due to user-posted content, or any other questionable user-posted content. Furthermore, Animevortex, its member or any affiliates shall not be responsible for any claimed damages, including incidental or consequential damages, resulting from the corruption or deletion of any information.
Violations of these Acceptable Uses Policies should be reported to us via the contact section.
All complaints will be investigated promptly.
Failure to follow any term or condition may or will be grounds for immediate termination of access to the website and services.
Privacy Statement for Animevortex
Animevortex.net has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: Animevortex.net
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site.
Advertisers
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information.
Personal Information
We do not share any personal information ever collected from this web site with any 3rd party.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. Animevortex.net is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, you can contact us through the contact section.
Animevortex COPPA Policy
In order to comply with the Children's Online Protection Privacy Act, effective April 21 2000, Animevortex has a policy on how we deal with information relating to minors.
Animevortex has a diverse user base, with many readers aged under 13. We may ask for your email address without prior consent from your parents:
In order to allow one-time communication with a person, after which time the email address will be deleted.
To protect your safety while participating in the site.
To protect the security or liability of the site or in response to law enforcement.
Before asking for any other information, or asking for your email address for any other reason, we ask that you have confirmed permission with your parents. If we are in any doubt over the validity of this permission, it may be confirmed by asking for a:
Signed form, via post.
Telephone confirmation.
Digital signature.
Giving your email address may be essential to contact you for some contests or to communicate between staff and users. However, generally, an email address or any other form of contact information is not needed to access the site. We highly recommend that you do not give away your identity: this may include:
Not giving out your name (by using a "screen name", dissimilar to your actual name), email address, address, phone number or any identifiable information in Animevortex Chat or in the comments form. These areas are open to the public and we have no way of verifying the identification of users.
Never agreeing to meet anyone you meet via Animevortex or any website suggested by Animevortex without seeking permision from your parents/guardians and being accompanied by a responsible adult.
Animevortex does not gather any information from you via cookies, except a non-identifiable cookie in order to determine your preferred layout. However, our advertisers may use cookies and we cannot control their policies (nor are we responsible for the information collected by them).
If you are a parent or guardian and wish for any information about your child to be disclosed to you or removed from Animevortex, please contact any member of staff via the contact section.
This policy is intended to protect children while using Animevortex, whilst still allowing them to participate as much as possible. Any information collected from any person will not be more than is reasonably necessary to participate in an activity as a condition of participation. No information collected will be disclosed to third parties, unless approved by us: if so, this will be clearly mentioned (e.g. partners in competions, etc.).
This policy applies if you are 13 or under. Any user found to be falsely claiming to be an age that they are not (either older or younger than their real age), if disclosed, may be banned from further participation and your activity may be reported to your ISP or a relevant law authority, who may take further action at their discretion, if they deem it appropriate.
Enter
Drawings
Drawings Rules
Anime Trivia
Download
Updates
FAQ's
Forum
ScreenShots
Affiliates
Awards
Won
Support
Us :)
Link To
Us
Advertise
© Copyright 1999-2020
- All Rights Reserved - Vortex Productions
[ Website designed by Poc
Network | Webmaster | Legal/AUP/Privacy/Coppa Policy ]
Affiliates: