https://www.bobartlett.com/privacy-policy
ABOUT
PAINTINGS
MESSAGE
OUTREACH
RABBIT HOLE
VIDEO
FILM RADIO PRINTS STUFF CONTACT PRIVACY POLICY
Terms
This website is owned and operated by Bo Bartlett INC. When you visit or use this website you are automatically agreeing that your access to the site and your use of it are: subject to terms and conditions, subject to applicable laws and undertaken at your own risk.
All content included on the site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio, data compilations and software, is the property of Bo Bartlett INC or it's content suppliers and protected under the standard copyright laws and Digtial Millennium Copyright Act.
Bo Bartlett INC, Bo Bartlett INC logos, and any other Bo Bartlett INC graphics are trademarks, registered trademarks or trade dress of Bo Bartlett INC, regardless if they appear with the ™ or ® symbol.  Bo Bartlett INC trademarks or trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Bo Bartlett INC.
All items purchased from Bo Bartlett INC are made in accordance with a shipment contract. This means that if an item is lost in transit the carrier becomes responsible.
Bo Bartlett INC attempts to be as accurate as possible.  Unfortunately, it is not possible to ensure that any website is free of human and technical errors.  If a product offered by Bo Bartlett INC is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition for store credit within the return policies parameters.  A small number of items may be mis-priced.  We reserve the right to correct any errors or inaccuracies including after an order has been submitted.
Please review all our policies.  We reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, and terms of conditions at any time. If you have any questions, concerns or suggestions please contact us at info@bobartlett.com.
Privacy
This privacy policy sets out how Bo Bartlett INC uses and protects any information that you give Bo Bartlett INC when you use this website. Bo Bartlett INC is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Bo Bartlett INC may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
WHAT WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION WE GATHER
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
We may use the information to improve our products and services
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
SECURITY
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable, physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information I collect online.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
CONTROLLING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing info@bobartlett.com.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which I hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to 1506 6th Ave #102 Columbus, GA 31901
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
COOKIES    Effective June 4, 2018.
This Cookie Policy describes how we use cookies and similar technologies to provide, customize, evaluate, improve, promote and protect our Services. If you have any comments or questions about this Cookie Policy, feel free to contact info@bobartlett.com.
Cookies. Cookies are small pieces of text sent to your browser when you visit a site. They serve a variety of functions, like enabling us to remember certain information you provide to us as you navigate between pages on the Services. We use cookies on the website and mobile applications for the following purposes:
Performance And Analytics. Cookies help us analyze how the Services are being accessed and used, and enable us to track performance of the Services. For example, we use cookies to determine if you viewed a page. This helps us provide you with information that you find interesting.
Third Parties. Third Party Services may use cookies to help you sign into their services from our Services. Any such third party cookie usage is governed by the policy of the third party placing the cookie.
Opting Out. You can set your browser to not accept cookies, but this may limit your ability to use the Services. We currently don’t respond to DNT:1 signals from browsers visiting our Services. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based ads from certain ad networks here (or if located in the European Union, here).
Device Identifiers. We use device identifiers to track, analyze and improve the performance of our Services.
Check Your Cookies
You can see which cookies are active in your browser’s settings. For help, visit your browser’s documentation:
Chrome
Firefox
Safari
Internet Explorer
We may update this Cookie Policy from time to time. When we make changes, we’ll update the “Effective Date” at the top of the Cookie Policy and post it on our sites. We encourage you to check back periodically to review this Cookie Policy for any changes since your last visit.