http://www.mclean-symphony.org/privacy-policy
Member Home
Resources
0 Items
donate
sign-up
tickets
Home
Who We Are
Calendar
Sponsors
Support
Home
Season
Who We Are
Sponsors
Support
donate
sign-up
Tickets
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
The McLean Symphony (TMS) Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority.  The Statement of Privacy applies to The McLean Symphony and its website, mclean-symphony.org and governs data collection and usage.  For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to The McLean Symphony include mclean-symphony.org, TMS, and mclean-symphony-org.  The TMS website provides TMS news, information and ticket sales.  By using the TMS website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
In order to better provide you with products and services offered on our site, TMS may collect personally identifiable information, such as your:
First and Last Name
Mailing Address
E-mail Address
Phone Number
If you purchase TMS’s products and services, we collect billing and credit card information via third-party payment sites.  This information is used to complete the purchase transaction.
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us.  However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site.  These may include (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest; (c) signing up for special offers (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products or services on our Site.  To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us.  We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Use of your Personal Information
TMS collects and uses your personal information to operate its website and deliver the services you have requested.
TMS may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from TMS.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
TMS does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties
TMS may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or portal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries.  All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to TMS, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
TMS may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on TMS or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights of property of TMS; (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of TMS, or the public.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by TMS.  This information can include; your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses.  The information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the TMS website.
Links
This website contains links to other sites.  Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content of privacy practices of such other sites.  We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Security of your Personal Information
TMS secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.  TMS uses the following methods for this purpose:
SSL Protocol
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access of or alteration of your personal information.  Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.
Children Under Thirteen
TMS does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
E-mail Communication
From time to time, TMS may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication.
If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from TMS, you may opt out of such communications by clicking on the UNSUBSCRIBE button.
Changes to this Statement
TMS reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page.  Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgement of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Contact Information
TMS welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that TMS has not adhered to this Statement, please contact TMS at:
The McLean Symphony
1350 Beverly Road, Suite 115-172
McLean, VA 22101
Email Address: mail@mclean-symphony.org
Telephone number: 703-831-7165
Effective as of September 9, 2018
Terms of Use
Introduction
Site Terms of Service, an Enforceable Legal Agreement.
As of September 5, 2018
These Terms of Service and our privacy policy (together the “Terms”) govern all use of mclean-symphony.org and that site’s services (together the “Site” or “Services”). The Site is owned by The McLean Symphony.
The owners and contributors to the Site will be referred to as “we,” “us,” or “our” in these Terms. By using the Site or its Services, and/or by clicking anywhere on this Site to agree to these Terms, you are deemed to be a “user” for purposes of the Terms. You and every other user (“you” or “User” as applicable) are bound by these Terms. You and each user also agree to the Terms by using the Services. If any User does not agree to the Terms or the Privacy Policy, such User may not access the Site or use the Services. In these Terms, the word “Site” includes the site referenced above, its owner(s), contributors, suppliers, licensors, and other related parties.
User Prohibited From Illegal Uses
User shall not use, and shall not allow any person to use, the Site or Services in any way that violates a federal, state, or local law, regulation, or ordinance, or for any disruptive, tortious, or illegal purpose, including but not limited to harassment, slander, defamation, data theft or inappropriate dissemination, or improper surveillance of any person.
User represents and warrants that:
User will use the Services only as provided in these Terms;
User is at least 18 years old and has all right, authority, and capacity to agree to these Terms;
User will provide accurate, complete, and current information to the Site and its owner(s);
User will notify the Site and its owner(s) regarding any material change to information User provides, either by updating and correcting the information, or by alerting the Site and its owner(s) via the functions of the Site or the email address provided below.
Disclaimer of Warranties
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE SITE PROVIDES THE SERVICES “AS IS,” WITH ALL FAULTS. THE SITE DOES NOT WARRANT UNINTERRUPTED USE OR OPERATION OF THE SERVICES, OR THAT ANY DATA WILL BE TRANSMITTED IN A MANNER THAT IS TIMELY, UNCORRUPTED, FREE OF INTERFERENCE, OR SECURE. THE SITE DISCLAIMS REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, WRITTEN, ORAL, CONTRACTUAL, COMMON LAW, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES, DUTIES, OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR THAT MAY ARISE FROM A COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE.
Liability Is Limited
THE SITE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOST PROFITS (REGARDLESS OF WHETHER WE HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED THAT SUCH LOSS MAY OCCUR) OR EXPOSURE TO ANY THIRD PARTY CLAIMS BY REASON OF ANY ACT OR OMISSION. THE SITE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY ACT OR OMISSION OF ANY THIRD PARTY INVOLVED WITH THE SERVICES, SITE OFFERS, OR ANY ACT BY SITE USERS. THE SITE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM ANY SERVICE PROVIDED BY, OR PRODUCT OR DEVICE MANUFACTURED BY, THIRD PARTIES.
NOTWITHSTANDING ANY DAMAGES THAT USER MAY SUFFER FOR ANY REASON, THE ENTIRE LIABILITY OF THE SITE IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE OR SERVICES, AND ANY PARTY’S EXCLUSIVE REMEDY, SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT, IF ANY, ACTUALLY PAID BY USER TO THE SITE OWNER DURING THE 12 MONTHS PRIOR TO THE EVENT THAT USER CLAIMS CAUSED THE DAMAGES.
The Site shall not be liable for any damages incurred as a result of any loss, disclosure, or third party use of information, regardless of whether such disclosure or use is with or without User’s knowledge or consent. The Site shall have no liability for any damages related to: User’s actions or failures to act, the acts or omissions of any third party, including but not limited to any telecommunications service provider, or events or causes beyond the Site’s reasonable control. The Site has no obligations whatever, and shall have no liability to, any third party who is not a User bound by these Terms. Limitations, exclusions, and disclaimers in these Terms shall apply to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, even if any remedy fails its essential purpose.
Third party products, links, and actions
The Site may include or offer third party products or services. The Site may also have other users or members who interact with each other, through the Site, elsewhere online, or in person. These third party products and any linked sites have separate and independent terms of service and privacy policies. We have no control or responsibility for the content and activities of these linked sites, sellers, and third parties in general, regardless of whether you first were introduced or interacted with such businesses, services, products, and people through the Site, and therefore you agree that we are not liable for any of them. We do, however, welcome any feedback about these sites, sellers, other users or members, and third parties.
Changes to the Site and the Services
The owners and contributors to the Site will work to improve the Site for our users, and to further our business interests in the Site. We reserve the right to add, change, and remove features, content, and data, including the right to add or change any pricing terms. You agree that we will not be liable for any such changes. Neither your use of the Site nor these terms give you any right, title, nor protectable legal interest in the Site or its content.
Indemnity
If your activity or any activity on your behalf creates potential or actual liability for us, or for any of our users, partners, or contributors, you agree to indemnify and hold us and any such user, partner, contributor, or any agent harmless from and against all claims, costs of defense and judgment, liabilities, legal fees, damages, losses, and other expenses in relation to any claims or actions arising out of or relating to your use of the Site, or any breach by you of these Terms of Use.
Intellectual Property
This site and some delivery modes of our product are built on the WordPress platform. For information about intellectual property rights, including General Public License (“GPL”) terms under which the WordPress software is licensed, see here: https://wordpress.org/about/license/.
The Site grants User a revocable, non-transferable, and non-exclusive license to use the Site solely in connection with the Site and the Services, under these Terms.
Copyright in all content and works of authorship included in the Site are the property of the Site or its licensors. Apart from links which lead to the Site, accurately attributed social media references, and de minimus text excerpts with links returning to the Site, no text, images, video or audio recording, or any other content from the Site shall be copied without explicit and detailed, written permission from the Site’s owner. User shall not sublicense or otherwise transfer any rights or access to the Site or related Services to any other person.
The names and logos used by the Site, and all other trademarks, service marks, and trade names used in connection with the Services are owned by the Site or its licensors and may not be used by User without written consent of the rights owners. Use of the Site does not in itself give any user any license, consent, or permission, unless and then only to the extent granted explicitly in these Terms.
All rights not expressly granted in these Terms are reserved by the Site.
Privacy
Any information that you provide to the Site is subject to the Site’s Privacy Policy, which governs our collection and use of User information. User understands that through his or her use of the Site and its Services, User consents to the collection and use (as set forth in the Privacy Policy) of the information, including the transfer of this information to the United States and/or other countries for storage, processing and use by the Site. The Site may make certain communications to some or all Users, such as service announcements and administrative messages. These communications are considered part of the Services and a User’s account with the Site, and Users are not able to opt out of all of them.
Usernames, Passwords, and Profiles
If prompted, Users must provide a valid email address to the Site, at which email address the User can receive messages. User must also update the Site if that email address changes. The Site reserves the right to terminate any User account and/or User access to the Site if a valid email is requested but is not provided by the User.
If the Site prompts or allows a User to create a username or profile, Users agree not to pick a username or provide any profile information that would impersonate someone else or that is likely to cause confusion with any other person or entity. The Site reserves the right to cancel a User account or to change a username or profile data at any time. Similarly, if the Site allows comments or user input, or prompts or allows a User to create an avatar or upload a picture, User agrees not to use any image that impersonates some other person or entity, or that is otherwise likely to cause confusion.
You are responsible for protecting your username and password for the Site, and you agree not to disclose it to any third party. We recommend that you use a password that is more than eight characters long. You are responsible for all activity on your account, whether or not you authorized it. You agree to inform us of unauthorized use of your account, by email to themcleansymphony@gmail.com. You acknowledge that if you wish to protect your interactions with the Site, it is your responsibility to use a secure encrypted connection, virtual private network, or other appropriate measures. The Site’s own security measures are reasonable in terms of their level of protection, but are not helpful if the interactions of you or any other User with Site are not secure or private.
Disputes
We are based in Fairfax County, VA and you are contracting to use our Site. These Terms and all matters arising from your use of the Site are governed by and will be construed according to the laws of Fairfax County, VA, without regard to any choice of laws rules of any jurisdiction. The federal courts and state courts that have geographical jurisdiction over disputes arising at our office location in the Fairfax County, VA will be the only permissible venues for any and all disputes arising out of or in connection with these Terms or the Site and Service.
ARBITRATION
Notwithstanding anything that may be contrary within the “Disputes” provisions above, all matters, and all arbitrable claims within a multi-claim matter, including all claims for monetary damages, shall be decided by a single arbitrator to be selected by us, which arbitrator shall hold hearings in or near Fairfax County, VA, under the rules of the American Arbitration Association.
General
These Terms, including the incorporated Privacy Policy, supersede all oral or written communications and understandings between User and the Site.
Any cause of action User may have relating to the Site or the Services must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises.
Both parties waive the right to a jury trial in any dispute relating to the Terms, the Site, or the Services.
If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any aspect of the Terms to be unenforceable, the Terms shall be enforced to the maximum extent permissible, to give effect to the intent of the Terms, and the remainder of the Terms shall continue in full force and effect.
User may not assign his or her rights or delegate his or her responsibilities under these Terms or otherwise relating to the Site or its Services.
There shall be no third party beneficiaries under these Terms, except for the Site’s affiliates, suppliers, and licensors, or as required by law.
Use of the Site and its Services is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these Terms, including without limitation this paragraph.
The failure of the Site to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of that right or provision.
Terms Contact
If you have any questions about these Terms, please address them to themcleansymphony@gmail.com.
Last Updated
These terms were last updated on September 5, 2018
Member Area
Phone: 703-831-7165
TICKETS
Pin It on Pinterest
Share This
Facebook
Twitter
Google+