http://www.cshardware.com/privacy-policy
Menu
Kitchen & Bath
Decorative Hardware
Knobs
Backplates
Hooks
Pulls
Latches
Appliance Pulls
Towel Bars
Towel Rings
Collections
Hinges & Doors
Blum Aventos Lift Systems
Concealed Hinges
Decorative Hinges
Hinge Components
Door Parts & Accesories
Youngdale Hinges
Solid Brass Hinges & Finials
Soss Hinges
Steel & Stainless Steel Hinges
Spring Hinges
Dummy Strap Hinges
Glass Door Hinges
Slide & Drawers
Drawer Parts & Accessories
Ball Bearing
European Epoxy
Slide Accessories
Rolling Shelves
Kitchen Accessories
Pull Outs
Waste & Recycle Pull Outs
Cutting Boards
Drawer Inserts
Ironing Centers
Lazy Susans
Drip Trays
On-Door Storage
Sink Front Trays
Specialty Storage
Range Hoods & Vents
Faucets
Docking Drawers
Bathroom Accessories
Bath Faucets
Toilet Paper Holders
Towel Bars
Towel Rings
Robe Hooks
Bath Lighting
Accessory Kits
Toilet Seats
Safety Grab Bars
Shower Rods
Cabinets
Frameless Cabinets
Custom Doors & Drawers
White Cabinets
Gray Cabinets
Painted Cabinets
Stained Wood Cabinets
Shaker Style Cabinets
Modern Slab Door Cabinets
Transitional Style Cabinets
Traditional Style Cabinets
Rolling Doors
Sliding Doors
Mini Furniture Hardware
Rolling Ladders
Invisidoor
Bi-Fold Bookcase
Pivot Bookcase
RTA Pivot Bookcase
Hardware
Hardware Supplies
Abrasives
Glue
Tape
Screws
Bolts
Nuts & Washers
Nails & Staples
Wall Anchors & Hangers
Connectors
Functional Ladders
Furniture Hardware
Lid Stays
Special Application Hinges
Industrial Cart Hardware
Casters
Grommets
Leg Levelers & Glides
Locks
Wall Beds
Bed Hardware
Brackets & Shelf Supports
Swivels
Entertainment Center Flipper Door Hardware
Table Hardware
Glass, Mirror, and Panel Hardware
TV Lifts
Office & Media Storage
Architectural Hardware
Railing Systems
Home Accessories
Switch Plates
Catches
Door Knobs & Handles
Door Knockers
Steel Radius Hinges
Adapter Plates & Covers
Bolts, Latches, and Guards
Door Reinforcers
Drawer, Cabinet, and Mailbox Locks
Patio & Window Locks
Strike Plates & Latch Guards
Shutter Hardware
Magnetic Door Holders & Stops
Closet Hardware
Pant Racks
Shoe Storage
Sliding Door Hardware
Closing Storage Pullouts
Belt & Tie Pullouts
Hampers
Closet Rods
Lighting & Electronics
Light Bulbs
Light Switch Plates
Dimmers, Switches, and Power Supplies
Under Cabinet Lightning
Lighting Components
Power Strips
Audio Electronics
Ceiling Fans
Light Fixtures
Docking Drawers
Tools
Tools & Accessories
Biscuit Joiner Tools
Drill Jigs & Spacers
Cleaners & Lubricants
Laminate/Edgebanding Tools
Levels, Squares, and Layout
Packaging Tools & Materials
Glue Spreaders
Drivers & Driver Bits
Miscellaneous Tools
Tape Measures
Pliers, Cutters & Snips
Power Tools
Pocket Hole Machines
Pneumatic Tools
Circular Saw Blades
Oscillating Blades
Saw Upgrades & Guides
Bits
Drill Bit Components & Upgrades
Router Tables & Guides
Hole Saws
Shop & Job Site Accessories
3rd Hand
Movers & Dollies
Organizers
Other
Dust Masks
Ear Plugs
Apparel
Respirators
Safety Glasses
Moisturizing Creams
Clamps
Bar Clamps
Bessey Auto-Audjust Toggle Clamps
Pipe Clamps
Specialty Clamps
Spring Clamps
Clamp Tables & Assistants
Clamp Accessories
Kreg Clamps
Clamp Kits
C-Style Clamps
Face Frame Clamps
Toggle Clamps
Wood & Concrete
Wood Carvings
Appliques & Medallions
Feet
Columns & Pilasters
Corbels & Supports
Baseboards, Mouldings, and Rails
Island Legs & Turnings
Valances
Openings
Pediments
Exterior
Exterior 450 Wood Stains
Exterior 450 Topcoats
Interior
Dye Stains
Wood Stains
Ready-To-Match Professional Water-Based Stain System
Polyurethanes and Varnishes
Milk Paints
Accessories
Chalk Paints
Gel Stains
Wood Care Products
All-In-One Paints
All-In-One Countertop Paints
Finish Removers & Cleaners
Paint Sprayers
Fireplace Items
Fireplace Accessories
Mantels
Sustain Krete
Wood Treatments
Surface Repair
Wood Restoration
Floating Shelves
Wood Items & Fillers
Edgebanding & Veneer
Edgebanding
Veneer Sheets
Fastcaps
Plugs, Dowels & Pegs
Tambour
Wood Biscuits
Wood Filler
Outdoor Living
Chairs
Gliders
Tables
Furniture Sets
Bird and Squirrel Feeders
Accessories
Coverings
Wall Decor
Account
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Custom Service Hardware wants to assure you that we are very careful about how we run our site. We take our customers' satisfaction and privacy seriously.
Our Web Site
This web site is owned by Custom Service Hardware, Inc. You can access our web site at the following address:www.cshardware.comWe have created our web site to provide additional services to our customers and potential customers online.
What Information We Collect-
Your nameYour billing and delivery addressYour e-mail addressYour phone (or mobile) numberYour credit/debit card numberInformation on how you are using the SitesYour purchase/return/exchange information
Name and Address
When you supply us with your postal address online, you may occasionally receive catalogs and mailings from us with information about products, promotions or services. If you do not wish to receive these mailings, please send us a note, along with a copy of your mailing label to the address below:Custom Service Hardware1170 N Wauwatosa RdCedarburg, WI 53012Or, e-mail us your name and mailing address to service@cshardware.com
Occasionally, we make a portion of our mailing list available to respectable organizations that may interest our customers. If you do not wish to receive these mailings, please send us a note saying so, along with a copy of your mailing label to the address above - or send us the information in an e-mail to service@cshardware.com.
E-Mail Address
When you supply us with your e-mail address in an online form, we may send you a periodic newsletter with information about our web site and other promotions. To remove yourself from the email list follow the instructions included in the email. To be added to this list, please fill out our subscriber form. We never share your e-mail address with third parties.
Phone and Fax Numbers
When you supply us with your phone or fax number online, we may use them to contact you regarding an order you sent, or a question you asked. We never share these numbers with other organizations.
Credit Card
Sensitive information such as credit card numbers are protected by a Secure Socket Layer (SSL) and are fully encrypted.
Cookies and Other Technologies
Cookies – These are small text files that are stored directly on your computer. They make it easier for the server to recognize your computer as you click from page to page (to keep track of your shopping cart as you browse our site, for example).
GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation)
Residences of the EU have the following Rights provided by the GDPR.
The right to be informed;
The right of access;
The right of rectification;
If you are a EU resident and would like to either have your data, update your data, or have your data removed please contact CSH with the information above.
Pixel Tags – these are very tiny images (smaller than the periods in this paragraph). They are there to inform our web server or e-mail server that you have opened an e-mail, for example, and to communicate other actions.
CS Hardware's website, online services, interactive applications, e-mail messages, and advertisements may use 'cookies' and other technologies such as pixel tags and web beacons. These technologies help us better understand user behavior, tell us which parts of our website people have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of our communications and web searches. We treat information collected by cookies and other technologies as non-personal information. Similarly, to the extent that non-personal information is combined with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
CS Hardware may also use cookies and other technologies to 'remember' how you use our website, online services, and applications. Our goal in these cases is to make your experience with CS Hardware more convenient and personal. For example, knowing someone using your computer or device has shopped for a certain product helps us make our e-mail communications and product suggestions more relevant to your interests. You may set your web browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. However, should you decide not to accept cookies from our sites, you will limit the functionality we can provide when you visit our sites.
As is true of most websites, our web servers gather some information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type and language, Internet service provider (ISP), referring and exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information to understand and analyze trends, to administer the site, to learn about user behavior on the site, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. CS Hardware may use this information in our marketing and advertising services.
Pixel tags enable us to send e-mail messages in a format customers can read, and they tell us whether mail has been opened. We may use this information to reduce or eliminate messages sent to customers.
Children's Online PrivacyWe recognize the particular importance of protecting privacy where children are involved. We are committed to protecting children's privacy and we comply fully with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). CSHardware.com will never knowingly request or collect personal information from any person under 13 years of age without prior verifiable parental consent. If we become aware that an individual is under the age of 13 and has submitted any information to CSHardware.com, for any purpose without prior verifiable parental consent, we will delete his or her information from our files.
By interacting with CS Hardware, you consent to our use of information that is collected or submitted as described in this privacy policy. We may change or add to this privacy policy, so we encourage you to review it periodically.