https://www.thebelles.org.uk/cookie-policy/
Cookie Policy | The Belles of Three Spires
The Belles of Three Spires
+44(0)779 2963730
info@thebelles.org.uk
Facebook
Facebook
Home
Intro
History
News
Inspired Harmony with Grand Central Chorus
Pearl Ball
New Year, New Home
Christmas Cracker
Convention 2018
The Belles Premier
Auction of Promises
Gallery
Contact
Map
Select Page
Cookie Policy
BACKGROUND:
This website https://www.thebelles.org.uk (“Our Site”) uses Cookies and similar technologies in order to distinguish you from other users. By using Cookies, We are able to provide you with a better experience and to improve Our Site by better understanding how you use it. Please read this Cookie Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it. Your acceptance of Our Cookie Policy is deemed to occur if you continue using Our Site OR when you press the I Agree button on Our Privacy Preferences pop-up. If you do not agree to Our Cookie Policy, please stop using Our Site immediately.
Definitions and Interpretation
In this Cookie Policy, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the following meanings:
“Cookie”
means a small file placed on your computer or device by Our Site when you visit certain parts of Our Site and/or when you use certain features of Our Site;
“Cookie Law”
means the relevant parts of the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 and of EU Regulation 2016/679 General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”);
“personal data”
means any and all data that relates to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified from that data, as defined by the Data Protection Act 2018 OR EU Regulation 2016/679 General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”); and
“We/Us/Our”
means The Belles of Three Spires, a barbershop group based in the United Kingdom, whose address is Willenhall Social Club, Robin Hood Rd., Coventry, UK, CV3 3BB.
Information About Us
Our Site is owned and operated by The Belles of Three Spires, a barbershop group
based in the United Kingdom, whose address is Willenhall Social Club, Robin Hood
Rd., Coventry, UK, CV3 3BB.
How Does Our Site Use Cookies?
Our Site may place and access certain first party Cookies on your computer or device. First party Cookies are those placed directly by Us and are used only by Us. We use Cookies to facilitate and improve your experience of Our Site and to provide and improve Our products AND/OR
We have carefully chosen these Cookies and have taken steps to ensure that your privacy and personal data is protected and respected at all times.
All Cookies used by and on Our Site are used in accordance with current Cookie Law. We may use some or all of the following types of Cookie:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
A Cookie falls into this category if it is essential to the operation of Our Site, supporting functions such as logging in, your shopping basket, and payment transactions.
Analytics Cookies
It is important for Us to understand how you use Our Site, for example, how efficiently you are able to navigate around it, and what features you use. Analytics Cookies enable us to gather this information, helping Us to improve Our Site and your experience of it.
Functionality Cookies
Functionality Cookies enable Us to provide additional functions to you on Our Site such as personalisation and remembering your saved preferences. Some functionality Cookies may also be strictly necessary Cookies, but not all necessarily fall into that category.
Targeting Cookies
It is important for Us to know when and how often you visit Our Site, and which parts of it you have used (including which pages you have visited and which links you have visited). As with analytics Cookies, this information helps us to better understand you and, in turn, to make Our Site and advertising more relevant to your interests. Some information gathered by targeting Cookies may also be shared with third parties.
Persistent Cookies
Any of the above types of Cookie may be a persistent Cookie. Persistent Cookies are those which remain on your computer or device for a predetermined period and are activated each time you visit Our Site.
Session Cookies
Any of the above types of Cookie may be a session Cookie. Session Cookies are temporary and only remain on your computer or device from the point at which you visit Our Site until you close your browser. Session Cookies are deleted when you close your browser.
Cookies on Our Site are not permanent and will expire after 30 days.
For more details of the personal data that We collect and use, the measures we have in place to protect personal data, your legal rights, and our legal obligations, please refer to our Privacy Policy https://www.thebelles.org.uk/privacy-policy.
For more specific details of the Cookies that We use, please refer to the table below.
What Cookies Does Our Site Use?
The following first party Cookies may be placed on your computer or device:
Name of Cookie
Purpose
Strictly Necessary
Expiry
_ga
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
no
2 years
_gat
Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate.
no
Session
_gid
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
no
Session
and the following third-party Cookies may be placed on your computer or device:
Name of Cookie
Provider
Purpose
Necessary
collect
google-analytics.com
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor’s device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
no
Session
Our Site uses analytics services provided by Google Analytics Website analytics refers to a set of tools used to collect and analyse anonymous usage information, enabling Us to better understand how Our Site is used. This, in turn, enables Us to improve Our Site and the products AND/OR services offered through it. You do not have to allow Us to use these Cookies, however whilst Our use of them does not pose any risk to your privacy or your safe use of Our Site, it does enable Us to continually improve Our Site, making it a better and more useful experience for you.
The analytics service(s) used by Our Site use(s) Cookies to gather the required information. Please view their Cookie Usage Information here https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage.
If you wish to Opt-out of Google Analytics data sharing, please visit the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Consent and Control
Before Cookies are placed on your computer or device, you will be shown a pop-up requesting your consent to set those Cookies. By giving your consent to the placing of Cookies you are enabling Us to provide the best possible experience and service to you. You may, if you wish, deny consent to the placing of Cookies unless those Cookies are strictly necessary; however certain features of Our Site may not function fully or as intended. You will be given the opportunity to allow and/or deny different categories of Cookie that We use. You can return to your Cookie preferences to review and/or change them at any time by following the relevant steps in section 5.3 below, depending on your browser.
In addition to the controls that We provide, you can choose to enable or disable Cookies in your internet browser. Most internet browsers also enable you to choose whether you wish to disable all Cookies or only third-party Cookies. By default, most internet browsers accept Cookies but this can be changed. For further details, please consult the help menu in your internet browser or the documentation that came with your device.
The links below provide instructions on how to control Cookies in all mainstream browsers:
Google Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en-GB
Microsoft Internet Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/kb/278835
Microsoft Edge: https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/products/microsoft-edge (Please note that there are no specific instructions at this time, but Microsoft support will be able to assist)
Safari (macOS): https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411?viewlocale=en_GB&locale=en_GB
Safari (iOS): https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201265
Mozilla Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-Cookies-website-preferences
Android: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?co=GENIE.Platform%3DAndroid&hl=en (Please refer to your device’s documentation for manufacturers’ own browsers)
Changes to this Cookie Policy
We may alter this Cookie Policy at any time. If We do so, details of the changes will be highlighted at the top of this page.  Any such changes will become binding on you on your first use of Our Site after the changes have been made.  You are therefore advised to check this page from time to time.
In the event of any conflict between the current version of this Cookie Policy and any previous version(s), the provisions current and in effect shall prevail unless it is expressly stated otherwise.
Further Information
If you have any questions about Our Site or this Privacy Policy, please contact Us by email at info@thebelles.org.uk by telephone on +44 779 2963 730, or by post at Willenhall Social Club, Robin Hood Road, Coventry, CV3 3BB UK. Please ensure that your query is clear, particularly if it is a request for information about the data We hold about you (as under section 12, above).
For more information about privacy and data protection, please visit the following:
https://www.thebelles.org.uk/privacy-policy
LABBS Convention 2019:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8GtS9cM3ZKg
Latest News:
Belles talents for good during lockdown
LABBS Convention October 2019
Pearl celebrations continue…
Policies:
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Facebook
© The Belles of Three Spires 2019 | design by NOMAD | powered by WordPress
By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy.
Privacy Preferences
I Agree
Privacy Preference Center
Options
Consent Management
Cookie Settings
StatisticsAnalytics
Privacy Policy
Consent Management
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience.
Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Privacy Policy
Required
In order to continue using this site, you must agree to the use of your data, set out in this Privacy Policy. Please click on the 'More Information' link below to be brought directly to our Privacy Policy.
Statistics
_ga & _gid registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. _gat is used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate.
Cookies Used
ON
OFF
_ga, _gat, _gid,
Analytics
collect, is used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
Cookies Used
ON
OFF
collect
google-analytics.com
Opt Out
collect, is used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Please see below for Google's Opt-out link.
OK