http://www.kingsmen.org.uk/terms-of-service
01548 856528 enquiries@kingsmen.org.ukLegal StuffPrivacy, Cookies & Copyright
Kingsmen Barbershop Harmony Chorus Terms of Service1. Terms
By accessing the website at https://www.kingsmen.org.uk/, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Kingsmen Barbershop Harmony Chorus' website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Kingsmen Barbershop Harmony Chorus' website;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Kingsmen Barbershop Harmony Chorus at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on Kingsmen Barbershop Harmony Chorus' website are provided on an 'as is' basis. Kingsmen Barbershop Harmony Chorus makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.
Further, Kingsmen Barbershop Harmony Chorus does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Kingsmen Barbershop Harmony Chorus or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Kingsmen Barbershop Harmony Chorus' website, even if Kingsmen Barbershop Harmony Chorus or a Kingsmen Barbershop Harmony Chorus authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Accuracy of materials
The materials appearing on Kingsmen Barbershop Harmony Chorus' website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Kingsmen Barbershop Harmony Chorus does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete or current. Kingsmen Barbershop Harmony Chorus may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice. However Kingsmen Barbershop Harmony Chorus does not make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Kingsmen Barbershop Harmony Chorus has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Kingsmen Barbershop Harmony Chorus of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user's own risk.
7. Modifications
Kingsmen Barbershop Harmony Chorus may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.
8. Governing Law
These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Devon, England and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that State or location.
We are proud members of the British Association of Barbershop Singers.
Share Us
We can often be found singing in the Crabshell inn after rehearsals on Wednesdays.
St Austell Brewery sponsors The Kingsmen
Guest Book
I would like to say how much my wife and I enjoyed your performance at Buckland Tout Saints on Christmas Eve. It perfectly set the scene for what was a marvellous break....					Read More
Steve
Hi There I would just like to say i had the Pleasure of Meeting 4Kandles at Harmony College...Great Great Performance and a Superb Bunch of Guys.. Thank you to Greg for the great...					Read More
Mark Connelly
Thank you so much for the Christmas CD, my 91 year old dad and I have been singing along this morning!...					Read More
Anita Hyde
Have missed listening to you, will try and catch up again soon, when I can get over i'll check out your diary to find where you are singing....					Read More
Lilian
16 of the Kingsmen singers performed at the Central Church Torquay mens breakfast and we were very impressed with the quality of the singing and harmonies - and they are even nice...					Read More
Steve Norman
Information
About Us
What's On Join
Gallery
Videos
Sound Bites
Blog
Archive
Subscribe to our Newsletter
Get in Touch
Evangelical Church,Fore Street,Kingsbridge.TQ7 1PG
Wednesdays from 7:30pm to 10pm
01548 856528
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Contact Form
Main Menu
Home About What's On Media Gallery Videos Sound Bites Blog Archive Guest Book Quartets Book / Contact Members/Join
facebook
We use non-obtrusive cookies to track website usage, and to improve your experience. For more information, please confirm that you agree to our privacy policy.I agree and have read the privacy policy