http://www.redditch-operatic.co.uk/privacy-policy/
TICKET HOTLINE 01527 304009
info@redditch-operatic.co.uk
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Privacy Notice
Who we are
We are the Redditch Operatic Society. Our website address is: www.redditch-operatic.co.uk
Cookies – a brief summary
To make this website easier to use, we sometimes place small text files on your computer which are known as ‘cookies’.
Cookies improve things by remembering the things you’ve chosen, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you visit a new page and remembering data you’ve given so you don’t need to keep entering it. By using our website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.
We do not use cookies on this website that collect information about what other websites you visit (often referred to as privacy intrusive cookies).
Our cookies aren’t used to identify you personally. They are just here to make the site work better for you. Indeed, you can manage and/or delete these files as you wish. To learn more about cookies and how to manage them, visit aboutcookies.org or watch a video about cookies.
Third-party cookies
Feeds and utilities from third-parties such as Google, YouTube and Twitter place cookies on your computer when watching or viewing pages that include these feeds/utilities. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
You can read about the cookie policies of these below:
Google (including Translate and Maps) and YouTube
Twitter
Turning cookies off
You can stop cookies being downloaded on to your computer or other device by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. If you do this, however, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
We do not not collect any sensitive personal data on this website.
Mailing List
If visitors complete the form on our Mailing List page, we collect the data shown in that form (Name, Address, Telephone Number and Email Address). This information will be held in our offline mailing list database, and will only be used by us to send out information relating to our show(s). It is never passed to any other organisation. You may be removed from our mailing list at any time on request.
Sponsors
If visitors complete the form on our Sponsor Us page, we collect the data shown in that form (Company, Name, Address, Telephone Number and Email Address). This information will then be passed to the society member who deals with queries from potential sponsors, so that person can get in touch with you to discuss your sponsorship arrangements. Whilst you remain a sponsor of the society, we may hold the information in our offline database, which will only be used to contact you should the need arise. It is never passed to any other organisation. You may be removed from our database at any time on request.
Ticket Enquiries
If visitors complete the form on our Next Show page, we collect the data shown in that form (Name, Email Address, Telephone Number and details of the request for tickets). This information will then be passed to the society member who deals with ticket enquiries, so that person can get in touch with you to discuss your enquiry. We will not retain your information unless you subsequently request to be added to our mailing list (see above) or are currently on the mailing list. As always, our mailing list details are never passed to any other organisation, and you may be removed from our mailing list at any time on request.
Comments
When visitors leave comments (to news/blog posts) on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection. An anonymised string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service Privacy Policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.If you leave a comment on our site you may opt in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
Analytics
By default, this website does not collect any analytics data.
Logging into the website (not the general public)
Cookies
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after one day.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (eg. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognise and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Contact information
Our webmaster is Arrowscape of 15 Coppice Close, Redditch, B97 4RS. ISO ZA451368.