http://www.dctvny.org/about/legal-privacy
Skip to Navigation
Email Sign-Up
Contact
Cart
Search this site:
Donate
87 Lafayette Street NYC 10013 - (212) 966-4510
Workshops
Rentals & Resources
Events & Screenings
Watch Videos
Youth Media
Documentaries
About Us
Legal & Privacy Statement
DCTV is intent on protecting the privacy of all our website visitors. Most of the pages on this website can be accessed without providing personal information, however some services we provide require the collection of information, and this legal & privacy statement explains what information we collect and why.
Personal Information
Visitors will be asked for information that personally identifies them or allows DCTV to contact them.
This will usually occur only if visitors are buying a DVD or membership, signing up for workshops or our newsletter, or making a donation.
Usually this information is limited to name, email address, home address, and phone number but it may include other information depending on visitor request.
Personal information is used for:
keeping our website relevant to our visitors needs
to deliver newsletters and other anouncements
to help us provide content relevant to our constituents
to allow our constituents to receive puchased goods
Additionally, DCTV collects information about the pages our visitors access on our site.
This data is not linked to personal information and visitors are identified only by a unique ID number.
DCTV may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on DCTV or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of DCTV and its family of Web sites, or (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of DCTV employees, users of DCTV products or services, or members of the public.
Control of Your Personal Information
When visitors give us personal information, DCTVNY.org will not share that information with third parties without your permission, other than for the limited exceptions already listed. It will only be used for the purposes stated above.
Contact Information
DCTV can be contacted at:
info@dctvny.org
87 Lafayette St.
New York, NY 10013
News
Press Room
Staff
Board
Supporters
Sponsorship
Job Opportunities
Internship Opportunities
Directions
Contact
Gift Cards
Take the guesswork out of giving with our
gift cards!
Membership
Access rentals, discounts & more
Connect
© copyright 2020 [DCTV]. All rights reserved.
Legal & Privacy Statement
Contact
Site Map