http://www.artworkshops.com/privacy-policy
Skip To Content
Your Privacy
At Hudson River Valley Art & Fiber Art Workshops (HRVAW), a DBA of Woodchuck Ventures Inc, we are committed to protecting your privacy as an online visitor to our website and to our workshops themselves. We use the information we collect about you to maximize the services that we provide to you. We respect the privacy and confidentiality of the information provided by you. Please read our privacy policy below carefully.
You may change your details at any time by advising us in writing via email at info@artworkshops.com or using the Safe Unsubscribe feature through our email newsletter communications through Constant Contact.
Use, Storage, & Security of Your Information
We receive and store information you enter on our website or give us in any other way from time to time. You may provide basic contact information such as your name, phone number, address, and email address to enable us to send information or process your enrollment and we may also collect additional information at other times, including but not limited to, when you provide feedback, change your contact or email preferences, respond to a survey, or communicate with our staff.
We may use personal information collected from you for the purpose of providing you with direct marketing material, updates regarding our website, information in the form of a newsletter; and to produce enrollment documents including a confirmation packet, check-in bill, and student list. This will only apply if you have enrolled in one of our workshops or request information through our website to receive additional information and have provided us with that personal information. However if you wish to cease receiving any such information you may let us know either by email or unsubscribing at any time and your request will be actioned immediately.
Personal information is not used for any other purpose. If you enroll in a workshop, your name and state/province/country will be shared with the rest of the students through a student list – unless you direct us otherwise. If you enroll in a workshop, your name, address, phone number, and email address will be shared only with the instructor – unless you direct us otherwise.
We respect the privacy of our online visitors. We may collect information on or through this website that can personally identify you. For example, we collect personally identifiable
information through our request for additional information form. If you complete this form, you will receive an email from us with the requested information and be signed up to receive a monthly email newsletter from us. If you enroll in one of our workshops, you will receive additional email communications including a confirmation email, reminders, and a follow-up
survey about your experience.
We will use all reasonable means to protect the confidentiality of your personal data while in our possession or control. We will not knowingly share any of your personal data with any third party other than our instructors and your fellow students when you enroll in a workshop – unless you direct us otherwise. We do use a third party email client for our newsletter and will use your name and email address within that system. You can review their Privacy Statement here. Please contact us if you require additional specific details.
We will retain any personal information you share with us for a period of ten (10) years, after which your information will be removed from our stand-alone database and any paper
information such as enrollment forms will be shredded.
The personal information you share with us when completing a request for information on our website and/or enroll in a workshop is stored in a stand-alone database that is not connected to the internet or any other network. We do use a third party email client for our newsletter and select enrollment reminders in which we use your name and email address. You can review their Privacy Statement here. When you enroll in a workshop, some of the personal information you provide is also documented on a paper enrollment form which will be stored for a period of ten (10 years) to comply with State and Federal tax regulations.
Disclosure of Your information
We may need to disclose certain information, which may include your Personal Data, to comply with a legal requirement, such as a law, regulation, court order, subpoena, warrant, in the course of a legal proceeding or in response to a law enforcement agency request. Also, we may use your Personal Data to protect the rights, property or safety of Woodchuck Ventures Inc., our customers or third parties.
If there is a change of control in one of our businesses (whether by merger, sale, transfer of assets or otherwise) customer information, which may include your Personal Data, could be disclosed to a potential purchaser under a confidentiality agreement. We would only disclose your information in good faith and where required by any of the above circumstances.
Third Parties
We do not and will not sell or deal in personal or customer information. We will never disclose your personal details to a third party except limited information to your fellow students and instructor if you enroll in a workshop. If you enroll in a workshop, your name and state/province/ country will be shared with the rest of the students through a student list – unless you direct us otherwise. If you enroll in a workshop, your name, address, phone number, and email address will be shared only with the instructor – unless you direct us otherwise.
We may however use in a general sense without any reference to your name, your information to create marketing data, identify user demands and to assist it in meeting customer needs generally. In addition, we may use the information that you provide to improve our website and services but not for any other use.
Security
We strive to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of personal information submitted to our website, and we periodically update our security measures in light of current technologies.
Links
This website may contain links to other websites. These links are meant for your convenience only. Links to third party websites do not constitute sponsorship or endorsement or approval of these websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites. We encourage our users to be aware, when they leave our website, to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information.
This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this website.
Change in Privacy Policy
As we plan to ensure our privacy policy remains current, this policy is subject to change. We may modify this policy at any time, in our sole discretion and all modifications will be effective immediately upon our posting of the modifications on this website. Please return periodically to review our privacy policy.
If you have any questions or concerns at any time about our privacy policy or the use of your personal information, please contact us at info@artworkshops.com or (518) 966-5219 and we will respond within 48 hours.