http://www.ghs.co.za/footer/privacy-policy.html
In order to display the correct content, please select your location: Europe, Rest of the World.
x
Data controller according to EU GDPR
English Language School Newlands (Administration):11 Mariendahl AveNewlands7700 Cape TownSouth Africa
Conditions of use
Minimum ageThe minimum age to use this website is 16 years.
Data Processing
SSL ConnectionYour complete connection to this website is encrypted with an SSL certificate from Let’s Encrypt. This protects you from third parties being able to read your communication.
CookiesOur website uses cookies, as almost all websites do, to help provide you with the best experience we can. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your device when you browse websites.
At all times you can disable the use of cookies in your browser settings. However, we cannot guarantee that the website will work correctly if you do that.
Cookie BarBy accepting cookies a separate cookie will be set to save this agreement:cb-enabled 1 year Session & User-LoginThis website might set a cookie, which is used to identify your session and your Login (Backend and Frontend). This cookie is cleared as soon as you close your browser PHPSESSID: until you close your browserStatistical TrackingThis website uses Google Analytics to analyse our website’s usage.Google Analytics uses the following cookies: _ga: 2 years duration_gid: 24 hours duration_gat: until you close your browser GeolocationThis website is trying to serve all prices in a currency used in your region by allocating your IP address to a region. This information in not saved by us and only used for better user experience. For this purpose the following cookies are saved. geo: 1 yeargeolocation: 1 year and 1 week  duration LanguageThis website is trying to serve the content to you in your preferred language. For this purpose a cookie is saved: landingpage: 1 year duration ChatOur website includes a direct chat option. For this purpose 2 cookies are saved: uslk_e: 1 year durationuslk_s: 1 year durationTracking / Google AnalyticsUsage of Google Analytics: This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA. On behalf of the website provider Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Furthermore, you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB.
You can refuse the use of Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie will be set on the computer, which prevents the future collection of your data when visiting this website:Deactivate Google Analytics.
Further information concerning the terms and conditions of use and data privacy can be found at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
NewsletterOur website offers the possibility to signup with our newsletter. For this purpose we collectyour e-mail address for being able to send you our newsletteryour first and last name to be able to personalize your newsletter experienceAll data is not saved on our website but forwarded to our newsletter partner Campaign Monitor (Australia). We have signed contracts to ensure high privacy standards as requested e.g. by GDPR in the European Union.
Each newsletter sent contains a link to unsubscribe from our service.
Your data is saved as long as you have an active subscription. When you unsubscribe, we still save your e-mail address only for the purpose of protecting you from receiving unwanted mails in the future. On request we can completely delete any data saved.
Social Media SharingThe blog of our website offers social media sharing functionalities. If you share one of our pages, this platform receives information about your visit to our website and will add this information to your profile data on their respective platform.
FontsThis website is using Google Fonts (loaded locally from our webserver).
CDN - Content Distribution NetworkThis website does not load any files from a Content Distribution Network (CDN).
FormsThis website provides a couple of online forms. Some save their data on the webserver, some send it via e-mail, some forward their data to external services and some combine those functions. Below are the details.
Booking for activitieshttps://www.ghs.co.za/activities.htmlThe data is saved on the webserver and is deleted after 7 years due to legal obligations.
Booking for courseshttps://www.ghs.co.za/cape-town/language-school.htmlAn e-mail containing the booking information is saved on the webserver and forwarded to the language school’s booking system. Both the customer and the language school are also informed via e-mail about the booking. The data is deleted after 7 year due to legal obligations.
Placement test https://www.ghs.co.za/nc/placementtest.htmlPlacement test results are saved on the webserver and sent to the language school via e-mail. The data is deleted 2 weeks after departure of the student (for customers) or after 6 month (for non-customers)
Contact Formhttps://www.ghs.co.za/services/contact.htmlAny form submission is not saved on the webserver and forwarded to the language school via e-mail.
Newsletter Registrationhttps://www.ghs.co.za/services/newsletter.htmlIf you register with our newsletter, your data is forwarded to our newsletter provider Campaign Monitor, located in Australia.
Brochure orderhttps://www.ghs.co.za/services/brochure.htmlAny form submission is not saved on the webserver and forwarded to the language school via e-mail.
Paymenthttps://www.ghs.co.za/payment.htmlPayments are not handled by our website but only linked to our payment partner Wirecard. We do not save any information entered in this form and only initiate the payment by asking you for your name, amount and type of credit card. By clicking proceed you leave our website and complete the payment at the website of Wirecard. We are only informed of successful transactions.
Data processing agreements
We have data processing agreements with the following companies:
GoogleThe data processing agreement with Google, Inc. / Google Ireland Limited was signed on 26 March 2018. Google Analytics only receives anonymized data and you have the option to opt out. For details see Google Analytics section above.
Campaign MonitorThe contract and data processing agreement with Campaign Monitor Pty Ltd, Sydney, Australia was signed on May 2018. Data is only forwarded if you register with our newsletter service. Campaign Monitor guarantees the same strict privacy and data protection rules and measurements as required by GDPR in the European Union.
WirecardThe contract and data processing agreement with Wirecard was signed on 8 May 2018. Data is only forwarded if you decide to make a downpayment via our website. The whole payment process does not happen on our website but is processed on the website of Wirecard.
Third party services
Our website might include content from third parties like YouTube Videos, Google Maps or files from other websites (images, js, css, …). To be able to provide this content, the respective providers receive a request from your browser, which contains your IP address and the referring (our) website. We have no influence on how this data is processed, but depend on the ressources to be able to provide a modern customer experience. If you do not agree with these third party services, please do not use our website. The whole world wide web does not make any sense if linking like this is not allowed.
Exclusion of liability
This website was created with the utmost care. We exclude any liability for damages arising directly or indirectly from the use of this website, unless they are based on intent or gross negligence. On various pages of this homepage are links to other sites on the Internet. We expressly emphasize that we have no influence on the design and content of these pages and therefore accept no liability.