http://www.iptv.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Iowa PBS Home
menu
HOME
SCHEDULE
WATCH
FAMILIES
EDUCATION
SUPPORT
ABOUT
SCHEDULE
WATCH
FAMILIES
EDUCATION
SUPPORT
ABOUT
Live
Donate
Passport
Privacy PolicyNothing is more important to us than protecting the private information of our visitors. All Iowa PBS websites adhere to a strict policy for ensuring the privacy of your--and your children's--personally identifiable information (such as full name, address, e-mail address, telephone number and/or other identifiable information) and preserving the integrity of this online medium.
Gathering and Use of Information
We will not collect personally identifiable information from you, other than what you supply to us on a voluntary basis.
In order to participate in some activities, you might be asked to provide some personally identifiable information. This could be in connection with the following:
contest or sweepstakes registration
subscription registration for sites or services which require subscription (such as e-mail newsletters)
submissions for membership to Friends of Iowa PBS
transactions in various Iowa PBS sales areas
content submissions, community postings (i.e., forums or bulletin boards), comments and suggestions,surveys or voting
Iowa PBS and our Affiliated Websites will not willfully disclose your personal information to any third party without first receiving your permission.
Iowa PBS and our Affiliated Websites may use your personally identifiable information for activities explained above, for internal and marketing promotional purposes, or when customer mailing lists are made available to carefully screened companies whose products or services might interest individuals who have shopped on the Iowa PBS website (this is the only case where such information is provided to third parties, at your approval).
We will always explain the extent of its use at the time you are asked to provide personal information. If you do not want this information to be collected or used by us for these purposes, you can simply "opt out." Under certain circumstances, opting out may prevent your participation in activities for which personal information is needed, as in contests.
Tracking and Use of Cookies
Iowa PBS's websites occasionally use cookies to keep track of names, addresses, etc. during the process of registering for an event or submitting a form-based request or response. The information contained in these cookies is only what the user types in when filling out the form. We do not use this information for any other purpose.
Acceptance of Iowa PBS's Online Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
By using this site, you signify your agreement to the terms and conditions of this Iowa PBS Online Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use the site. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for any changes. Your continued use of Iowa PBS's websites following the posting of any changes to these terms shall mean that you have accepted those changes. If you have any questions or concerns, please e-mail us at webmaster@iowapbs.org.
Privacy Policy for Kids
You have trusted us for many years to provide responsible and quality content for children. As we move into the cyberspace world, this trust becomes even more important to you, and to us. We believe the following promises will improve the safety, value, and enjoyment of your child's visits to our site and our affiliated sites.
We will not collect personally identifiable information from your child.
If your child sends us an e-mail with a question or comment, or enters one of our contests, we will respond using his or her e-mail, but will not store it for future communications.
If we know that your child is under the age of thirteen, we will collect your permission offline (by postal mail, fax or phone) before we mail any prizes or share your child's personal information with anyone else.
If your child submits stories, artwork, comments or anything else to us which is posted at our site, he or she will be identified only by first name, age, city and state.
We also promise to help children, their families and communities find the information they need to use the Internet safely and responsibly.
When a Iowa PBS site is partially funded by outside sponsors, we will mark any underwriter logos with a "sponsored by" tag. We select our underwriters carefully, to ensure that the company's products and services fit Iowa PBS standards. Iowa PBS sites will not contain advertisements promoting e-commerce or direct links to e-commerce.
We will continue to empower children by helping them to make informed choices.
You and your child's use of this site are conditioned on your having accepted these terms. You should check back at this policy frequently, since it is subject to change from time to time, and your continued use of the site is conditioned upon your acceptance of any modifications hereto.
We want to make this site a place where families can surf together, and where parents and caregivers are happy to have their children interact, learn and play. If you have any comments or questions, we're happy to hear them. This is, after all, your site.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this policy, send us an e-mail at webmaster@iowapbs.org. You may also contact us at 6450 Corporate Drive, P.O. Box 6450, Johnston, IA 50131 (800) 532-1290.
About Iowa PBS
Iowa PBS is Iowa's statewide public broadcasting network. Iowa PBS provides quality, innovative media and services that educate, inform, enrich and inspire Iowans throughout the state.
A noncommercial, public-service mission enables Iowa PBS to present an unequaled array of programs of lasting value to Iowans regardless of where they live or what they can afford. More than two million viewers each month turn to Iowa PBS for programming that reflects a range of interests for Iowans in all demographic categories.
Contact Iowa PBS
Iowa PBS
6450 Corporate Drive
P.O. Box 6450
Johnston, IA 50131515.725.9700800.532.1290
Email Us: contact form
Important Links
Terms of Use | Privacy PolicyFAQ | Employment | Viewer ServicesVolunteer | Search | News | Shop Reports to the Community | Submissions
donate form
Search
Connect:
Iowa PBS on Facebook
Iowa PBS on Twitter
Iowa PBS on YouTube
Iowa PBS on Instagram
Iowa PBS on LinkedIn
© Copyright 1995 - 2020 Iowa PBS