http://www.concert-diary.com/Home/ContentBlock?name=dialog-privacy-policy
Effective from 1st May 2020
The “concert-diary.com” website is owned by Classical Concerts Ltd. ,a company registered in England and Wales (number 10442071). Classical Concerts Ltd. is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. This privacy policy explains how we use the information we collect about you and the procedures that we have in place to safeguard your privacy.
Our use of cookies and other information gathering technologies
Cookies are text files that transfer to your computer's hard drive when you visit our website.  They allow us to recognise when you revisit.  The type of information they automatically collect includes your internet protocol (IP) address, browser type, referring / exiting pages, operating systems, and date/time stamp. If you use our “select your location” option then we will also store your selected location in a cookie.
We believe our cookies improve the quality of our services. The Help menu of most web browsers will set out how to stop your browser accepting cookies. You can choose not to provide information and not to accept cookies but certain features of the website will then not be available to you.
When someone visits www.concert-diary.com we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not attempt to find the identities of those visiting our website.
The information we collect and how we use it.
You only need to register for a Personal Account and supply personal data to us if you intend to submit advertisements for publication. The legal basis by which we will process your personal data is that you have given your consent. You may subsequently withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent it will be necessary for us to remove all your advertisements from our system.
When you apply for a Personal Account with concert-diary.com we need to know your name, e-mail address, physical address and telephone number. We ask for this information because we may need to contact you to verify the advertisement you wish us to publish on your behalf. We may also contact you by post, e-mail or telephone to ask you for comments on our service.
In addition to your Personal Account with concert-diary.com you also need to create a Promoter Account or accept an invitation to help administer an existing Promoter Account. The name of the Promoter Account is automatically displayed in any advertisement that we publish on behalf of the concert promoter. Each Promoter Account must have a Main Contact and only the Main Contact may invite other users to help administer the Promoter Account.
If you are the Main Contact for a Promoter Account your name (but not your email address, physical address or phone number) will be shown to any user attempting to create a Promoter Account with the same or similar name. This is to assist members of an organisation to identify the current Main Contact for a Promoter Account.
To be able to submit advertisements for publication you need to agree to receive operational emails from us, for example we may need to request further information before an advertisement can be published.
Your personal details will only be available to the directors and employees of Classical Concerts Ltd., contractors appointed by Classical Concerts Ltd and other members of any Promoter Account that you have agreed to administer. Your personal details will not be used for any purpose other than the administration of the Concert Diary website.
We use PayPal to collect payments. We do not see or process any Payment Card data.
How we safeguard your information.
We adopt the best industry practices to protect the security of your personal information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts the information you input.
Updating your details.
If any of the information that you have provided to the Concert Diary website  changes, for example if you change your e-mail address, name or physical address you may sign into your account to make the relevant changes.
Your consent.
By submitting your personal data you consent to the use of that data  as set out in this policy. If we change our privacy policy we will post the changes on this page and we will also notify you when you next sign into your account. Continued use of the service will signify that you agree to any such changes.
Please use the Contact Us page on our website if you require us to delete your personal data from our systems. Any advertisements you have submitted will also be deleted.
ONLY REGISTER WITH US IF YOU ACCEPT THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
We welcome your views about our website and our privacy policy. If you would like to contact us with any queries or comments please see our Contact Us page.