https://www.pembrokeshirecoast.wales/planning/planning-policy/local-development-plan-2/local-development-plan-replacement-stages/preferred-strategy/preferred-strategy-site-submissions/
Jump to Main content
Highlight Links
High contrast Mode
Readable Fonts
Greyscale Mode
Invert Mode
XClose this tab
Search for:
Search
THIS CONSULTATION HAS NOW CLOSED.
A form will need to be completed for each Site submission (one site per form). Submissions can be made electronically to the addresses below.
To assist with completion of the forms, Guidance Notes have been prepared which provide details of where further information can be sought.
Your site(s) must be submitted by 4.30pm Friday, 21 July 2017. Submissions cannot be kept confidential and will be made public.
Pre Deposit Submission Sites Guidance Notes
Pre-Deposit Site Submission Form
Preferred Strategy Site Methodology
Preferred Strategy Site Sustainability Appraisal Form
Respond by email:
devplans@pembrokeshirecoast.org.uk
Respond by post:
Head of Park Direction
Pembrokeshire Coast National Park Authority
Llanion Park
Pembroke Dock
Pembrokeshire
SA72 6DY.
More on Local Development Plan 2
Supplementary Planning Guidance (LDP2)
Read more
Sustainability Appraisal Scoping Report
The Sustainability Appraisal Scoping Report sets out the sustainability appraisal issues and objectives/criteria against which the Replacement Local D...
Read more
Preparation Stages
These are the stages in preparing a replacement Local Development Plan.
Read more
LDP Review Report
The Review Report sets out where changes are required, what needs to change and why, based on evidence.
Read more
Delivery Agreement
The Delivery Agreement is a public statement that contains a Timetable for preparing a Revision of a Local Development Plan setting out how and when s...
Read more
Community Council Workshops
Community and Town Councils can provide a central source of information for their local communities, help to raise awareness of the LDP process and ar...
Read more
Background papers
These Background Papers will be updated and added to throughout the preparation of the Plan.
Read more
Appraisal Processes
Environmental, Social and Economic Appraisals for Local Development Plan 2
Read more
Get In Touch
Contact us and register your details to get the latest updates on what's happening in the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park.
Contact Us
Cookie Policy
To help us make this website better, the cookie settings are set to ‘allow all cookies’. If you continue without changing these settings, you consent to this – for more information and to change this at any time, see our cookie policy and privacy policy.
I understand
View Basket
Checkout
Continue Shopping