http://www.azlyrics.com/privacy.html
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
#
Search
PRIVACY POLICY
Azlyrics.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: azlyrics.com
By using our website, you could share with us some of your personal data. This Privacy Policy explains what information we collect from you, how we use such information, with whom it may be shared, and your rights and choices with regard to controlling your information when you visit our site.
This privacy policy is provided pursuant to the UE Regulation on data protection (General Data Protection Regulation, hereinafter "GDPR"). By using our website, you accept and consent to the practices described in this privacy policy. If you do not accept the provisions set forth herein, we invite you not to use our website.
1. Personal Data Collection
We collect two types of data:
data we collect automatically when you use our services;
personal data that you choose to share with us.
Data we collect automatically when you use our services
We're receiving data from your browser or device each time you access our website. Browsers and devices send this information to websites to identify themselves. This may include:
your IP address;
date and time of access to our service;
hardware, software or browser you use and information about your computer’s operating system;
language settings;
information on your clicks and pages that have been shown to you.
We work with third party advertising companies who serve ads on our website. These companies may use tools such as cookies and web beacons, to collect information about user's online activities. For more information about cookies and on your settings, please refer to our Cookie Policy.
We also use Google Analytics tracking tool to understand how visitors engage with our site. Learn more about them and how to opt-out: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
Personal data that you choose to share with us
You do not need to create an account in order to access information on our website. However, if you decide to participate in lyrics correcting or submitting, we would ask for your name to give you credits on the lyrics page. Therefore we ask you to pay attention to what you make public.
If you contact us through our contact page, we would ask you for your name and email address. We keep this data you provide to us strictly confidential and do not sell, share, transfer or distribute it to any third party.
2. Personal Data Use
We may process your data (depending on your interaction with us) for a variety of reasons that are permitted under data protection laws and in accordance with this Privacy Policy, which may include the below purposes.
To meet and fulfill our legitimate business interests, including:
to manage our business needs, such as monitoring, analyzing, modifying and improving our website's functionality and performance;
to respond to your questions, comments, complaints, requests and other communications;
to track your return visits and use of our website;
to grow our business;
to accumulate and report aggregate, statistical information in connection with our website and user activity, or to provide reporting for our clients, business partners, etc.
With your consent, including:
to display advertising based on your use of AZLyrics and other websites, services and platforms you have used or visited;
to enhance the services and their usage as well as understand the effectiveness of the advertisements we promote to users through the collection of data by means of cookies and similar technologies.
The user's data will be lawfully and properly processed, adopting all necessary safety measures in order to prevent unauthorized accesses, distribution, changes or elimination of data.
3. Personal Data Sharing
The third parties we might share your data with are:
Services suppliers who carry out services on our behalf and commercial partners who provide services and features. Third party's companies are bound by confidentiality agreements and do not have the authorization to use your data for other purposes than those communicated by AZLyrics.
Competent authorities. In order to ensure compliance with any applicable laws, in the event of assessed breaches of contractual provisions with us, to protect the rights, properties and safety of our company, our users or other parties, as well as to identify and solve safety problems.
Third parties within a merger or acquisition. Should AZLyrics be involved in a merger, asset sale, financing, winding up or bankruptcy procedure or purchase of all or part of its activities by another company, we could share data that concern you with such company before and after the transaction's closing.
We could also share with third parties, such as advertisers, aggregate data which are non-personally identifiable or made anonymous. For more information on data collected by third parties within our services, please refer to the Advertisement section.
4. Advertisement
Advertising allows us to offer you our content for free and to keep improving our website. For us to be able to provide a free service, we could allow other companies to use cookies, web beacon and similar technologies within our Services. Such companies could collect data on the conditions of use of our services over time and combine them with comparable data collected from other services and companies. Such data could be used, among other things, to analyse and track data, determine the popularity of certain contents or better understand your online activities.
Our current list of advertisers:
Exponential - Privacy Policy
Google AdSense - Privacy Policy
BandsInTown - Privacy Policy
Such parties can include their own Web beacon or Web beacon owned by third parties in advertisements visualized by AZLyrics in order to set and read their cookies, they can save cookies in the user's device as well as collect the user's online activities in relation to Websites and online services.
The use of companies that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), of the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) or of other equivalent organizations compliant with the NAI Code of conduct is preferred. It is possible to access to the opt-out page managed by NAI by clicking on the following link: https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/. Please remember that the opt-out option will not prevent you from seeing advertisements. However, the advertisements offered by such companies will not be targeted on the basis of your web preferences anymore.
For more information, please read our Cookie Policy.
5. Retaining Your Personal Information
AZLyrics stores data until it is necessary to provide its services. The data retention period changes on the basis of circumstances such as: data nature, reason for collection and processing and relevant legal requirements. In any event the criteria used to determine the data retention period are based upon compliance with the terms allowed by any applicable laws and the principles of processing minimization and rational management of the archives. We will only keep data that are necessary to comply with legal obligations and for a period not longer than that required for such compliance.
6. User Rights
The user can exercise at any moment the rights set out in article 7 of the Privacy Code and in articles 15 and following of the GDPR, including the right to receive confirmation of the existence of personal data that concern him, to assess their content, accuracy, location (also with reference to any third Country), to ask for a copy of such data, to ask for the integration, update, correction and, when allowed by the applicable law, the restriction, cancellation, transformation in anonymous form or block for law infringement.
The user can also contact us if he believes that AZLyrics has not the right to use certain data of if he has doubts on how his data are processed or on this Policy. In any event you have the right to complain to a data protection authority if you believe that our collection and use of your data is carried out in breach of the applicable law.
7. Minors
AZLyrics is not directed to children under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect Information from children under the age of 16. If you are under the age of 16, you may not use our website, including providing any information about yourself. If you believe that we have mistakenly or unintentionally collected information from someone under the age of 16, please contact us. If you are a parent or the guardian of a person under the age of 16, please do not allow such person to use AZLyrics.
8. Transfer of Personal Data
Your personal data could be transferred, transmitted or stored also outside of the EEA but in the event of data transfers, AZLyrics uses standard Contractual clauses approved by the European Commission and based on adequacy decisions of the European Commission in relation to some Countries, depending on the cases, for the transfer of data from the EEA to the United States and other Countries.
9. Contacting the Website
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact us
Submit Lyrics
Soundtracks
Facebook
Contact Us
Advertise Here
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DMCA Policy