http://www.littlecup.com/policies/privacy-policy
Privacy policy
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from www.littlecup.com (the "Site").
Personal Information We Collect
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual Web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as "Device Information."
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
"Cookies," which are data files that are placed on your device or computer and that often include an anonymous unique identifier. You can read more information about cookies including how to disable cookies.
"Log files" that track actions occurring on the Site and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
"Web beacons," "tags," and "pixels" which are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
We also use a Facebook pixel to track customers visiting from that social channel.
Additionally, when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (such as credit card numbers using the Shopify payment gateway), email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as "Order Information."
When we talk about "Personal Information" in this Privacy Policy, we're talking about "Device Information" and "Order Information."
How We Use Your Personal Information
We use the Order Information that we collect to fulfill any orders placed through the Site including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations. Additionally, we use this Order Information to:
Communicate with you
Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud
Provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services (when in line with the preferences you've shared with us)
We use the Device Information we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address) and, more generally, to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
Sharing Your Personal Information
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. For example, we use Shopify to power our online store - you can read more about how Shopify uses your Personal Information. We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site; you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information. You can also opt out of Google Analytics.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
Behavioral Advertising
As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative's ("NAI") educational page.
You can opt out of targeted advertising by using the links below:
Bing
Facebook
Google
Instagram
Pinterest
Twitter
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting Digital Advertising Alliance's opt-out portal.
Don't Track
Please note that we don't alter our Site's data collection and use practices when we see a "Do Not Track" signal from your browser.
Your Rights
If you're a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you'd like to exercise this right, please contact us.
Additionally, if you're a European resident, please note that we process your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example, if you make an order through the Site) or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe including to Canada and the United States.
Data Retention
When you place an order through the Site, we'll maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
Changes
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
Contact us
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you'd like to make a complaint, please contact us on this website, by email at info@littlecup.com, or by mail at the address below:
Littlecup Ceramics and Letterpress 223 East Redwood Avenue Fort Bragg, CA 95437 United States