https://www.pembrokeshirecoast.wales/planning/planning-policy/local-development-plan-2/
Jump to Main content
Highlight Links
High contrast Mode
Readable Fonts
Greyscale Mode
Invert Mode
XClose this tab
Search for:
Search
Following the adoption of the Local Development Plan (LDP), the Authority has a statutory obligation to keep all matters under review that are expected to affect the development of its area.
The Local Development Plan (LDP) provides the legal framework for the development and use of land within the National Park.
The Plan comprises text and maps, and together with national planning policy will guide decisions on planning applications.
Text
LDP Text
Local Development Plan Proposals Map
Proposals Maps
A Constraints Map is used to show delineations which are determined by other mechanisms. The Constraints Map does not form part of adopted Local Development Plan.
Constraints Map
An Adoption Statement has also been prepared.
Appendix C LDP Adoption Statement
Supplementary Planning Guidance can be viewed here
supplementary-planning-guidance-ldp2 .
Discover more about Local Development Plan 2
Supplementary Planning Guidance (LDP2)
Read more
Sustainability Appraisal Scoping Report
The Sustainability Appraisal Scoping Report sets out the sustainability appraisal issues and objectives/criteria against which the Replacement Local D...
Read more
Preparation Stages
These are the stages in preparing a replacement Local Development Plan.
Read more
LDP Review Report
The Review Report sets out where changes are required, what needs to change and why, based on evidence.
Read more
Delivery Agreement
The Delivery Agreement is a public statement that contains a Timetable for preparing a Revision of a Local Development Plan setting out how and when s...
Read more
Community Council Workshops
Community and Town Councils can provide a central source of information for their local communities, help to raise awareness of the LDP process and ar...
Read more
Background papers
These Background Papers will be updated and added to throughout the preparation of the Plan.
Read more
Appraisal Processes
Environmental, Social and Economic Appraisals for Local Development Plan 2
Read more
Get In Touch
Contact us and register your details to get the latest updates on what's happening in the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park.
Contact Us
Cookie Policy
To help us make this website better, the cookie settings are set to ‘allow all cookies’. If you continue without changing these settings, you consent to this – for more information and to change this at any time, see our cookie policy and privacy policy.
I understand
View Basket
Checkout
Continue Shopping