http://www.icporchestra.com/privacy-policy
Home
ICPShop
Bandcamp
Concerts
Images
Video
Reviews
Misha
Biographies
Contact
Menu
PRIVACY POLICYTypes of Personal Data CollectedWhen you sign-up for our newsletter, we collect your email address. This is solely for the purpose of delivering our newsletter to you. We will never share this information with anyone else. You can unsubscribe from this newsletter at any point by clicking the "Unsubscribe" button at the bottom of any mail you've received from us. We may also collect data automatically through our use of cookies on the Website. Please see our cookie policy below to find out about the types of cookies we set and why, and how you can adjust your settings to disable cookies.Keeping your Personal Data secureWe have implemented security policies and technical measures to safeguard the Personal Data we collect. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with applicable law, including the GDPR, to safeguard Personal Data from accidental loss, destruction or damage and unauthorized access, use and disclosure.Retention periods for use of your Personal DataWe will use and store your Personal Data only for as long as necessary, bearing in mind the uses of your Personal Data as described in this privacy policy and otherwise as communicated to you.Access to and control over your Personal DataYou have legal rights under applicable law in relation to your Personal Data. You can ask the following questions, or take the following actions, at any time by contacting us via email instantcomposerspool@gmail.com or via our postal address:see what Personal Data we hold about you (if any), including why we are holding it and who it could be disclosed to;ask us to change/correct your Personal Data;ask us to delete your Personal Data;object to the processing of your Personal Data;ask us to restrict the processing of your Personal Data;withdraw any consents you have given us to the processing of your Personal Data; andexpress any concerns you have about third parties’ use of your Personal Data.Change of purposeWe will only use your Personal Data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to have an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us. If we need to use your Personal Data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.About CookiesWhat are cookies?Cookies are small text files containing a string of characters that can be placed on your computer or mobile device that uniquely identifies your browser or device. We may use technologies like cookies, pixels and local storage to deliver, secure, and understand products, services, and ads.What are cookies used for?Cookies and other technologies allow a site or services to know if your computer or device has visited it before. These technologies can then be used to deliver products, services, and ads, help us understand how the site or service is being used, help you navigate between pages efficiently, help remember your preferences, and generally improve your experience in using our services. Cookies can also help ensure marketing you see online is more relevant to you and your interests.Why does ICP Orchestra use cookies and similar technologies?We use cookies, pixels, local storage, and similar technologies to show you relevant content, improve your experience, and help protect ICP Orchestra and our users. We may use these technologies to deliver the service, provide you with a service that is easy to use, enables you to move around the Service and use its features, such as accessing secure areas, and store information so that our site responds faster. We may use these technologies to collect information about how you use the Service, for example which pages you go to most often and if you get error messages from certain pages. We may use these technologies to allow us to remember choices you make and tailor the Service to provide enhanced features and content for you. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you've made to text size, font and other parts of pages that you can customize.How long will cookies stay on my device?The length of time a cookie will stay on your computer or mobile device depends on whether it is a "persistent" or "session" cookie. Session cookies will only stay on your device until you stop browsing. Persistent cookies stay on your computer or mobile device until they expire or are deleted.How to control cookies or other collection mechanismsFollow the instructions provided by your website or mobile browser (usually located within the "Help", "Tools" or "Edit" facility) to modify your cookie settings. Please note that if you set your browser to disable cookies or other technologies, you may not be able to access certain parts of our Service and other parts of our Service may not work properly.To learn more about the choices that advertisers provide generally for individuals to influence how information about their online activities over time and across third-party Web sites or online services is collected and used, visit the Network Advertising Initiative at http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp, the Digital Advertising Alliance at http://www.aboutads.info/, or the European Digital Advertising Alliance at http://youronlinechoices.eu/.