http://www.suzieq.com/privacy-policy/
Western Canada's premier dance band, performing the
classic hits taken from the musical soundtrack of our lives
Classic Rock & Roll Dance Band
Skip to content
Home
The Band
Jazz Plus Trio
Suzanne Morley
Just Jon
Media Gallery
Song List
Contact
Effective date: July 26, 2018
Suzie Q Dance Band (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the https://suzieq.com website (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from https://suzieq.com
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Cookies and Usage Data
Usage Data
We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
Suzie Q Dance Band uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to – and maintained on – computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside Canada and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Canada and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Suzie Q Dance Band will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements
Suzie Q Dance Band may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Suzie Q Dance Band
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
We only provide articles and information. We never ask for credit card numbers.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
CANSPAM
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Honour opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: info@suzieq.com
By mail: 930 Wilson Way, Canmore, Alberta, Canada   T1W 2Z4
ReferencesWe would be pleased to have you contact the following individuals regarding any of our professional music services:
Jane Sullivan, Senior Event Planner, Pursuit / Brewster Travel Banff
Randy Ferguson, Director, The Strategic Group Calgary
Jeremy Elbourne, Executive Director, ArtsPlace Canmore Arts Centre
Michael Daigneault, Conference Services Mgr, Fairmont Banff Springs
Brent Seetaram, Director of Conferences, Delta Lodge @ Kananaskis
Darren Reeder, Executive Director, Banff-Lake Louise Hospitalty Association
Naomi Langer-McIntosh, Mountainscape Productions Banff
Rick Ratcliffe, President, Calgary Transit ATU 583
Danielle Powell, Director, Banff DMC
Chris Bartolomie, Arts & Culture, Town of Canmore
Trevor Long, General Manager, Rimrock Resort Hotel, Banff
Jason Guyitt, General Manager, Lake Okanagan Resort Kelowna
Kim Beckett, Senior Conference Manager, Banff Springs Hotel
David Keam, General Manager, Edmonton Airport Hotel
Ken Cretney, General Manager, Vancouver Convention Centre
Michiko Ellis, Conference Director, The Banff Centre for the Arts
John Schlichting, Conference Services Manager, Chateau Lake Louise
Michael Hannan, Director, Coast Hotel Canmore
Julia Freeman, Event Specialist, Canmore Business & Tourism
John Munro, Event Manager, Stewart Creek Golf & Country Club, Canmore
Bob Aishford, Royal LePage Realty, Canmore
Haylie Guinn, Manager, Boundary Ranch Kananaskis AB
Flora Fioritti – Irwin, Program Manager, Rare Indigo Destination Management
Andrew Nickerson, Founder, Uncorked Experiences
Kerri Dance, Community Services, The Town Of Banff
Klaas Vanveller, President, Sylvan Lake AB Lions Club
It has been our great privilege to work with hundreds of satisfied clients such as these listed below:
The Town of Canmore Alberta
Murrietas Restaurant & Lounge, Canmore Alberta
Chambers of Commerce Sheraton Suites, Calgary
The Rimrock Resort Hotel
The Banff Springs Hotel
The Banff Center for Management Japan Travel Bureau
Kintetsu Travel
Chateau Lake Louise
The Banff Park Lodge
The Palliser Hotel
Vancouver Convention Center The Chateau Lacombe
Telus Convention Center
Microsoft Marketing
Amy Grant/Jeff Margolis Productions
Esso Canada
General Motors
Chrysler Corp.
Hyatt Regency Hotels
Westin Hotels
Tanimura & Antle USA
Canmore/Banff Rotary Club
Bennett Jones
MCI World Com
Pacific Coast Surgical Association
The Mayo Clinic
Royal Bank
CIBC
Phelps Drilling Calgary
Bristol Myers Squibb
Canmore Canada Day
RCMP Carolina Homes Calgary
MacLeod Dixon
Career Colleges
GTE Directories
Transamerica Corp.
The Royal Canadian Legion Canmore/Banff
Toyota Canada
Yukon Visitors Association
The Commissioner of the Yukon
American United Life
Wells Fargo USA
Canmore Windtower Lodge
United Communities Inc.
Spruce Meadows
The Pillsbury Company
Zurich Life
Alberta New Home Warranty
Canadian Gas Processors
Midwest Surveys
Howard Johnson Hotels
Canmore Eagles Hockey Club
Rotary International
PGI Communications
Three Sisters Resorts Ltd, Canmore
×FAQHow long has your band been together?Suzie Q has been in existence since 1994. All of the musicians are full-time professionals who collectively bring together 133 years of performance experience. You can find out a little more about the band in “The Band” section of this site.
How many performers are there in your band?We usually have five performers on stage, but at times are required to provide a smaller group. We can offer a variant of our band that has three or four performers if requested, and still maintain our complete repertoire.
How many songs can you perform?We currently have over 350 songs in our repertoire and are continually adding new material in response to current trends and client requests. A sample of our song list can be seen here.
Does the group perform all styles of music?As our name suggests, we perform mainly classic pop, rock and country selections. However, we do feature most musical styles as we cater to a variety of events such as dances, conventions, weddings and lounges. This requires us to keep a very extensive (and fun) repertoire. The only types of music that we do not perform are classical and mainstream jazz. If you’re looking for jazz music, check out the Jazz Plus Trio.
Can you accommodate special requests?Yes indeed! We welcome your suggestions and are happy to add any song to our repertoire that you may request. As well, we can “tailor” a song list to fit any special musical theme that you may need for your function. If there’s a special song you’re thinking of, send it to us.
Is it expensive to hire a “live” band?Not at all, and compared to “canned” music, there are so many benefits. Consider that you have the opportunity to make your event the most memorable experience possible for your guests by using our services. Nobody ever remembers a boring DJ, but everyone remembers the great live band that you provided. Many new clients are referred to us each year by satisfied customers who were glad they chose live professional entertainment.
Do you have references that we can contact?Absolutely! We have some of the most impressive references available, and we would be pleased to have you call on them at any time. Many of our previous clients have expressed their willingness to be contacted regarding our services. See Our References
Can your band travel for out-of-area performances?Yes! We are often requested to travel throughout Alberta, Western Canada and the United States to accommodate our clients.
×