http://www.taliesinpreservation.org/legal-disclaimer
Main Menu
Calendar
Blog
Volunteer
0
Donate
Visit
Tours
Hours & Directions
Map & Trails
Calendar
Events
Upcoming Events
Private Events
Education
Our Approach
Summer Camps
Cafe
Our Approach
Food Artisan Immersion Program
About
Taliesin Preservation
History of Taliesin
Team
Press
Jobs
Contact Us
Shop
Taliesin Search
Legal Disclaimer
Legal Disclaimer
Copyright Information
Taliesin Preservation owns www.taliesinpreservation.org (“the Site”). Taliesin Preservation owns or has rights to all of the wallpaper, icons, characters, artwork, images, graphics, music, text, software and other content of the Site (the “Content”), and all HTML, CGI and other code and scripts in any format used to implement the Site (the “Code”). The Content and Code of the Site is protected by copyright. Except as set forth above, you may not copy, modify, upload, download, transmit, re-publish, display for redistribution to third parties for commercial purposes, or otherwise distribute any Code or Content from the Site without the prior written agreement of Taliesin Preservation You may not use the Content or Code from the Site for any purpose other than those set forth above. All names, logos and trademarks which appear on the Site are the property of Taliesin Preservation or are used by Taliesin Preservation under license or agreement. You may not use any of the foregoing for any purpose without the prior express written permission of Taliesin Preservation Your failure to comply with this Legal Statement will constitute breach of contract and will violate Taliesin Preservation’s copyright, trademark and other proprietary and industrial property rights. You may print in hard copy portions of this web site with the sole intent of placing an order with Taliesin Preservation or for keeping Taliesin Preservation office locations, hours or phone number information. The use of any such material for any other reason, on any other web site, or the modification, distribution, or republication of this material without prior written permission from Taliesin Preservation is strictly prohibited.
Trademark
The publicity rights to the name and likeness of Frank Lloyd Wright belong to the Frank Lloyd Wright Foundation, Taliesin West, Scottsdale, Arizona. Frank Lloyd Wright and Taliesin are registered trademarks of the Frank Lloyd Wright Foundation. All rights reserved.
Legal Statement
This legal statement contains the terms and conditions governing the Site, and all sites of the affiliates of Taliesin Preservation by using the site, you expressly accept and agree to abide by all the terms and conditions contained in this Legal Statement. Do not use the Site if you do not accept and agree to these terms and conditions. Unless otherwise referenced herein, any reference to “Taliesin Preservation” shall include Taliesin Bookstore and all of its affiliates.
The Site is available only for your personal use, which shall be limited to viewing the Site, providing information to the Site, downloading product or service information for your professional review and for the purchase of Taliesin Preservation products and services.
No License
Except as expressly provided above, nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise any license or right under any patent, trademark, copyright or other proprietary or industrial right of Taliesin Preservation, its affiliates or any third party.
Use Of Information Submitted By You
Note: This section does not apply to personal data supplied by you to the Site, such as your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number and the like. Please see our Privacy Policy Statement for information regarding our treatment of personal data.
If you respond to Taliesin Preservation, with any information, including but not limited to feedback, data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like, such information shall NOT be deemed confidential. All such submissions shall be deemed the property of Taliesin Preservation, Inc., and your submission of information shall constitute an assignment to Taliesin Preservation, Inc. of all worldwide rights, titles and interests in such information. Taliesin Preservation, Inc. will not be liable for any use or disclosure of such information. Taliesin Preservation will not have any obligation to keep such information confidential and will be free to reproduce, use, disclose and distribute the information to others without limitation. Taliesin Preservation will be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such information for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing and marketing products which incorporate or otherwise rely upon such information.
Taliesin Preservation welcomes your comments and suggestions on its Site and products, but Taliesin Preservation does not seek to solicit any confidential or proprietary ideas, suggestions, materials or other information relating to developing, designing, redesigning, modifying, manufacturing or marketing its products or any new products. By submitting information, you warrant that Taliesin Preservation may publish such information, use it as part of its operations, and incorporate its concepts in Taliesin Preservation, Inc. products without liability.
Disclaimers
Taliesin Preservation, Inc. publishes information on its Site as a convenience to its visitors. While Taliesin Preservation attempts to provide accurate and timely information, there may be inadvertent technical or factual inaccuracies and typographical errors. We reserve the right to make corrections and changes to the Site at any time without notice. The Taliesin Preservation products and services described in the Site may not be available in your region. Taliesin Preservation does not claim that the information in the Site is appropriate to your jurisdiction or that the products described in its Site will be available for purchase in all jurisdictions.
Taliesin Preservation operates its Site from the United States. It is possible that some software that may be downloaded from the Site is subject to government export control or other restrictions. By visiting and using our Site, you acknowledge these restrictions and agree that you are not subject to them.
Visitors assume all responsibility and risk with respect to their use of the Site. Taliesin Preservation disclaims all warranties, representations and endorsements, expressed or implied, with regard to information accessed from or via the Site, including, but not limited to, all express and implied warranties, such as warranty of title, merchantability, non-infringement and fitness for a particular purpose. Taliesin Preservation does not warrant that the Site is free of computer viruses, bugs or other harmful components. Taliesin Preservation does not warrant that the functions contained in the material will be uninterrupted or error-free or that errors will be detected or corrected. Taliesin Preservation does not assume any liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, reliability or usefulness of the information disclosed or accessed through the Site. Taliesin Preservation does not have any duty to update its Site or modify their Content or Code, and Taliesin Preservation shall not be liable for its failure to update such information. It is your responsibility to verify any information contained in the Sites before relying upon it.
Taliesin Preservation makes no warranties of any kind regarding any non-Taliesin Preservation sites to which the user may be directed or hyperlinked from this Site. Hyperlinks are included solely for the convenience of the user, and Taliesin Preservation makes no representations or warranties with regard to the accuracy, availability, suitability or safety of information provided in such non-Taliesin Preservation sites.
IN NO EVENT SHALL TALIESIN PRESERVATION BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES OF WHATEVER KIND RESULTING FROM WHATEVER CAUSE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, OR ANY OTHER TYPE OF DAMAGE, TANGIBLE OR INTANGIBLE IN NATURE, WHETHER IN AN ACTION UNDER THEORIES OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE INFORMATION ON, OR ACCESSED THROUGH, TALIESIN PRESERVATION SITE.
Taliesin Preservation reserves the right to withdraw access to the Site or to revise the services and products described in the Site at any time without notice.
Taliesin Preservation may at any time revise the terms and conditions contained in this Legal Statement by updating this posting. You are bound by any revisions and should periodically visit this page to review the current terms and conditions which apply to your use of the Site.
The invalidity of any term, condition or provision of this Legal Statement shall not affect the enforceability of those portions of the Legal Statement deemed enforceable by applicable courts of law.
Additional Disclaimer
Taliesin Preservation does not assume any liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, reliability, or usefulness of the information posted, disclosed, or accessed by visitors to this site. The use of any such information shall be at the user’s sole risk. IN NO EVENT SHALL TALIESIN PRESERVATION BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGE OF WHATEVER KIND RESULTING FROM WHATEVER CAUSE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OR DAMAGE TO PROPERTY AND INJURY OR DEATH TO PERSONS, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY RELATING TO THE USE OR PERMFORMANCE OF THE INFORMATION ON, OR ACCESSED THROUGH THIS SITE.
Privacy Policy
At taliesinpreservation.org, our utmost priority is ensuring that your personal, professional and payment information is secure and your privacy is respected. Below is a description of how we maintain online security and respect your privacy.
Online Security
Whenever you provide any order information, we use SSL technology to make sure that it is “encrypted,” or, scrambled, so that no one else can read it while it is being transmitted over the Internet. If you become a member of TaliesinPreservation.org, all information (such as your name, address, and email address) is safely stored behind a firewall. We store this type of information so that you do not have to reenter it each time you make a purchase or log in.
Online Privacy
This Privacy Policy Statement sets forth the privacy policy pertaining to www.taliesinpreservation.org (the “Site”). By using the Site, you are agreeing to the terms set forth in this Privacy Policy Statement. For other terms and conditions that apply to your use of the Site, please review our Legal Statement.
For purposes of this Privacy Policy Statement, “Personal Information” means any information by which you can be personally identified, and includes your name, your address, your telephone number, your e-mail address and the like. Taliesin Preservation, Inc. collects Personal Information only when you voluntarily submit such Personal Information to us, such as when placing a product order through the Site, ask questions of our service department, join our mailing list, and so on.
For each visitor to the Site, our web servers automatically recognize information regarding the visitor’s domain name (or that of the visitor’s access provider) and e-mail address. Regardless of the purpose for which it is submitted, it is Taliesin Preservation’s policy to maintain all Personal Information as confidential, and to use such Personal Information for the following purposes:
* for the specific purpose for which it was volunteered (for example, to purchase product, to ask a service question, to comment on our products or Site etc.);
* to improve the content, appearance and utility of the Site;
* to track our visitors’ use of the Site for internal market research or other business purposes; and
* to notify our visitors of updates to the Site.
You may request at any time that Taliesin Preservation dispose of any or all Personal Information about you. In addition, at any time you may request that Taliesin Preservation correct any such Personal Information; or that such Personal Information be removed from Taliesin Preservation’s marketing databases.
To make any request described above, send an e-mail to tours@taliesinpreservation.org or write to:
Taliesin Preservation
5607 County Road C
Spring Green, WI 53588
USA
When contacting us, please be sure to provide us with your exact e-mail address, name, address and/or telephone number(s) in order to be sure we handle your request correctly.
Requesting To Be Removed From Email Lists
If you do not want to receive email from us in the future, you can let us know by emailing us at tours@taliesinpreservation.org.
Phone
We only telephone customers about the orders they have placed online.
Taliesin Preservation reserves the right, at its discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Policy Statement at any time. You should check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of this Site following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy Statement will mean that you accept those changes.
Taliesin Preservation, Inc. All rights reserved.
Cookies Legal Disclaimer Privacy Policy