http://www.channel2.org/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICYSouth Florida PBS, Inc. (WPBT2 | WXEL)Nothing is more important to us than protecting the private information of our visitors. South Florida PBS adheres to a strict policy for ensuring the privacy of your – and your children’s – personally identifiable information (full name, address, email address, telephone number and/or other identifiable information) and preserving the integrity of this online medium.Gathering and Use of Information1. We collect information from you that you supply to us on a voluntary basis. We also collect an IP address from each visitor to our site. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our website, analyze trends, track users’ movement, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order for us to improve the website, and deliver customized, personalized content. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.2. In order to participate in some activities, you may be asked to provide some personally identifiable information. This could be in connection with the following:contest or sweepstakes registrationsubscription registration for South Florida PBS websites or services which require subscription (such as email newsletters)member contributionsrequests for membership informationonline transactions with the South Florida PBS Mallcontent submissions, community postings (i.e., forums, bulletin boards, chat rooms), comments and suggestions, or voting3. South Florida PBS may use your personally identifiable information of activities explained above for external and internal marketing promotional purposes.4. Tell-A-Friend: If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our website, we ask them for the friend’s name and email address. South Florida PBS will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the website. South Florida stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email.5. Security: All information provided to South Florida PBS is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a industry-standard, proven encoding system that enables your browser to automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. We also protect account information by placing it on a secure portion of our website that is only accessible by certain qualified employees of WPBT2. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information.6. It is South Florida PBS's policy to occasionally exchange mailing lists containing your information with other non-profit, non-political organizations. If you wish your name NOT to be exchanged, please call 1-800-222-9728 and advise us accordingly.Tracking and Use of CookiesCookies are small information files that your web browser places on your computer when you visit a website. In general, South Florida PBS uses cookies to track user activity on our sites. Cookies enable many of the services and features of South Florida PBS websites in order for it to operate properly. These features include, but are not limited to, subscription and registration services, transactions in the South Florida PBS Mall, submissions, community postings, comments and suggestions, voting and localization features. You can set your browser software to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent; however, this may cause certain services and features to become unavailable or not function properly.Third Party WebsitesOur website contains links to third party websites. Please note that when you click on one of these outgoing links, you are entering another website for which South Florida PBS has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may be different than ours.Acceptance of WPBT2 Privacy Policy Terms and ConditionsBy using this website, you signify your agreement to the Terms and Conditions of this South Florida PBS Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use the website. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for any changes. Your continued use of South Florida PBS websites following the posting of any changes to these terms shall mean that you have accepted those changes. If you have any questions or concerns, please e-mail us at feedback@southfloridapbs.org.Terms and ConditionsPlease also make sure to read South Florida PBS’s Terms and Conditions to understand the additional terms and conditions which apply to your use of our sites.