http://www.hfpa.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
(Last Revised September 29, 2020)
The Hollywood Foreign Press Association and the Hollywood Foreign Press Association Charitable Trust (collectively, “HFPA,” “we,” “us,” “our,”) has created this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to inform you of how we collect, use, share, and secure your personal information on the website www.goldenglobes.com (which can also be reached via www.hfpa.org), in addition to our Twitter, Facebook, Instagram or other social networking sites and their respective contents, whether accessed via computer, mobile device or other technology (collectively, the “Sites”).
This Privacy Policy covers the following:
Information We Collect
Our Legal Basis for Using Your Information
Cookies and Other Technologies
How We Use Your Information
How We Share Your Information
Minors
Do Not Track
California Shine the Light
Information Transfers and Storage
Your Rights Regarding Your Information
Data Retention
Third Party Sites, Content, and Resources
Security
Privacy Policy Updates
Contact Us
1. Information We Collect
Information You Provide to Us. When you use our Sites, such as when you subscribe to our newsletter, register for an account, submit an award nomination, or apply for a grant, we, or our service providers (acting on our behalf), collect “personal information” (which is information that relates to an identifiable natural person) that you provide to us, such as your first and last name, email address, telephone number(s) and postal address.
Information We Collect from You Automatically. When you use the Sites, we will also collect information about your use of the Sites and the device you use to access the Sites (e.g., your computer, tablet, phone, etc.) such as your IP address and country location, browser information (including browser type, capabilities, and language), operating system, the date and time you accessed the Sites, and website usage information, including the paths taken as you move from one webpage to another webpage (i.e., your “click stream” activity).
2. Our Legal Basis for Using Your Information
If you are accessing our Sites in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), then applicable law requires us to ensure that we only process your personal information where we have a legal basis to do so. We will only process your personal information where at least one of the following applies:
If it is in our legitimate interest or the legitimate interest of others to use your personal information. For example, it is in our legitimate interest to use your personal information to improve our Sites and enforce our legal rights. If you would like further information about how we decide when a particular use is in our legitimate interest, you may contact us using the contact details set out below.
We need to use your personal information to perform our responsibilities under a contract we have with you (including, for example, processing your award nomination or grant application).
Sometimes we may ask for your consent to use certain types of personal information (e.g., by asking you to tick an online box). In these circumstances, your consent will be our legal basis for processing your personal information. If you have provided consent, you may withdraw it at any time. You may do this by “opting out” where we give you the opportunity to do so, or by contacting us using the contact details below.
3. Cookies and Other Technologies
Cookies. Cookies are data files placed on your device when you visit websites. A cookie can be used to uniquely identify your device and may contain information about your website interactions. We use certain cookies and other similar analytics technologies offered by our third-party service providers to make the Sites available, understand your use of the Sites, customize the content offered to you on the Sites.
Web Beacons. Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons (or pixels), may be included in our Sites, email messages, and digital content. Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count visitors to the Sites, to monitor how users navigate the Sites, to count how many emails that were sent were actually opened or to determine whether content sent was actually viewed.
Mobile Device Identifiers. If you access the Sites via a mobile app, we use additional identifiers, such as the advertising ID provided by Apple or Android, for similar purposes.
We use these technologies for the following purposes:
Storing Your Preferences and Settings. We use cookies to store your preferences and settings on your device. Saving your preferences with cookies, such as your preferred language, prevents you from having to set your preferences repeatedly.
Social Media. Our Site includes social media cookies, including those that enable users who are logged in to a social media platform to share content via that platform.
Analytics. We use first- and third-party cookies and other identifiers to gather usage and performance data. For example, we use Google Analytics, which uses cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about use of the Sites, and report on activities and trends. This service may also collect information regarding the use of other websites, apps, and online resources. We use the information we get from Google Analytics to improve the Sites and the user experience. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to https://policies.google.com/privacy/google-partners, and opt-out of Google Analytics by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
To learn how to reduce the number of cookies you receive or delete cookies that have already been installed in your browser’s cookie folder, please refer to your browser’s help menu or other instructions related to your browser.
4. How We Use Your Information
We (and our service providers) will use your personal information for the following purposes:
To provide the features and functionality of the Sites to you.
To process your newsletter subscription, grant application or award nomination entry.
To identify you as the sender of, and to process, your emails.
To respond to questions and comments.
To improve, enhance, and tailor the Sites for you (for example by providing content or features that match your interests), and to improve and enhance the overall experience for all users of the Sites.
To send you emails or postal mail about special offers or promotions, if you have consented to this.
We may anonymize your information (for example by aggregating it with other individuals’ personal information so that it no longer identifies you) and use it for other purposes in anonymized form.
5. How We Share Your Information
We will share your personal information for the following purposes:
Business transfers: If a third party acquires all or substantially all of our assets, your personal information, and any other information that we have collected in connection with the Sites, will be transferred to such third party as part of our business assets. Also, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, all such information will be considered part of our assets and may be sold or transferred to third parties.
Legal purposes: We will share personal information if we think we have to in order to comply with the law or to protect ourselves or others. For example, we may transfer and disclose information to third parties to comply with a legal obligation; when we believe in good faith that the law requires it; at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation; to verify or enforce our Terms of Use  or other applicable policies; to respond to an emergency; or otherwise to protect the rights, property, safety, or security of third parties, visitors to our Sites, or the public.
Service providers: We use third parties to perform services on our behalf, such as application processing, email delivery, and website maintenance. These service providers will access your personal information as necessary for them to perform their duties. For example, we will share your grant application with our consultant, who evaluates applications and makes recommendations to our Trustees, board of directors and members.
6. Minors
The Sites are intended for use only by persons who are at least 18 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone whom we know to be under 18 years of age without permission from a parent or guardian. If you are under the age of 18, you may not use the Sites unless your parent or guardian has provided us with their consent for your use of these Sites.
7. Do Not Track
We do not currently take actions to respond to Do Not Track signals because a uniform technological standard has not yet been developed. We continue to review new technologies and may adopt a standard once one is created.
8. California Shine the Light
California residents are entitled once a year, free of charge, to request and obtain certain information regarding our disclosure, if any, of personally identifiable information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year (e.g., requests made in 2018 will receive information about 2017 sharing activities). At this time, we do not share personally identifiable information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. However, if we do so in the future, we will give you choices prior to sharing your information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and you have questions about our practices and your choices regarding sharing of information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes, please contact us using the information below.
9. Information Transfers and Storage
Information we collect from you may be transferred to, processed in, or stored in the United States or another destination outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”). Information may be processed by personnel operating in these locations who work for us or one of our service providers. The standard of data protection in the United States and in certain other countries where we may process your information is considered by the European Commission to be not adequate when compared to the data protection standards of the EU and EEA.  By using our websites or submitting your personal information, you consent to such transfer, storing and processing.
10. Your Rights Regarding Your Information
If you are in the EEA, you have certain additional rights in relation to your personal information. If you would like further information in relation to these or would like to exercise them, please contact us using the contact details below at any time. You have the right to request that we:
provide access to any personal information we hold about you;
update any of your personal information which is out of date or incorrect;
delete any personal information which we are holding about you;
restrict the way that we process your personal information;
prevent the processing of your personal information for direct-marketing purposes;
provide your personal information to a third-party provider of services;
provide you with a copy of any personal information which we hold about you; or
consider any valid objections which you have to our use of your personal information.
We will consider all such requests and provide our response within a reasonable period (and in any event within any time period required by applicable law). Please note, however, that certain personal information may be exempt from such requests in certain circumstances. If an exception applies, we will tell you this when responding to your request. We may request you provide us with information necessary to confirm your identity before responding to any request you make.
You may unsubscribe from our newsletter or ask us to stop using your personal information for promotional purposes at any time. If you wish to do this, please follow the removal instructions in any communication you receive or contact us using the information below.
11. Data Retention
We will generally store information associated with your account until it is no longer necessary to provide services to you, until you ask us to delete it, or until your account is deleted, whichever comes first; but there are some exceptions to this general rule. We will retain information from deleted accounts to comply with the law, prevent fraud, collect fees, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with investigations, enforce our agreements, and take other actions permitted by law. For more information, contact us using the details below.
12. Third Party Sites, Content, and Resources
Please be aware that when you are using the Sites, you could be directed via links or other means to third-party websites, content, and resources that are not affiliated with the Sites or HFPA. These third-party websites, content, and resources may send their own cookies to visitors, collect data, and/or solicit and use your personal information in ways different than those set forth in this Privacy Policy. The privacy policies of these third parties may be very different from this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of the third-party providers of these other websites, content, and resources and cannot provide you with information regarding the security of any personal information they collect.
13. Security
We will take reasonable steps to protect the security and integrity of your personal information. However, please note that we cannot guarantee that any information transmitted through the Internet or stored on our system or otherwise in our care will be absolutely safe from prohibited intrusion by others. We will have no liability for disclosure of your information due to errors or unauthorized acts of third parties during or after the transmission or storage of your personal information.
14. Privacy Policy Updates
From time to time, we may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect changing conditions, such as changes in the law or technology, or changes in our privacy practices. If we make any material changes we will provide you with a prominent notification prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
15. Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments regarding our privacy practices, you may contact us using the following details:
Email: ggoeckner@hfpa.org
Golden Globe Awards
Golden Globe Awards
Golden Globe Awards
Golden Globe Awards
×