http://www.quiltfest.com/privacy-statement/
Privacy Statement » Mancuso Show Management
Log InLogout
-View Cart
RegisterAccount
PO Box 667
New Hope,
PA
18938
215.862.5828
Menu
Home
About
Upcoming Shows & Events
Online Quilt Festival
Mid-Atlantic Quilt Festival
Quiltfest Greenvillle, SC
World Quilt New England
Pennsylvania National Quilt Extravaganza
The Quilt & Sewing Fest of New Jersey
Vendor Information
Become a Vendor
Become an Instructor
Enter Competitions
Competition Entry Information
Contact
Privacy Statement
Mancuso Show Management presents public / consumer shows. Mancuso Show Management uses the personal data you provide for the purpose of administering your participation in this Event. Mancuso Show Management may disclose your personal data to third party service providers (e.g. mailing houses, and other providers engaged by Mancuso Show Management to assist in the conduct of the Event). Mancuso Show Management may also disclose your personal data to other Event Attendees (i.e. show sponsors, group leaders) but will do so solely in connection with the Event Attendee List and always in compliance with our own privacy principles. Mancuso Show Management will not sell or disclose your personal data to any other third party without your consent except where required to do so by law.
Mancuso Show Management reserves the right to film, record or photograph any of the attendees at an event for post promotional event purposes. Attendees are advised that this may result in incidental inclusion of attendees within any recordings or photographs. Due to the prevalence of mobile recording devices in today's world, Mancuso Show Management disclaims all liability for the capture of your image in any multimedia format by other Attendees at the Event.
Mancuso Show Management imposes certain restrictions on the use of multimedia at its Events (i.e., photography, video, audio, and all future mediums).
Mancuso Show Management also leverages social media (e.g., Facebook and Instagram) to post real-time photos and videos to its social media feeds. Attendees are encouraged to post their own social content from the Event (text, photos, audio, video) provided it does not infringe on copyrighted Mancuso Show Management or its vendors' content.
Mancuso Show Management determines that you acknowledge and agrees as follows: (a) Mancuso Show Management may edit and use the footage it captures at Mancuso Show Management Events for marketing and promotional activities and for any other lawful purpose in the ordinary course of its business; and (b) Communication, engagement and actions taken through social media platforms that this website and its owners participate on are custom to the terms and conditions as well as the privacy policies held with each social media platform respectively.
Event Attendees are advised to use social media platforms wisely and communicate/ engage upon them with due care and caution in regard to their own privacy and personal details. This website will never ask for personal or sensitive information through social media platforms. If users wish to discuss sensitive details they should contact us through the contact information provided.
This website may use social sharing buttons or other links to foreign websites which help share web content directly from web pages to the social media platforms and other websites in question. Users are advised before using such social sharing buttons and other links that they do so at their own discretion and note that the social media platform and other sites may track and save your requests to share a web page through your cookies or respectively through social media platform account.
Home
About
Upcoming Shows & Events
Vendor Information
Enter Competitions
Contact
Privacy Statement
Mancuso Show Management
PO Box 667
New Hope,
PA
18938
Phone: (215) 862-5828
Fax: (215) 862-9753
Connect With Us
Like us on Facebook
Follow us on Instagram
Follow us on Pinterest
Subscribe us on YouTube
Copyright © 2020 quiltfest.com
Website Design & Website Hosting by IQnection