https://www.circomedia.com/circomedia-part-time-classes-terms-conditions/
Skip to content
Please carefully read our terms & conditions below before making a booking.
How Coronavirus may impact your booking
Please be aware that Circomedia is currently not making exceptions to our cancellation/refund policy during the current Covid-19 outbreak – as a small charity, we rely on our Classes and Youth Circus incomes to pay our tutors and cover the costs of keeping our spaces operational.
Circomedia has no current plans to discontinue classes or events, but we will update bookers accordingly if circumstances change and classes will be refunded if Circomedia cancels any classes.
BLOCKS/HALF-TERMS OF CLASSES (ADULT & YOUTH CIRCUS)
If you cancel one week before the start date we will refund the cost minus £5 to cover admin and bank charges.
If you cancel after this time or after the course starts we will not refund any part of the fees.
If we cancel the course, any remaining classes will be refunded in full.
Missed classes cannot be refunded, even in the case of illness or injury.
If you have to miss a class, you can trade this in for a free drop-in class (Wednesdays at Portland Square or Thursdays at Kingswood).
This free drop-in must be used within the same timeframe as the block you are booked onto (e.g. if you miss a class in a Jan-Feb block, you must use your free drop-in session during this Jan-Feb time period).
**UPDATE: Due to the current Covid-19 outbreak, we have extended the time you can claim your free drop-in to three months after your missed class**
ONE-OFF CLASSES, WORKSHOPS OR TASTER SESSIONS (ADULT & YOUTH CIRCUS)
If you cancel one week before the session we will refund the cost minus £5 to cover admin and bank charges.
If you cancel after this time we will not refund any part of the fees, even in the case of illness or injury.
If we cancel the session the fees will be refunded in full.
ADULT 1- OR 2-DAY COURSES (E.G. MASTERCLASSES, ADULT INTENSIVES)
If you cancel more than 1 week before the course start date we will refund 50% of the course fee.
If you cancel 7 days or less before the course we will not refund any of the fees, even in the case of illness or injury.
If we cancel the course the fees will be refunded in full.
YOUTH CIRCUS HOLIDAY CAMPS (EASTER/SUMMER)
If you cancel more than 1 week before the Holiday Camp start date we will refund 50% of the course fee.*
If you cancel 7 days or less before the course we will not refund any of the fees, even in the case of illness or injury.
If we cancel the course the fees will be refunded in full.
*Please note, this condition comes into effect on 16th March 2020 – all previous bookings are refundable, subject to a £5 admin fee, up to a week before the camp starts. However, we ask that you consider donating 50% of your booking to Circomedia in order to cover non-refundable course costs, as mass cancellations due to Covid-19 will have a significant impact on Circomedia’s income.
For any queries, please email classes@circomedia.com or youthcircus@circomedia.com.
Share this page