https://www.unitytheatreliverpool.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Unity Theatre
Unity Online
Text, Donate and Help Support Our Future
What’s on
About Unity
Back
About Unity
Our Spaces
Blog
Your Visit
Back
COVID-19 Measures
Your Visit
Getting Here
Access
Our Bar
Booking Tickets
Join in
Back
Join in
Creative’pool
Unity Online
Unity in Lockdown
Young Creatives
Contact
Basket
Register
Sign in
Privacy Policy
Box Office
0151 709 4988
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Privacy Policy
We strive to give all of our audiences, participants and customers the very best in performance, events and related services. By sharing your personal data, we can ensure that all of the communications you receive are tailored and relevant, and allow you to get the most from your experience with the Unity. It is our aim to put you and the safeguarding of your personal data at the centre of everything we do, and to manage your personal data respectfully and responsibly.
This Privacy Policy gives you detailed information on why we collect your data, how we use it and how we ensure it stays protected.
Who we are
Unity Theatre is a registered UK charity (with charity number 1062 463). We are also a private company limited by guarantee (number 3333987), whose registered address and main trading address is Unity Theatre, 1 Hope Place, Liverpool, L1 9BG.
Unity Theatre is a ‘data controller,’ this means we’re responsible for making sure your personal data is secure, used in an appropriate way and in accordance with General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
How we use your data
We will always seek your consent before e-mailing you (unless the e-mail contains only essential information about your upcoming visit). Emails might contain information on services and products that you have requested, a membership you have with us or to say thank you for a donation you have given. On occasion we may include requests for your support with our charitable activities.
We will only send you postal information or contact you by telephone if you have provided us with this information and if we have a legitimate business interest in doing so.
We will always ask for your consent before sharing personal information with our visiting companies and artistic partners. These requests will be specific to the productions you have shown an interest in so that your consent decision is informed.
The personal data we collect
Unity Theatre may collect information from you when you engage with us including if you book a ticket, give a donation, enquire about an event or activity, sign up to our emails, interact with us on social media, purchase something from us or hire one of our spaces. This allows us to contractually deliver our services to you; we have a legitimate business interest to process information so that we can ensure we are tailoring our communications to better understand our audiences, deliver our objectives as a charity and to give you the very best experience with us.
The information we collect can include your name, postal address, email address, phone number, age, bank details, payment card details, any access requirements you tell us, and if you are interacting with us as a business, government authority or charity, your organisation or entity’s name. Where you have made a donation to us, we will also ask you if you are a tax payer and would like us to claim gift-aid on your donation, and record this information so that we can claim the gift-aid.
On occasion, we may receive information about you from third parties, for example other organisations that we have worked with, or publicly available sources when you have given your consent to share information, or where the information is made public as a matter of law. These independent organisations will only do so when there is a lawful basis to do so. You should check their privacy policies when you provide your information to them, to understand fully how they will process and safeguard your data.
The below list is not exhaustive and the information we obtain from you will vary depending on the services we are providing to you:
Job Applicants
If you apply to work at Unity Theatre, we will only use the information you give us to process your application and to monitor recruitment statistics. If we want to disclose information to someone outside Unity Theatre, for example, if we need a reference, we will make sure we tell you beforehand, unless we are required to disclose this information by law.
If you are unsuccessful in your job application, we may hold your personal information for up to six months after we’ve finished recruiting for the post you applied for. After this date we will destroy or delete your information. We keep de-personalised statistical information about applicants to develop our recruitment processes, however no individual applicant would be identifiable from this information.
If you commence employment with Unity Theatre, your data will be processed in accordance with your employment contract and our other applicable policies.
Participation
If you apply to take part in any of Unity Theatre’s participation programmes, we will only use the information you give us to process your application and to monitor applicants’ statistics.
If you are unsuccessful in your application, we will securely archive the information you have provided to us after we have finished the selection process.
If you are successful and take part in any of our projects, we will use your data for the purposes of your participation and will keep your data as a record of your involvement.
On completing the programme or project we will retain your data in order to contact you about similar opportunities at Unity Theatre, unless you tell us you would rather not hear from us.
Under 16’s
We are committed to protecting the privacy of the young people who engage with us through our website, our events and our projects and programmes. When we collect data about a person aged under 13, we will make it very clear as to the reasons for collecting this data and how it will be used and ensure we have consent from a parent or guardian.
Your Debit Card And Credit Card Information
If you use your credit or debit card to donate to us, buy something or pay for a ticket online or over the phone, we will ensure that this is done securely and that we will not keep your details for longer than necessary for the purposes of the transaction.
Business To Business Communications
If we are communicating to you on a ‘business to business’ basis we will contact you by post or email, unless you have let us know that you would prefer us not to do so.
How we protect your data
Data security is very important to us, and to protect your data we have taken suitable measures to safeguard and secure the data we collect. We only keep your data for as long as necessary, and we have robust policies and security to ensure that your information is protected from in-proper use.
All data is stored on our server or on third party servers on the Cloud (for example, our Box Office system Spektrix). These third party servers have been chosen because we are confident that their data protection policies align with our own.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Your rights and complaints
When we use your data we ensure we take account of and keep your personal data rights in high regard. You are very important to us. You have the right to see your data at any time. You can also object to how it is used, have it corrected or deleted.
If you wish to raise a query on how we have handled your personal data, please contact our Data Protection Officer who will investigate the matter.
Our Data Protection Officer is:
Rachael Palmer
They can be contacted at info@unitytheatre.co.uk or 0151 709 4988 (opt. 2) (Mon – Fri, 10am – 6pm) – we will reply within 48 hours.
If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are not in accordance with the law please contact the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) by visiting their website or by calling their helpline on 0303 123 1113.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may change this Policy from time to time (for example if the law changes), so please do check it regularly to keep up-to-date. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address you have provided to us or by placing a prominent notice on our website. By continuing to engage with us through our services and our website you will be deemed to have accepted such changes.