http://www.nzia.co.nz/privacy-policy
Share article
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn
Email
Copy link
Hello,
We notice you're trying to make a purchase from outside of New Zealand. If you would like to place an order, please email full details to info@nzia.co.nz
Thank you,
New Zealand Institute of Architects
Title
Content
Back
Explore
News
Interviews
Articles and essays
Image gallery
Video library
COVID-19 resources
in:situ – NZIA conference
Venice Architecture Biennale
Back
Connect
Why architecture matters
Working with an architect
Design hints and tips
Find an architect
Friends of Architecture
Careers in architecture
Registering as an architect
Jobs
Festival of Architecture
Back
About us
Who we are
What we do
What we say
Our name
Te Kawenata o Rata
Contact us
Back
What’s on
NZIA Events
Back
Awards
Gold Medal
Distinguished Fellows
Named Awards
New Zealand Architecture Awards
Local Architecture Awards
Student Design Awards
Warren Trust Writing Awards
President’s Awards
NZIA Fellows
New Zealand Architecture Medal
Awards calendar
Judges login
Privacy Policy
The New Zealand Institute of Architects Privacy Policy
The New Zealand Institute of Architects (NZIA) recognises the importance of protecting your privacy. We comply with our obligations under the Privacy Act 1993 with respect to the handling of your personal information, including by taking all reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is secure.
This privacy policy explains how the NZIA handles your personal information and your rights to access and correct that information.
Scope of this policy
This privacy policy applies to all personal information that the NZIA collects in the course of providing services to NZIA members and non-members, including but not limited to information collected on the NZIA website.
Collection of personal information
The main circumstances in which the NZIA collects personal information include, but are not limited to, when you:
apply for or renew a NZIA membership;
register for NZIA-related events; and
use the NZIA website, including the member services section of that website.
More information on the personal information that the NZIA collects in these circumstances, and the potential implications of not providing that information when requested, is provided below.
Collection through NZIA membership
The NZIA collects personal information that you voluntarily give to us when you register for, or attend, NZIA-related events, including conferences. Both NZIA members and non-members may attend certain NZIA-related events.
The type of personal information the NZIA may need to collect could include your name, contact details and credit card details.
Failure to provide such information may result in you being unable to attend the event.
Collection through use of the NZIA website
The NZIA collects personal information that you voluntarily provide when using the NZIA website (including member online discussion forums). This personal information includes your:
name;
contact details;
log-in details;
payment information; and
continuing professional development (CPD) participation records.
The NZIA may contract with third party organisations to provide services on our website. Those organisations may need to collect personal information about you as part of providing their services to us. To improve our website, the NZIA may also use web analytics tools (including 'cookies') to measure your usage of our website (including your mouse click activity, your IP address, and other personal information that you voluntarily enter into the website).
Please note that if you use the NZIA's online discussion forums, you agree to the terms of this policy and the separate terms and conditions applying to the use of those forums.
Use and disclosure of personal information
The personal information you provide to the NZIA may be used and disclosed by us for the purposes of:
providing services to NZIA members, including administering the NZIA membership database;
assessing membership eligibility and benefits;
promoting NZIA events and services;
hosting and operating the CPD database on behalf of the New Zealand Registered Architects Board (NZRAB). This requires NZRAB to provide NZIA with access to CPD participation records and for NZIA to enter CPD participation information;
engaging with government authorities and other professional bodies on matters relating to NZIA members and architecture generally; and
advancing the objects of the NZIA, as set out in the NZIA Rules (which are available on the NZIA website), and other objects expressly or impliedly agreed with you.
Storage and security
The NZIA will take reasonable steps to ensure the security of personal information that it holds.
Personal information provided by NZIA members as part of their membership and CPD reporting is generally held on a cloud services database, which NZIA employees have access to via a secure log-in.
The NZIA has contractual arrangements with its cloud service provider and its website service providers to protect against unauthorised disclosure of, or access to, information held by those providers.
The NZIA website may also contain links to independent, third party websites. The NZIA is not responsible for how those third parties handle personal information that they collect. Any information you provide to third party websites will be governed by the terms of their own privacy policy.
Other personal information provided to the NZIA may be kept in hard-copy files, or on electronic databases either at the NZIA offices or offsite.
Access to your personal information
You have a right to access personal information that the NZIA holds about you and to request correction of that information.
If you wish to do this, please contact the NZIA's Privacy Officer (see below) setting out your name, contact information, and the details of your request.
How to contact us
The NZIA reserves the right to change this privacy policy at any time and notify you by posting an updated version of the policy on the NZIA website.
Contact:
NZIA Privacy Officer
e: info@nzia.co.nz
p: 09 623 6080